CNN  -- It used to be one of the great sights in tennis -- the likes of Boris Becker and John McEnroe flying around the net , executing flawless volleys to follow up precision serves . But the fearsome hitting power of modern tennis players has destroyed an art once finessed by some of Wimbledon 's greatest champions , according to eight-time grand slam winner Ivan Lendl . Czech legend Lendl believes the bold playing style -- mastered to thrilling effect on grass by legends such as Rod Laver , Stefan Edberg , Martina Navratilova and Pat Rafter -- has been outdated by advances in technology and training . "  The reason the guys do n't serve and volley is mainly because of the spin on the ball that is given by the string and also by the strength of the guys and their technique , " Lendl told CNN . "  So to come to the net and be fishing for that ball when the guy takes a full swing and it has 8,000 rpm on that ball ... it becomes very , very difficult to volley and put away . " In the next two weeks , Lendl is chasing the Wimbledon title -- the only grand slam that eluded him as a player -- as a coach for British number one Andy Murray . But Lendl , who is now a U.S. citizen , appears unlikely to encourage the Scot to make frequent forays from the baseline . Murray relishes Wimbledon 's home comforts "  There are only a handful of guys that can do it right now -- Roger  Federer  being one of them , " Lendl said . But even Federer , whose serve-and-volley prowess helped secure six Wimbledon titles , has abandoned the technique . Tim Henman , a four-time Wimbledon semifinalist and one of the few players of his generation to embrace the serve-and-volley game , thinks Federer has been forced to adapt his style at the London venue . "  He used to  serve and volley  , but I think the conditions of the grass have changed so much -- the balls are probably heavier , the courts are much , much slower , so there is far less serve and volley , " Henman told CNN . However , the former British number one maintains that coming to the net can pay off at Wimbledon , adding : "  I think you 've got to really keep attacking on grass , it 's the hardest surface to defend on . " Lost art Yet Pete Sampras , the most lethal exponent of serve and volley ever seen at the All England Club , is less optimistic about the future of the technique . "  It 's gone , " he told CNN earlier this year . "  I love watching Roger , Nadal , Djokovic , but it 's sad to see Wimbledon today with everyone staying back , " Sampras said in March . "  I developed the serve and volley game at a young age . I started at 13 , 14 -- if you 're 20 and do n't serve and volley , it 's too late . " Sampras concurs with Lendl that the state-of-the-art equipment used by today 's players has hastened the decline of serve-volley . "  Technology might be an issue because with these big Babolat rackets , they do n't need to volley , you just hit the crap out of the ball . Whereas we grew up with the wood racket , so you had to hit it properly , " said the seven-time Wimbledon champion . "  It 'd be nice to have someone come up that serves and volleys . It 's definitely a lost art , and it 's unfortunate . " Sampras would not be the only one saddened if the era of Federer , Nadal and Djokovic -- so often hailed as a golden one for tennis -- also came to be defined by the erosion of one the game 's most exhilarating skills .	Former world No. 1 Ivan Lendl says serve and volley is too difficult in modern tennis Hitting power and new technologies mean players now stay at the baseline Roger Federer is finding it harder to serve and volley , says Tim Henman Wimbledon legend Pete Sampras believes the technique is a dying art
CNN  -- An 8.0-magnitude earthquake struck off the Solomon Islands in the South Pacific on Wednesday , triggering a tsunami that killed five people but did n't threaten the wider region . Four elderly people and one child died after the roughly 1-meter  3-feet  high wave hit the Santa Cruz Islands , an eastern region of the Solomon Islands , said Augustine Bilve , a director at a hospital in Lata , the main town in the area . The strong waves appeared to have caused damage and disruption at the local airport and nearby villages . Bilve said that some patients were being relocated , but the hospital was intact . "  Our staff in Temotu province felt the quake and within five minutes there were a number of wave surges , which flooded the runway there , " said Andrew Catford , the program director in the Solomon Islands for the humanitarian group World Vision . World 's biggest earthquakes since 1900 Temotu province is another name for the Santa Cruz Islands . World Vision said it was still trying to gauge the damage from the tsunami in the area , adding that "  it is likely that several villages close to the airport have been severely impacted . " The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center initially issued a tsunami warning for several countries in the area , including Papua New Guinea and Fiji . But the center later canceled the alert after reassessing the relevant data . It also called off a tsunami watch it had sent out for a larger number of countries in the region such as New Zealand , Australia and Indonesia . The center of the quake was located near the Santa Cruz Islands , the U.S. Geological Survey  USGS  said . It was initially reported to be 3.6 miles deep , but that was later revised to a depth of 17.8 miles . What is a tsunami ? Precautionary measures taken in the region Authorities elsewhere in the region took precautionary measures following news of the quake . The New Zealand Ministry of Civil Defense and Emergency Management warned people along certain areas of the country 's west coast to stay out of the water and away from the shore . Japanese authorities issued advisories that small sea level changes could affect the country 's entire eastern coastline Wednesday . The New Caledonia High Commission in the capital of Noumea ordered the immediate evacuation of coastal residents on the eastern coast of New Caledonia and the Loyalty Islands . The main quake was preceded by a 6.3-magnitude quake in the region and was followed by several others , the largest of which had a magnitude of 6.6 , the USGS said . In 2007 , an 8.1-magnitude quake struck in the western part of the Solomon Islands , setting off a tsunami . At least 52 people died as a result of the disaster and thousands of others were left homeless . Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes CNN 's Sarita Harilela , Jethro Mullen and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Five people die after a tsunami hits an eastern area of the Solomon Islands The 8.0-magnitude quake struck off the Santa Cruz Islands , part of the Solomons Pacific Tsunami Warning Center cancels all tsunami alerts for the region
Editor 's note : Jameel Jaffer and Amrit Singh are attorneys for the American Civil Liberties Union and co-authors of "  Administration of Torture : A Documentary Record from Washington to Abu Ghraib and Beyond " . Jaffer is counsel to the plaintiffs in ACLU v. Department of Defense , a lawsuit that has forced the release of more than 100,000 pages of government documents concerning the abuse of prisoners . Singh is lead counsel in the suit seeking disclosure of photographs of U.S. personnel abusing prisoners at overseas locations . Jameel Jaffer says the courts have ruled that refusal to disclose the abuse photos was unlawful . CNN  -- Last week President Obama announced that he would suppress prisoner abuse photographs that he earlier said he would release . Given the president 's stated commitment to government transparency , this reversal was both surprising and profoundly disappointing . The ACLU has sought release of these photos for almost six years . In October 2003 , we filed a request under the Freedom of Information Act for records -- including photographs -- relating to the abuse of prisoners in U.S. detention facilities overseas . In 2005 , a federal judge in New York ruled that the Bush administration 's refusal to disclose the photographs was unlawful , and in 2008 a federal appeals court unanimously affirmed that decision . The Bush administration continued to suppress the photos , and now President Obama has vowed to do the same . The photos are a critical part of the historical record . The government has acknowledged that they depict prisoner abuse at locations other than Abu Ghraib , and it 's clear that the photos would provide irrefutable evidence that abuse was widespread and systemic . The photos would also shed light on the connection between the abuse and the decisions of high-level Bush administration officials . As the district court recognized , the photos are "  the best evidence of what happened . " In explaining his change of heart , President Obama said that the release of the photos "  would not add any additional benefit " to the ongoing public debate about the abuse of prisoners . But the ongoing public debate is rife with false claims , and the photos would expose the truth . The Bush administration told the public that abuse was aberrational and isolated , and many media organizations adopted this fraudulent narrative as their own . But even President Obama , in explaining his reversal , perpetuated the myth that the abuse of prisoners "  was carried out in the past by a small number of individuals . " President Obama 's statement was meant to explain why the photos would not inform the public debate , but it only underscored why the release of the photographs is so important . Many Americans still believe that abuse took place in spite of policy rather than because of it . The truth is that senior officials authorized the use of barbaric interrogation methods that the U.S. once prosecuted as war crimes , and even abuse that was not expressly authorized was traceable to a climate in which abuse was tolerated and often encouraged . The photos would help tell this story . President Obama 's other rationale for suppressing the photographs is that they would "  inflame anti-American opinion and put our troops in greater danger , " an argument that was repeatedly rejected by the courts when made by the Bush administration . Nobody , of course , wants to see anyone get hurt by the release of this or any other information . But the fundamental problem with the government 's argument is that it lacks a limiting principle . Any photograph of prisoner abuse , civilian casualties in Afghanistan , or U.S. military operations in Iraq could be used to "  inflame anti-American opinion " ; indeed , the same is true of any news article that discusses  for example  torture , Guantanamo , or the CIA 's secret prisons . iReport.com : Did Obama make the right decision on photos ? To give the government the power to suppress information because it might anger an unidentified set of people in an unspecified part of the world and ultimately endanger an ill-defined group of U.S. personnel would be to invest it with a virtually unlimited censorial power . And by investing it with such power , we would effectively be affording the greatest protection from disclosure to records that depict the worst kinds of government misconduct . President Obama has inherited a legacy of lawlessness and abuse , and it 's not easy to untangle that . But the idea that suppressing the photographs will help the country turn the page on the last eight years is misguided . We can not make a clean break with the past until the public knows what happened in the detention centers and why . Blinding ourselves to the ugly consequences of the Bush administration 's policies only deprives us of the opportunity to learn from recent history . And if we fail to learn from this history , we are bound to repeat it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jameel Jaffer and Amrit Singh .	ACLU lawyers : We filed Freedom of Information request for abuse records They say courts have ruled that government ca n't withhold the photos Lawyers : Release of photos would show extent of prisoner abuse They say government should n't stop release because of possible negative reaction
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Before departing the White House early Monday for a farewell tour of Europe , President Bush stole a page from his predecessor and suggested he feels American consumers ' pain . Democrats and Republicans are deadlocked over how to address the rising gas prices . "  A lot of Americans are concerned about our economy , " Bush said . "  I can understand why . Gasoline prices are high , energy prices are high . I do remind them that we have put a stimulus package forward that is expected to help boost the economy . And of course , we 'll be monitoring the situation . " Americans are looking for more action , though , than monitoring the situation . But while gas prices keep soaring , the chances of Washington finding a solution keep dropping because Democrats and Republicans are deadlocked over how to fix the problem . Bush talks mostly about increasing supply through more oil drilling in places like Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge . "  I 've proposed to the Congress that they open up ANWR , open up the Continental Shelf , and give this country a chance to help us through this difficult period by finding more supplies of crude oil , which will take the pressure off the price of gasoline , " Bush said Monday . Watch how Congress could affect gas prices " But Democrats like House Speaker Nancy Pelosi are vehemently opposed to increasing production on environmental grounds , so the president 's plan has virtually no chance of passage in the current Congress . In turn , Democrats talk mostly about lowering demand for gasoline through research into alternative fuels -- something the president talks about too -- and more funds for mass transit . "  It 's got to involve investing in alternative fuels , so that we can have some alternatives to gas and significant investment in public transit , " Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine , a key supporter of Barack Obama 's presidential bid , said Sunday . These types of plans will take a long time to implement , so no quick fix there either . And with the federal government now more than $ 9 trillion in debt , where would Congress find the money to pour into public transit and research into alternative fuels ? With the parties deeply divided on solutions , it 's not surprising that last week a Senate bill requiring major cuts in greenhouse-gas emissions failed . Only 48 of 100 senators voted for it amid charges by White House press secretary Dana Perino that the bill would have a devastating impact on the economy and thus might not really help cut the price in gasoline . But six absent senators , including Obama and Republican John McCain , said they would have voted yes to end debate and move forward on the bill . That led some in Congress to declare that Congress will have the momentum to take action next year on reducing America 's dependence on foreign oil . All that means , however , is that there 's optimism the next president might be able to find an energy compromise in 2009 . In other words , do n't expect any help from Washington any time soon .	Bush has proposed increasing the supply ; Dems propose reducing demand Some Dems oppose increasing production for environmental reasons They propose research into alternative fuels , funds for mass transit Those plans would be costly and would take a long time to implement
CNN  -- The Archdiocese of Seattle has settled 30 claims of sexual abuse that were filed against the archdiocese and members of the Christian Brothers religious order , the archdiocese announced Tuesday . Members of the Christian Brothers were accused of sexually abusing boys at two schools the order operated : the Briscoe School , a boarding and day school for boys in the Kent Valley , beginning in 1914 , and O'Dea High School from 1923 , the archdiocese said . The archdiocese and lawyers for the complainants said the settlement was for $ 12.1 million . Some of the cases are almost 60 years old and the most recent cases are nearly 30 years old , the archdiocese said . "  I deeply regret the pain suffered by these victims , " Archbishop J. Peter Sartain said . "  Our hope is that this settlement will bring them closure and allow them to continue the process of healing . " Lawyers for the complainants , Michael T. Pfau and Jason P. Amala , said the archdiocese and the Christian Brothers failed to protect the boys from known abusers . The lawyers said in a statement that 11 of the men were abused by a former O'Dea teacher who 'd been removed from four other schools where he had abused children . The lawyers said one student 's family complained about the teacher in 1974 to the school vice principal , who said the situation would be handled . However , the teacher was not removed until 1978 , even though O'Dea officials kept receiving complaints from other families , the lawyers said . Pfau and Amala said they have settled more than 75 claims against the Christian Brothers and the Seattle Archdiocese for more than $ 35 million during the last decade .	Seattle Archdiocese settles 30 sex-abuse cases The abuse occurred at 2 schools operated by the Christian Brothers Lawyers said abusive priests were left on the job despite complaints
CNN  -- What 's in the coffee in Canada ? Apparently something that 's making a few folks pretty generous . At least six times this week , customers at Tim Hortons restaurants have paid for their own cups of coffee and cups of brew for the next 500 or more people in line , according to media reports . The first 500 free javas were gifts of an anonymous donor at a Tim Hortons in downtown Edmonton , Alberta , on Monday , CTV reported . A man in his 20s bought a double-double and a doughnut and told the clerk to put the next 500 large coffees on his debit card , according to the report . "  The staff was  thinking maybe he was so blessed that he wanted to share his blessing , or maybe he won the lotto or something , " store manager Joanne Averion told CTV . The act has been repeated five times since , in Calgary , Alberta , on Tuesday , and in Red Deer , Alberta , and Ottawa on Thursday , and two more times again in Edmonton on Thursday , according to the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. . The last case is the only one where the coffee donor has taken credit . Monica Kavanaugh bought 800 cups at the Tim Hortons in Edmonton 's Royal Alexandra Hospital on Thursday . "  It 's a way to give back , " Kavanaugh told the CBC . "  They 've  hospital staff  helped my father a lot , and I just feel , why not give a little back to the hospital ? " Earlier Thursday , someone paid for the next 500 cups at the hospital Hortons . It 's all great business for Tim Hortons , but the company says it 's serendipity , not a marketing stunt . "  As brilliant as this is , I can assure that Tim Hortons has nothing to do with the Good Samaritans that have been purchasing coffees across the country , " Tim Hortons representative Michelle Robichaud told CTV . "  We 're just as surprised and thrilled as our guests have been by these incredible random acts of kindness , " the CBC quoted Robichaud as saying . "  Our only role is really in pouring the cups of coffee . "	Six times this week , donors buy coffee for more than 500 Gifts were at Tim Hortons restaurants across Canada Chain says this generosity is not a marketing gimmick
CNN  -- It may have been a simple misunderstanding that led to a horrific lynching . On October 5 , four University of Port Harcourt students , Chiadika Biringa , Ugonna Obuzor , Lloyd Toku , and Tekena Elkanah left campus for the village of Aluu . According to Biringa 's mother Chinwe , Obuzor was owed some money and he asked his three classmates to accompany him to the village to collect on the debt . Within minutes of their arrival , a rumor spread that the students were not there to collect but to steal . An enraged mob stripped them naked while beating them with sticks and rocks then wrapped car tires around their necks -- a form of torture known as "  necklacing . " As the four men sat on the muddy ground dazed and pleading for their lives , someone doused them with gasoline , lit a match and set them on fire . More : iReporters demand justice over brutal murders The killing of the "  Aluu four " was filmed and posted on the web for the world to see and now serves as a stark reminder of what can happen when the rule of law fails and communities turn to vigilante groups to carry out summary executions of criminal suspects , said Eric Guttschuss , Nigeria researcher at Human Rights Watch . "  Vigilante justice and mob justice generally takes place when there is a culture of impunity for crimes and in Nigeria , the Nigerian authorities have failed to crack down on this culture of impunity , " Guttschuss told CNN . Mob justice is not unique to Nigeria and it would be unfair to characterize it as such . One infamous lynching in particular shocked the world and helped to spark the civil rights movement in the United States . In August 1955 , 14-year-old Emmett Till was beaten , his eyes gouged and shot in the head . His body was then thrown in the Tallahatchie River with a 70-pound cotton gin tied around his neck with barbed wire . His crime ? Allegedly whistling at a white woman . Till 's mother insisted on a public funeral service with an open casket showing the horribly mutilated and bloated body of her child so that the world would see the brutality of the lynching . Chiadika Biringa 's mother felt the same way when CNN approached her to talk about her son 's killing . "  I want the world to know how our security failed us . I want the world to know that my son and his three friends are innocent of what they said they did , " Biringa said . According to news reports , the village of Aluu was on edge after several incidences of armed robbery -- and in a country where critics say corrupt police are sometimes considered more dangerous than criminals , mob justice is how many disputes ranging from pick-pocketing to kidnapping are often resolved . But Chinewe Biringa says her son and his friends were just innocent kids . "  He was a very kind hearted boy and we  were  so close , " she said . "  If my son sees you 100 times he will greet you 110 times . " Biringa says the boys also had promising futures in music . They had already recorded a song together called "  Ai n't No Love in the City " -- a title she now says seems eerily like a premonition of what came to pass . "  It 's almost as if they knew they were going to die , " Biringa said . Biringa and her husband , Steven , an oil executive at Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation  NNPC  , says that he watched the video because he would n't have believed it if he had n't seen his son 's killing with his own eyes . "  I want them to know from beginning to end the barbaric nature with which they chose hunt them down , " he said . "  Even your worse enemy should not be treated in such form in the 21st century that people are still behaving and killing human beings as if they were rats . " The Nigerian police have arrested 13 people and , shockingly , one police officer who was on the scene and may have encouraged and even participated in the killing . While that officer is awaiting trial , the Nigerian police force has denied broader charges of rampant corruption and abuse . Spokesman Frank Mba says while Nigeria 's police is not perfect , the police "  are committed to improving our competency through training and retraining and to improve our service , deliver to protect law and order and to stabilize democracy in Africa 's largest country . " Guttschuss says it is not enough . He told CNN : "  Generally if you are the victim of a crime and you go to the police , you are asked to fund the criminal investigation . If you do n't have the money to fund it and meet the incessant bribe to the police the case is often dropped . On the other hand , the criminal suspect , if he or she has the financial means , can simply pay off the police . " This is why these extrajudicial executions are still all too common across Nigeria . It is impossible to find official statistics , but a quick search of the words in YouTube pulls up dozens of clips showing what happens to someone accused of crime when a mob sets themselves up as judge and jury . This incident however , has seemingly galvanized the public . There are petitions and websites springing up to raise awareness of the issue and to pressure government and police officials . But many also say there are already laws against assault and murder which , when it comes down to it , is what mob justice is all about . For things to change , they say , the culture has to change . Chinwe Biringa believes her son is now a martyr , and hopes that his lynching will lead to change -- much in the way that Emmett Till 's killing did . "  If justice is done , then I will be happy , " she said . "  Because I know my son died a hero . He paid the price for Nigerian students in generations to come . " At least 11 killed in suicide attacks on church at Nigerian military base	Misunderstanding may have led to four Nigerian students being killed by mob "  Mob justice " is reportedly how many disputes are resolved in Africa 's most populous country Rights group : Nigerian authorities failing to crack down on culture of impunity Police officer allegedly among the mob that killed the four students
CNN  -- While most parts of the country grapple with massive job loss and a deficit in new jobs , the South is faring a bit better . Hundreds stand in line at the Miami Dade College Mega Job Fair 2009 in Florida . The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that in December the South recorded one of the lowest unemployment rates in the country at 7 percent . According to Careerbuilder.com , the nation 's largest online job site , the South continues to see growth in the oil and gas industries which means more job opportunities in related fields like engineering . As an attractive destination for senior citizens , the South is also a hot spot for those seeking employment in the health care field or industries that cater to older populations . Education also continues to be an area that many consider "  recession-proof . " CNN affiliates in the South report there is hope for those seeking jobs at job fairs which are drawing big crowds . Charlotte , North Carolina In a competitive market , job seekers have to be creative and some are turning to Twitter to give them an edge . The Web site TweetMyJobs.com is an online service that couples the social networking capacity of Twitter with more traditional online job-search services . "  Pick a location and job type you are interested in -- you subscribe to that . Any time a new job comes out on TweetMyJobs.com , it will automatically be sent to your cell phone , " Web site developer Gary Zukowski told News 14 Carolina . Read what developer told News 14 Carolina about the site Antwon Keith , Mecklenburg County employment security commission manager , said that such an instantaneous job alert may be just what job seekers need to stay ahead of other applicants . His concern , he told the station , was that older applicants , who are currently flooding his office , may have a difficult time utilizing the online site . Hope for those in the financial sector There is an expectation that some financial services companies in Charlotte will be hiring soon , a possible bright spot for those laid off from companies like Bank of America and Wachovia . Robert Half International conducts a hiring survey every three months and told WCNC that while some companies are planning reductions due to the economy , others will add staff . "  As companies have contracted and realized that their staff may be smaller than they like , they 've been looking at the idea of possibly bringing in more talent , " Michael Steinitz of Robert Half International said . "  And it 's actually a really good time to improve your talent pool and make sure you have the best people on your staff . " Read about the hopeful survey Winston-Salem , North Carolina Many area residents are n't just looking forward to the summer for the warm weather . They are also looking forward to the baseball season which is slated to bring new jobs . The Winston-Salem Dash baseball team has openings for batboys , ushers , attendants and other hourly positions . Read about resident 's excitement over the ballpark jobs Competition for the 150 positions has been fierce , especially since seasonal workers from last year have also been applying to regain their former jobs . Job seeker Akila Covington told the news channel that she has not worked in a long time and she hoped to land one of the positions to help provide for her family . "  I need this job badly , " she said . "  I was working at US Airways last year and lost my job , so I 've been out almost a year and most definitely , yeah , need the job . " Even those lucky enough to score a position wo n't begin immediately . Workers wo n't start until the new ballpark is completed and that date is still tentative , officials told WXII 12 News . Miami , Florida More than 1,000 Floridians stood in line to meet recruiters for the second day of a job fair held at Miami-Dade College 's North Campus . Held March 3-4 , the number of recruiters present was fewer than years past , but those on hand told local station WPLG there were jobs for qualified applicants . Many of the job-far companies were members of "  recession-proof fields " like nursing , education and public safety . Read about the employers that attended the job fair Even Walt Disney World , which shed 5 percent of its workforce and offered buyouts to hundreds of its employees , was represented . "  There are still jobs there and it 's a very fun program , " Dayo Graham , a Disney recruiter , told WPLG . The thought of available jobs was very comforting to attendees like applicant Alex Barrino who told the WPLG it 's been difficult being unemployed . "  It 's been six-and-a-half months , " Barrio said . "  I 've been looking for a job and it 's getting ridiculous . "	The South is not as hard hit with unemployment Careerbuilder.com : Oil , gas and health care industries continue to grow CNN affiliates report jobs are available and seekers are flocking
Mental Floss  -- When it comes to parasites , it 's all about perspective . You may call a lifetime of growing and feeding off another organism lazy , but we call it opportunistic . In fact , these life-sucking go-getters have managed to carve out some of the most ingenious survival strategies in the world . This snapper refused comment when asked if he still had a tongue . 1 . Cymothoa exigua : Biting your tongue , so you do n't have to When fish mommies want to strike fear in the hearts of their misbehaving fish babies , we suspect they draw on the chilling animal savagery of the Cymothoa exigua . As a youngster , this nasty little parasitic crustacean begins a life of terror by fighting its way through the gills of its fish host of choice , the snapper . Once there , it attaches itself to the fish 's tongue and begins feeding on the rich blood pumping through the artery underneath . As the parasite grows , it drinks more blood and eventually causes the tongue to atrophy and disintegrate . But does the Cymothoa mouth-squatter leave its fishy friend tongueless ? Of course not . It does what any crafty parasite would do and replaces the old tongue with its own body . The fish is actually able to use the parasite just like a normal tongue , only it has to share all the food with its new friend . Yes , the whole foster-tongue thing seems like a pretty nice gesture on the part of ol' Cymothoa -- until you remember there was nothing wrong with the fish 's old tongue in the first place . 2 . Sacculina carcini : Reasons you should n't pick up a hitchhiker If you ever have a choice between being possessed by the devil and being possessed by a Sacculina carcini , opt for the devil -- no contest . A female sacculina begins life as a tiny free-floating slug in the sea , drifting around until she encounters a crab . When that fateful day arrives , she finds a chink in the crab 's armor  usually an elbow or leg joint  and thrusts a kind of hollow dagger into its body . After that , she  how to put this ?  "  injects " herself into the crab , sluicing through the dagger and leaving behind a husk . Once inside , the jellylike sacculina starts to take over . She grows "  roots " that extend to every part of the crab 's body -- wrapping around its eyestalks and deep into its legs and arms . The female feeds and grows until eventually she pops out the top of the crab , and from this knobby protrusion , she will steer the Good Ship Unlucky Crab for the rest of their commingled life . Packed full of parasite , the crab will forgo its own needs to serve those of its master . It wo n't molt , grow reproductive organs , or attempt to reproduce . It wo n't even regrow appendages , as healthy crabs can . Rather than waste the nutrients on itself , a host crab will hobble along and continue to look for food with which to feed its parasite master . 3 . Filarial Worms : Proof you need thicker skin Filarial worms are the nasty little suckers you can thank for lymphatic filariasis , which , according to the Pacific Program to Eliminate Lymphatic Filariasis , is the second-leading cause of permanent and long-term disability in the world .  Mental illness is No. 1 . Filarial worms are round , thread-like parasites that travel from human to human via that harbinger of disease transmission , the mosquito . How do they make the leap of host ? In an interesting  if scary  example of parasite ingenuity , filarial worm embryos living underneath the skin can sense the onset of night , which is their cue to head upward to the skin 's surface in order to increase their chances of being picked up by a passing ` skeeter . Should they get sucked up , they grow into larvae within the mosquito 's muscle fibers and then get themselves injected into new hosts . Once they 've returned to a human home , they open up a franchise in the family business -- Wreaking Havoc . Filaria often lodge in the body 's lymphatic system , where they can inflict any number of torturous symptoms , not the least of which involves carting your genitals off to the elephantiasis clinic in a wheelbarrow . 4 . Guinea Worms : Exposing parts nobody wants to see Where there are guinea worms , there is Guinea Worm Disease -- and that 's usually in Africa . When a human consumes water contaminated with guinea worms , the little buggers infiltrate their host 's intestinal walls and commence mating . After conception , the males die off , and the females hang around for about a year , growing and eating . Eventually , these slender ladies get bored and decide they need to lay some eggs . To do so , they make their way down the body to the lower extremities , where they bore a small hole through the skin . The resulting lesion begins to fester and burn , which usually leads the host to plunge his or her foot into a soothing bucket of water .  Of course , in areas where an entire village shares a single water source , this helps spread the infection . Unfortunately for the sufferer , the water does n't solve the problem of having a three-foot female worm dangling its genitalia out of your foot . And to complicate matters , if you yank on that sucker , it 'll break apart and could cause a fatal infection . So how do you rid yourself of the not-so-little hitchhiker ? You go see a doctor , who -- over the course of three or four weeks -- will kindly wind the worm around a stick , inch by agonizing inch . Not the most pleasant method , but certainly a proven one . This cure for a guinea worm infection has been around so long , some believe it 's where we get the snakes-around-a-staff symbol for medicine . 5 . Leucochloridium paradoxum : Parasite for sore eyes Prepare to be dazzled . This parasite 's got a life cycle more mind-bending and chilling than an M. Night Shyamalan film . Leucochloridium paradoxum are a type of fluke  a.k.a. , parasitic flatworm  that prey on birds -- a fascinating turn of events considering they begin their lives as eggs in bird droppings . Thus , the problem facing baby Leucochloridium paradoxum is , "  How do I get myself back into one of those feathery things ? " Taking a page from Greek history , the infant flatworms rely on Trojan trickery . First , they hang out in the droppings until a snail happens along and eats the bird dung . Then they initiate their devious plan of action by taking up residence in the snail 's eyestalks .  Sure , it sounds slimy and gross to us , but after a childhood spent living in bird feces , it 's a step up . As they mature , the flukes become visible through the snail 's translucent skin . And that 's when things really get interesting . To a bird , this fluke-filled eyestalk looks like a caterpillar . So the bird devours the stalk and ends up with a bellyful of Leucochloridium paradoxum that will , of course , lay eggs and begin the cycle again . Meanwhile , the snail shakes its head , shops for an eye patch , and vows never to eat feces again . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Cymothoa exigua destroys fish 's tongue Sacculina carcini turns victim into zombie Guinea Worms can only be removed inch-by-inch Filarial Worms are second-leading cause of permanent disability
London  CNN  -- Diehard supporters , tourists and the curious swamped pockets of left-wing protesters to bid farewell to former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in London Wednesday . In scenes that echoed the divisions Thatcher drove through Britain as she transformed the economy and society during the 1980s , people of all social classes lined the route from the Palace of Westminster to St. Paul 's , some to pay tribute , some to condemn and many just to get up close to a spectacular state occasion . Hours before the ceremony began , the crowds were already five or six deep in some places ; thousands crammed onto the sidewalk alongside souvenir shops and cafes opposite the cathedral -- for centuries a symbol of London and the site of historic moments in the life of the city , from the Blitz to the Royal Wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana to the Occupy protests . Many of the onlookers were smartly dressed , their dark outfits echoing the formal suits of the "  official " mourners ; others carried Union Jacks , photographs of the "  Iron Lady " and fold-up picnic chairs , giving the somber occasion a somewhat festive air . Follow live updates of the funeral of former UK PM Margaret Thatcher "  I had to be here , " said Ian Twinn , a child of the Thatcher era , originally from Essex in eastern England , who traveled from his home in New York especially for the funeral . He typified the sort of person for whom Thatcher 's legacy of free-market economics and individuality had the greatest impact . "  I was a boy in the 1980s . Rightly or wrongly , she changed the landscape of the UK forever , and she made me feel I could do anything , " said Twinn . "  We have n't seen anybody like her since -- on either side of the Atlantic . " For Jacqueline Lawrie , from London , who met Thatcher several times in the 1980s while working as a photographer on the local paper in her constituency , Britain 's first female PM was a huge influence . "  She was a real inspiration for women -- she made us feel we could achieve anything we wanted to , " Lawrie said . Fellow Londoner Catherine Bingham agreed : "  She did so much to show women that there is n't a glass ceiling . " While the majority of those in the crowds were old enough to remember Thatcher 's era well , younger mourners were also on hand to pay tribute . "  She had a really good attitude and did n't let anything stand in her way , " said Alistair Brockbanks , who was just four years old when Thatcher left Downing Street for the last time , "  I think she 's quite inspirational to people . " Rewriting history : How UK might have been without Thatcher Iain McGill , from Edinburgh , said Thatcher "  showed the value , the power of ideas . She changed the lives of tens of millions of people for the better , she defeated Communism . She changed the world , not down the barrel of a gun but through ideas . " But others in the crowd felt Thatcher 's 11 years in power had left the UK a less positive legacy . At Ludgate Circus on the approach to St. Paul 's , a crowd of about 100 protesters waved placards , rainbow-hued "  Peace " flags and signs reading "  Tory Scum , " "  Anarchists Against Thatcher " and "  Respect is earned in life , not death " as the Union Jack-draped coffin , topped with an opulent arrangement of cream roses , passed by on a gun carriage . Rowland , from London , was among those waving Socialist Worker placards reading : "  We remember : The miners , Falklands , Poll Tax , Bobby Sands . Now bury Thatcherism , " a summing up of the coal battles , the Falklands Conflict , a hated tax based on homes and an Irish Republican Army convict who died on hunger strike . "  I 'm not here to celebrate Thatcher 's death , which I think some are , " he insisted . "  I 'm here because this should n't have been a state funeral . David Cameron and others have tried to present this as a moment of state unity , but she 's not a unifying figure -- the ideas she represents are continuing to do great harm to the country . " London 's police , well used to running security in a city where the pomp and ceremony of royal and state occasions is a feature of life , had warned protesters to exercise carefully their right to object to what Thatcher stood for . Turning their backs on the military procession carrying Thatcher 's casket was acceptable ; yelling obscenities and throwing objects was not . Even some of the protesters were of a very British kind : Polite to a fault . "  Rest in Peace , but Kindness is better than Greed , " read one sign , carried by James Wilkinson , from London . ` Hurt and anger ' from Thatcher policies still felt "  It 's a protest , but a mild one , " he explained . "  I really wanted to see the spectacle , I admit that , but I thought if I came , I had to show that I 'm no fan of Margaret Thatcher . I did n't think she warranted such an occasion . " Many of those who lined the streets in tribute to the former PM said they understood that she was a polarizing figure . "  Whether you like someone or not , and whether you like what they did or not , you have to be respectful , " said Lionel Voke , an activist in the Conservative Party that the "  Iron Lady " led to three election victories . "  We 're here out of respect -- to us , she was wonderful . I accept that not everyone sees it the same way , but it 's the same if Tony Blair died . I would n't necessarily come , but I 'd expect him to be treated with respect , and I 'd want him to rest in peace . " Blair led the reformed Labour Party to victory over the Conservatives in 1997 , seven years after Thatcher was unceremoniously bundled out of office in a political coup by her colleagues . He was among the mourners at the funeral , a reminder that she saw the adoption of free market economic policies by the rival Labour Party as perhaps her greatest achievement -- an orthodoxy few in the political mainstream challenge despite the banking crisis and a lengthy recession . "  People have a right to have their say , and they did that on Saturday at their protests , but I do n't think you should interrupt people 's grief -- this is a family which has lost their mother , their grandmother , " said Ian Twinn . Others were clearly angered by the presence of what they saw as an "  obnoxious and tasteless " protest , with mutterings of "  no respect , " and "  put them on the front line ! " spreading through the crowd . But one of those demonstrating against Thatcher 's legacy , Ben , from London , said he had thought carefully about the wording of his banner : "  RIP : Regulated finance industry , fair taxes , communities , the great British mining industry , free milk for schoolkids , " because "  I did n't want to be insulting or disrespectful . " Thatcher : Revered and reviled , in death as in life And for the most part , the boos and chants were drowned out by ordinary members of the public who came to bid farewell to a woman who transformed Britain and , in some cases , their own lives . "  We know what the UK was like before 1979 and it was n't pleasant , " said Voke . "  I started my own business in the 1970s , and it thrived in the '80s -- I credit Margaret Thatcher for that . " That was a sentiment echoed by Fred Ehrlich , a "  great admirer " of Thatcher , who moved to the UK from his native Germany in 1957 . "  She was just what this country needed . Before she came along , in the 1970s , it was awful here , they used to call it ` the sick man of Europe , ' but she changed all that . " The funeral -- officially ceremonial rather than a state occasion in a distinction invisible to all but the most pedantic royal watcher -- was the first for a former prime minister and war leader since Winston Churchill 's body was borne along the same route a generation ago . In recognition of her role in the Falklands conflict with Argentina in the early 1980s , pall-bearers from each of the UK 's armed services carried Thatcher 's coffin into the cathedral , having escorted it from the official church of the Royal Air Force . Retired RAF serviceman David Tindall , from Kent in southeastern England , was one of many former armed forces personnel there "  to pay my respects to a lady I thought was the greatest prime minister since Churchill . " While for many the day was a somber one , for Katherine Mills , from London , it was a positive occasion . "  I do n't really do funerals , but for her , I thought I should come along . It feels like a celebration , " she said . "  It 's like the changing of the guard ; we 've moved into a different season with her passing . It 's not a sad occasion -- she had had an amazing life . " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Supporters turn out to honor the "  Iron Lady " at her funeral at London 's St Paul 's Cathedral Small bands of protesters also turn out to mark Margaret Thatcher 's divisive legacy Thatcher fans lining route drown out boos with spontaneous applause , cheering Funeral is the biggest for a UK politician since Winston Churchill 's farewell in 1965
CNN  -- Slain attorney Chiquita Tate was such a believer in the legal system that she had a tattoo of Lady Justice on her back , college friend T. J. Crawford recalled . Chiquita Tate was in the midde of a high-profile murder trial when she was stabbed to death in her law office . "  She just had an attachment to justice and doing what 's right by people . She was always very serious about that , " said Crawford , a teacher and community organizer in Chicago , Illinois . But Tate , described by colleagues as a tenacious defense attorney who fought for her clients , could not save herself . Family members and friends in Chicago ; Atlanta , Georgia , and Tate 's adopted home -- tiny Baker , Louisiana -- are reeling from the grisly details of Tate 's slaying , and police say it was at the hands of her husband , Greg Harris . They had been married about 14 1/2 months . Harris , 37 , is in custody , accused of stabbing Tate to death . He is charged with second-degree murder and the illegal use of a dangerous weapon . A judge last week set his bond at $ 500,000 . In a phone interview with CNN , Harris ' attorney , Lewis Unglesby , said police have the wrong man . "  Greg Harris by all accounts ... is innocent . I do n't know anybody that thinks he did it , except the police , " Uglesby said . "  There 's nothing in his background . He has cooperated completely with the police ; he 's signed everything they 've asked him to sign . He 's let them search his house , his car . " Tate , 34 , had started her own law firm in downtown Baton Rouge , Louisiana , and was doing well , family and acquaintances said . "  She was up and coming , " said Cpl. L'Jean McKneely , a police spokesman in Baton Rouge . Tate was representing a defendant in a high-profile murder trial when , police say , she became a homicide victim herself . Her body was found inside her law office on February 20 . Tate was stabbed 38 times , according to a police warrant for Harris ' arrest obtained by CNN . While questioning Harris about Tate 's death , police discovered an outstanding warrant for him in connection with a battery-domestic violence case . It stemmed from a December 22 , 2007 , incident at the couple 's home . Harris was accused of using "  force and violence " against Tate , according to Baker City Court records . The court said Harris entered a not guilty plea on March 6 , 2008 , but did not appear for a May 8 pretrial conference . A warrant was issued for his arrest for contempt of court . When Tate met Harris in late 2007 , she fell for him , head over heels , said East Baton Rouge Parish Juvenile Court Judge Pam Taylor Johnson , Tate 's mentor and former boss . "  She came in my office one day : ' I met the most wonderful guy ! I need you to perform our marriage -- tomorrow , ' " Johnson recalled Tate gleefully telling her . "  I told her she had to wait three days , " as required by Louisiana law , Johnson added . Tate did wait a bit . The couple 's marriage license is dated January 10 , 2008 , just two and a half weeks after the domestic violence report from Baker police . They married on February 8 , their marriage license shows . Only the couple 's immediate family members and two friends attended the ceremony at Green Chapel in Baton Rouge , said Tate 's friend Shawn Collins , who was one of those on hand for the wedding . Neighbors in suburban Baker said the couple seemed to settle into a good life in their home on Charry Drive . Baker , population 13,000 , was one of the cities that absorbed hundreds of families from the FEMA trailer homes after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . The last families housed in Baker moved out last spring . Neighbors recalled seeing Tate frequently driving down the street in her late-model Hummer and Harris steering a Mercedes . Ethan Koobs , who lives across the street from the couple , said Tate was a "  really nice lady , very upper-class , presented herself very well . " Koobs said he did n't see any discontent in the couple 's lives . "  They seemed like a pleasant couple , just real nice , " said neighbor Don Patton , who lives two houses down . "  They kept their house and their lawn very nice . " He recalled the couple 's concern for their neighbors after Hurricane Gustav , which raked south Louisiana on September 1 , 2008 , before petering out in southeast Texas . It knocked out power to 1.5 million homes in southern Louisiana , and thousands of homes were damaged by the wind . Harris , a carpenter , found his skills useful . " -LSB- Harris -RSB- was just generally concerned about everybody 's well-being , " Patton said . "  We 'd huddle in the street and he 'd ask if anybody needed anything . " The couple helped their neighbors rebuild . But the warrant for Harris ' arrest in the murder case revealed a fracture in the marriage . Tate was "  planning on divorcing the defendant due to marital problems " and had leased her own apartment , the warrant stated . As far as their friends were concerned , there was no trouble in the marriage and Tate appeared to be a doting wife . She also enjoyed battling it out on behalf of her clients in the courtroom . Tate , who was raised with six siblings , was tenacious even as a youngster , recalled childhood friend Ursula Bryant-Hill . "  She was always strong-willed and she analyzed everything . Everybody told her ` You 'd be a good lawyer , ' " said Bryant-Hill , of Hueytown , Alabama . "  If you knew Chiquita when she was growing up in Baton Rouge , she was always cautious about who she let in her intimate setting . ` Watch your surroundings , ' that 's how she was , " Bryant-Hill added . Upon graduation from college , Tate worked briefly as a legislative secretary , recording minutes at Atlanta City Council meetings . But she longed to return home to Louisiana to attend law school at Southern University . "  When she told me she was in law school , I screamed , " Bryant-Hill said . Her friend , Juvenile Court Judge Johnson , said Tate lived by one creed : Justice for all , especially for those more vulnerable in society . "  I could n't get her to accept the fact that ` things happen . ' I told her some things you ca n't change -LSB- about the system -RSB- , but it is our duty to see if we can equalize things , " Johnson said . Tate is remembered as someone who fought tirelessly for what she believed in . Now her loved ones hope the legal system will work for her . The days have been long for Tate 's family . Asked how she has been coping , Denita Tate , the victim 's sister , said , "  I 'm not . It 's harder every day . " "  We want closure with our family and with our sister , and we want justice , " Denita Tate said .	Chiquita Tate found killed in her Louisiana law office on February 20 Her husband , Greg Harris , being held as slaying suspect Tate was in middle of high-profile murder trial and was trying to leave husband Police found 2007 warrant for Harris related to domestic violence case
EW.com  -- John Corbett is the new "  NCIS " franchise star . The "  United States of Tara " actor has landed a lead role in CBS ' "  NCIS : LA "  spinoff . EW.com : ` NCIS : LA ' scoop : Peter Cambor to return He 'll play a member of a small mobile group of agents called the Red Team , who are forced to live and work together as they crisscross the country solving crimes . Corbett 's character is Roy Quaid , a former NCIS Special Agent forced to retire from active service , Roy now works as an Analyst . While no longer an active agent , Roy is the most experienced investigator working for Red Team , a fact that 's not lost on any of the other agents . The pilot episode will air as a special "  NCIS : LA " episode later this season  yes , it 's a spinoff of a spinoff !  . EW.com : ABC orders crime scene reality show from ` CSI ' creator Corbett 's breakout role was on another CBS hit series , 1990 $  s "  Northern Exposure , " and he recently had an arc on NBC 's "  Parenthood . " He also starred in the 2003 FX series "  Lucky . " If greenlit to series , this could practically give Corbett a TV gig for life given the durability of the hit franchise  but no pressure !  . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	John Corbett has landed a lead role in a "  NCIS : LA " spinoff He 'll play a former NCIS Special Agent who now works as an Analyst The pilot will air as a special "  NCIS : LA " episode later this season
CNN  -- Whether you 're into baseball or backgammon , Harry Potter or heavy metal , Ning has an online network for you . Gina Bianchini , CEO of Ning , says her site brings together people with common interest and passions . A fast-growing , free Web site launched two years ago , Ning lets members custom build their own social-networking platforms based around their passions and pastimes . As Facebook and MySpace connect people to friends and family , Ning gathers users around common interests . The site hosts networks for hip-hop music lovers , video gaming moms and teens obsessed with the Twilight book and movie franchise . Other popular Ning networks bring people together online for political and social causes such as "  Pickens ' Plan , " which advocates wind energy . Ning had 4.7 million unique visitors as of January and surpassed 1 million social networks -- about one-fifth of them considered active -- last month . Ning also enhanced its site in March with new features such as a real-time activity feed so users can get up-to-the-minute reports -- not unlike Twitter 's tweets -- about what others are doing . CNN spoke recently to Ning CEO Gina Bianchini , a Silicon Valley native and former Goldman Sachs analyst , about the company and the future of social networking . Watch Bianchini chat about Ning " CNN : Where did this idea for Ning come from ? Bianchini : We really started with a very simple premise . What if you gave people the opportunity to create their own social experiences for their own unique passions/topics/interest ? We started on the ground floor to build it in such a way that it can be customized and programmed and made truly unique for each individual . I believe the most powerful ideas are the most simple . CNN : What is the mission of Ning ? Bianchini : It 's a way to get people to organize and get people to meet around their passions . CNN : Did any specific Web sites or companies inspire you to create Ning ? Bianchini : We were really inspired by the first wave of Internet companies truly native to the Web like Craigslist and eBay . They were really around people connecting to other people . They were really about the Internet connecting people to each other . It 's completely unique to the Internet -- you ca n't do it via television or newspapers . CNN : Did you expect the idea of connecting people though common interests to be so successful ? Bianchini : Social behavior is really what people want to do online . It was clear for the rapid adoption of social networking in general that it is very much the case . CNN : What are some of the interesting social networks on Ning ? Bianchini : There are 200,000 social networks are active right now , and they are across tens of thousands of unique passions . There is a network called ` This is 50 . ' It 's like a hip hop TMZ . Another is the ` Pickens ' Plan . ' It 's a way they are organizing more than 200,000 people around wind-energy policy . There is another one for cricket , specifically Indian cricket , which has added half a million people in the last two and a half weeks . There is another about the Twilight saga for teens . So it ranges from 50 Cent to teens talking about Twilight to serious adults looking at how to make changes in government policy . That 's the power of the Internet and the power of connecting people . CNN : What do you attribute to the growth of Ning ? Bianchini : What 's fundamental in the adoption of Ning is that people are unique . They have unique interest and passion and they like having a contact for that experience and for their identity . CNN : What makes Ning different from other social-networking sites ? Bianchini : It 's focused on providing the -LSB- means for -RSB- people to create new social networks around their interests and passions and connect new people around those passions . We think that 's a very critical element of organization . The Facebook phenomenon connects you to people you already know and Twitter is amazing for news and real-time events . What we see with people who gravitate to Ning is meeting new people with similar interests . CNN : How can Ning be useful to organizations or corporations ? Bianchini : When you can bring people together around a common cause there is incredible potential to do fundraising and to organize volunteers . CNN : How does your site make money ? Bianchini : If you want to add a feature like making your own domain , you can pay a la carte for options . On the free service there are ads contextual to what the network is . CNN : What are your thoughts on the future of social networking ? Bianchini : Niche social networking sites are absolutely something people want to do . People clearly want to do this ... -LSB- and -RSB- as people get more comfortable with social networking via Facebook , Twitter , they will look around and say , ' I want a social network for this particular group . ' CNN : What are some of your company 's goals in the future ? Bianchini : We are really focused on making our service perfect for people who come to meet new people . We 're growing really rapidly and we 're seeing a lot of interest and new people joining social networks .	CNN talks to Gina Bianchini , CEO of Ning , a fast-growing Web site Ning lets people with common interests gather around niche social networks The site boasts more than 1 million social networks -- some 200,000 of them active In March , the site added a real-time activity feed to help users stay updated
A guard was freed Thursday night after being held hostage by inmates at a South Carolina maximum-security prison for almost five hours , authorities said . The incident occurred at Lee Correctional Institute in Bishopville , a prison where another guard was held hostage in June . Bishopville is about 55 miles west of the capital , Columbia . The incident started just before 5 p.m. ET in the prison 's Chesterville dormitory , said Clark Newsom , a public information officer for the South Carolina Department of Corrections . The guard , who was not identified , was rescued just before 10 p.m. by a large number of officers , Newsom said . He suffered cuts to his head and arm but was able to walk out of the prison after he was freed . The guard was then airlifted to a hospital , mainly as a precaution , Newsom said . The inmates involved surrendered and the incident is under investigation , CNN affiliate WLTX reported . In June , a different guard at the facility , which holds about 1,200 prisoners , was held hostage for several hours before being freed . Lee Correctional Institute is a Level 3 or maximum-security prison "  designed primarily to house violent offenders with longer sentences , and inmates who exhibit behavioral problems , " according to the Corrections Department website . "  Oh yes , we are looking into security issues , we always do , " Newsom said . "  This is a maximum-security facility where the toughest of the tough are kept . These kinds of things happen no matter what you do . " In June : South Carolina prison guard rescued	Guard suffered cuts , was able to walk out of the prison after his rescue , official says "  We are looking into security issues , " a corrections spokesman says The incident started just before 5 p.m. ET Thursday at Lee Correctional Institute In June , a guard was held hostage for several hours at the same prison before being freed
CNN  -- This month on Quest , a modern insight into our enduring bond with man 's best friend ... the humble dog . Singer Joss Stone tells Quest why dogs are a girl 's best friend . When humans blossomed from the evolutionary tree , it seems there was a cold wet nose and a wagging tail waiting for us . So it remains to this day , that we need dogs and they need us . Americans alone now spend $ 41 billion a year on their pets , more than the gross domestic product of all but 64 countries in the world . Quest begins his journey in Los Angeles where pampered pooches are the ultimate accessory . It 's the city that caters for a dog 's every whim , from spa treatments to doggy bakeries . Some mutts are not so lucky -- Quest joins actress Allison Janney at the New Leash On Life dog rescue center , where the doe-eyed inmates wait for adoption . It is here where Quest encounters Belle , a shy , docile pit bull/boxer mix with a troubled past . They say every dog has its day and on a sunny afternoon in West Hollywood , Belle has hers , as Quest takes her for a grooming and spot of shopping . Ultimately , the show is about companionship . Back in Devon , in the UK , singing sensation Joss Stone eulogizes about the fluffy members of her band -- she says that her dogs are the perfect companions because they have no idea she is a celebrity . We also join actor Richard Gere on the set of his new movie "  Hachiko " -- the traditional Japanese story of canine loyalty . On set , we meet the dog trainers and look at the work of American Humane , authors of the phrase : "  No animals were harmed during the making of this movie . " Just like proud parents , every owner likes to think their dog is special . At the Westminster Dog Show in New York , competition gets bitchy and only the best trained hounds need apply . Back in Hollywood , Quest helps pick out the doggy stars of the future with Animal Actors agent Gloria Winship . Working dogs have left an important paw print on our society -- in Panama City , central America , we see how the specially trained dogs of the Red Cross bring comfort to sick children and prepare for rescue missions during natural disasters . Join the experts and the eccentrics for some canine capers , on this month 's Quest for Man 's Best Friend . E-mail to a friend	In this month 's Quest , Richard explores the bond between dogs and their owners Quest meets Hollywood 's pampered pooches and dogs awaiting adoption Singer Joss Stone tells Quest why dogs are her perfect companions Quest joins Richard Gere on the set of his new dog-themed movie , "  Hachiko "
CNN  Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday , the league said . The NFL suspended the 30-year-old football star in November over allegations that last May he disciplined his son , who was 4 at the time , too harshly with a "  switch , " or thin stick . In a letter , NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell told Peterson that his continued participation in the league was contingent on a number of requirements , including that he maintain "  an ongoing program of counseling and treatment as recommended by medical advisers , " the NFL said Thursday . Also required of Peterson : Avoiding "  any further conduct that violates the  NFL 's  personal conduct policy or other NFL policies . " "  Any further violation of the personal conduct policy by Peterson would result in additional discipline , which could include suspension without pay or banishment from the NFL , " the league said in a statement . Peterson played in one game last season , a 35-6 win against St. Louis in September , before the league put him on an exempt list September 17 -- keeping him off the field with pay -- in light of his indictment that month in the case . Initially charged with felony child abuse , Peterson pleaded no contest to misdemeanor reckless assault in November in Texas . The NFL then suspended him without pay and he lost his appeal of that sanction the next month . In February , a Minnesota district court judge vacated the decision that upheld his suspension , making Peterson eligible for reinstatement . Bleacher Report : Latest details , comments , reaction The Vikings issued a brief statement in which they said they "  look forward to Adrian rejoining the Vikings . " ESPN reported that the team will hold voluntary offseason workouts beginning Monday . The next Vikings ' organized team activities begin in late May . It is unclear whether Peterson will attend . He has been unhappy with how the Vikings have handled the matter . Though Peterson dodged jail time with his no-contest plea , he received probation , community service and a $ 4,000 fine . He also will take parenting classes . "  I truly regret this incident , " Peterson said after accepting the deal . "  I stand here and I take full responsibility for my actions . I love my son more than any one of you can even imagine . " Peterson is considered one of the best running backs in the NFL . In 2011 he signed a seven-year contract worth more than $ 100 million with the Vikings , who were 7-9 last season and failed to make the playoffs . In eight seasons , including last year 's abbreviated year , he has rushed for 10,190 yards and averaged a strong 5.0 yards per carry . CNN 's Jill Martin and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Adrian Peterson had been suspended after pleading guilty to misdemeanor reckless assault NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell requires him to keep going to counseling , other treatment Minnesota Vikings , 7-9 last season , say they look forward to him rejoining the team
CNN  -- Argentina have confirmed the appointment of Alejandro Sabella as their new national coach in succession to Sergio Batista . Batista , who had replaced Diego Maradona , was sacked after just eight months in charge following Argentina 's Copa America quarterfinal exit to Uruguay earlier this month . That defeat heaped further pressure on Batista , who had been the subject of a media campaign to oust him following some controversial team selections . Batista sacked as Argentina coach The 56-year-old Sabella was Daniel Passarella 's assistant coach with both the Argentina and Uruguay national teams . He then followed Passarella as his number two with club sides Parma in Italy and Corinthians in Brazil . In March 2009 , Sabella took his first senior coaching job with Argentine side Estudiantes and just four months later he led them to their first Copa Libertadores title in 39 years . Sabella , who won four caps for his country as a player that took in spells in England with both Leeds and Sheffield United , takes over the Argentina reins despite a previous agreement to coach UAE club side Al Jazira .	Argentina have appointed Alejandro Sabella as their new national coach Sabella replaces Sergio Batista after Argentina 's Copa America failure Sabella led Estudiantes to the Copa Libertadores championship in 2009
BURBANK , California  CNN  -- Laura Ling on Wednesday expressed the shock she and Euna Lee felt when former President Clinton showed up in Pyongyang , North Korea , to help secure the two journalists ' release . The families of Euna Lee , left , and Laura Ling greet them Wednesday in California . "  We feared at any moment that we could be sent to a hard labor camp , and then suddenly we were told we were going to a meeting , " a tearful and emotional Ling said at a news conference Wednesday morning in California shortly after arriving by plane with Lee and Clinton . She spoke minutes after the two women were reunited with their families at Bob Hope Airport in Burbank outside Los Angeles . They had been detained in North Korea since March . North Korea pardoned Ling , 32 , and Lee , 36 , after Clinton 's brief trip Tuesday to Pyongyang . "  We were taken to a location , and when we walked through the doors , we saw standing before us President Bill Clinton , " Ling said , with Lee standing beside her . Watch the emotional return at the airport " "  We were shocked , but we knew instantly in our hearts that the nightmare of our lives was finally coming to an end . " She expressed her and Lee 's "  deepest gratitude " to Clinton and his "  wonderful , amazing " team . Watch as Ling says , "  We could feel your love " " "  The past 140 days have been the most difficult , heart-wrenching time of our lives , " Ling said . "  We are very grateful that we were granted amnesty by the government of North Korea , and we are so happy to be home . " She said that she and Lee are looking forward to spending "  some quiet , private time " with their families . iReport.com : Share reaction to the freed journalists Former Vice President Al Gore also spoke to the throngs of journalists at the news conference . He expressed his gratitude to Clinton and President Obama and his administration who "  have been deeply involved in this humanitarian effort . " Watch Gore pay tribute to the people involved in the effort " Lee and Ling are employed by Gore 's California-based media company , Current TV . The women were arrested in March while reporting from the border between North Korea and China . In June , they were sentenced to 12 years of hard labor on charges of entering the country illegally to conduct a smear campaign . On Wednesday morning , Lee bowed as she walked down the steps of the plane into a private hangar , and Ling raised her fists into the air . The women hugged their families , who were waiting at the bottom of the stairs . Lee 's 4-year-old daughter , Hana , clung tightly to her tearful mother . Watch as the women reunite with their families " Clinton walked off the plane minutes later but did not address the crowd . "  I am very happy that after this long ordeal , Laura Ling and Euna Lee are now home and reunited with their loved ones , " Clinton said in a statement . "  When their families , Vice President Gore and the White House asked that I undertake this humanitarian mission , I agreed . I share a deep sense of relief with Laura and Euna and their families that they are safely home . " Journalist Lisa Ling said she never gave up hope that she would see her sister again . "  We always maintained our hope and knew in our hearts that we would see Laura again ; we just did n't know when , " Lisa Ling said outside her home in Los Angeles , California . "  We are just thrilled beyond words that the day has finally arrived . " She said her sister was looking forward to eating fresh fruit and food for the first time in four months , after many meals of rice that often contained rocks . "  I can tell she has gone through a lot , " Ling said . "  My sister has an amazing , amazing spirit , and she 's a little bit weak right now , so I think it 's going take a little time for her to gather up her wits and be able to talk about what she experienced . " At the White House , Obama applauded the release of the two journalists , saying , "  We are very pleased with the outcome . " Their release is a "  source of happiness not only for the families but for the entire country , " he said . Watch as Obama says , "  We are relieved " " Obama also thanked the former president and Gore for their roles in winning the women 's release . "  I think that not only is this White House ... extraordinarily happy , but all Americans should be grateful to both former President Clinton and Vice President Gore for their extraordinary work , " he said . Clinton made the trip to North Korea after the women 's families asked him to travel there , a senior administration official said . Doug Ling , Ling 's father , earlier reacted to the news of his daughter 's release outside his home in Carmichael , California , saying it was "  one of the best days in my life . " "  I figured , sooner or later , they 'd be back , " he said . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also expressed her relief that the two women were released . She spoke from Nairobi , Kenya , where she is taking part in a multination visit to Africa . "  I spoke to my husband on the airplane , and everything went well , " she said . "  It is just a good day to be able to see this happen . " In July , Ling and Lee spoke to their families and told them that the North Koreans were willing to grant them amnesty if a high-level envoy , such as former President Clinton , were willing to travel to Pyongyang , the administration official said on condition of anonymity . North Korea said Clinton "  expressed words of sincere apology to Kim Jong Il " for the journalists ' actions , but the administration official said he knew nothing about an apology . He said Clinton met for three hours and 15 minutes with the North Korean leader but said he did not know what issues were discussed . But he said Clinton 's views on a verifiable denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula are well-known . North Korea 's state-run Korea Central News Agency said Clinton conveyed a message from Obama "  expressing profound thanks for this and reflecting views on ways of improving the relations between the two countries . " But White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said before the announced agreement that Clinton was not carrying any message from Obama . Gibbs added the former president last spoke with Obama during a White House visit in March . He described Clinton 's trip as a "  solely private mission to secure the release of two Americans . " Clinton 's mission came as the United States and its allies in the region are seeking to persuade North Korea to return to the stalled nuclear disarmament talks . North Korea conducted its second nuclear bomb test in May and has held several missile tests since then . The United Nations has responded by increasing sanctions on the nation . North Korea and the United States had no regular contacts before a 1994 crisis over Pyongyang 's nuclear program . North Korea agreed then to halt the development of nuclear weapons but abandoned that accord and withdrew from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 2003 . Clinton had considered visiting North Korea in 2000 , near the end of his second term as president . His secretary of state , Madeleine Albright , had gone to Pyongyang in 2000 to meet with Kim . She was the last high-ranking American official to do so before this week . CNN 's Elaine Quijano , Charlie Moore and Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	NEW : Sister says freed journalist is looking forward to eating fresh food , resting Journalist Laura Ling expresses gratitude for her and Euna Lee 's release Clinton helps secure two journalists ' release from North Korea Two journalists arrested in March near North Korea-China border
CNET  -- For Stanford University student Feross Aboukhadijeh , what started off as a bet fueled by youthful ambition and technical bravado , ended up an Internet hit and quite possibly a job . Last week , Aboukhadijeh , 19 , was just an ordinary , albeit talented , college student as he tested out Google Instant , the Web giant 's new predictive search results feature . He was immediately impressed on its debut Wednesday but also inspired . To his roommate , he said , "  I bet you I can build YouTube Instant in an hour . " And his roommate took him up on the bet . Aboukhadijeh did n't quite make the hour deadline , but three hours later , YouTube Instant was born . The site lets people search the enormous YouTube video database in real time . He spent a couple more hours Thursday sprucing up the user interface . And before going to sleep that night , he posted his work to his Facebook page . "  When I woke up Friday morning there was craziness , " he said . By "  craziness , " Aboukhadijeh means countless e-mails congratulating him , a bevy of interview requests , a server flooded with Web traffic , the creation of a Wikipedia entry in his name , and -- perhaps most notably -- a job offer from YouTube CEO Chad Hurley via Twitter . Unsure just how seriously to take the tweeted job offer , Aboukhadijeh replied along the lines of "  Is this a for-real offer ? " Hurley then e-mailed him to set up a meeting , which is scheduled for Monday at YouTube 's San Bruno , Calif. , headquarters , Aboukhadijeh said . YouTube officials did n't respond to an e-mail request sent Friday from CNET seeking confirmation of the job offer or meeting . Aboukhadijeh is just finishing up a summer internship with Facebook , but he does n't see how that would prohibit his taking a job at YouTube , which is owned by Google . "  I 'd like to finish college , " he added , which he agreed could pose the bigger problem . Much like Google Instant , YouTube Instant lets people type in what they 're looking for , and the engine guesses what that video is . By design , it plays the video immediately . However , based on feedback , Aboukhadijeh said he 's working on play and pause features , among other improvements . "  It 's not as useful as Google Instant if you know exactly what you 're looking for , since you 're shown distracting YouTube videos on the way to your destination , " Aboukhadijeh told All Thing Digital 's Peter Kafka . "  But I think this is perfect for many Internet users . " He built the site using the YouTube API but scraped YouTube search suggestions after Google blocked his server for making too many repeated requests to the search suggestion endpoint . Aboukhadijeh ended up re-writing the site to instead query YouTube directly for search suggestions , "  eliminating the round-trip to my server , " he said . Aboukhadijeh , who is from Sacramento , California , said he 's been blown away by how quickly his tool went viral and is grateful for all the supportive feedback . "  I 'm amazed and humbled by all the attention it 's received . So thank you , " he said . But imitation is the highest form of flattery , and it appears he 's got that , too . TechCrunch on Saturday pointed to Alabama-based developer Michael Hart , who , inspired by Aboukhadijeh , used jQuery and the Google Maps API to build Google Maps Instant . And the same blogger later pointed to an all-encompassing Instantise page that gives a home to the evidently quickly growing number of sites with instant , predictive search results . Instantise was reportedly designed by Scottish engineer Tam Denholm , TechCrunch said . Aboukhadijeh is a majoring in computer science , but his technical expertise has been developing over many years . Around age 5 , when his parents bought a new microwave oven , he took the manual and learned how to turn on the child lock , something his parents never learned to do . That knowledge came in handy when he was old enough to get grounded -- he would lock it up and use it as a bargaining chip .  2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Stanford University student creates YouTube Instant in three hours The site lets people search enormous YouTube video database in real time Student says he 's been blown away by how quickly his tool went viral
CNN  -- Kaka underlined his commitment to AC Milan with two goals in a 4-1 Serie A win at Bologna on Sunday when on-loan David Beckham claimed his first goal in Italian football . Kaka scored twice for AC Milan days after rejecting a world record transfer to Manchester City . Brazilian star Kaka , playing his first match since the collapse of a proposed world record transfer to Premier League Manchester City , converted from the penalty spot after 17 minutes and added a spectacular second two minutes before half-time . Kaka 's double took the limelight away from former England captain Beckham who made his mark on the hour as Milan kept up the pressure on top two , city rivals Inter and Turin-based Juventus . Beckham moved to Milan from Los Angeles Galaxy earlier this month and found the target as coach Carlo Ancelotti marked 400 games in charge of the club . The former Mancherster United star is clearly enjoying his stay in Italy and there have been suggestions he could extend his stay . "  I ca n't say what will happen , " PA Sport quoted him as saying on Sunday . "  Even if my contract says that I 'll be here until March . We 'll have to see . "  At the moment I 'm enjoying this experience . I 'm at one of the biggest clubs in the world . And having won gives us confidence to continue . " He added : "  It 's great to score my first goal -- I will keep this jersey . It 's special to play for Milan and also to score , but what 's most important is that we won . " Milan coach Carlo Ancelotti was delighted with Beckham 's performance , but insists the club can do nothing to keep him at the San Siro . However , he claims the 33-year-old holds his future in his own hands . "  If he said ` we 'll see ' it means he 's thinking about staying , " Ancelotti told Sky Italia . "  However , our hands are tied as he has a clear contract . " Bologna took the lead through a Marco Di Vaio penalty after nine minutes and Clarence Seedorf equalised after Kaka 's effort had been spilled by goalkeeper Francesco Antonioli . AS Roma closed to within three points of fourth , the final Champions League qualifying position , with a stunning 3-0 win at Napoli . Centre-backs Philippe Mexes  18  and Juan  32  gave Roma a two-goal lead at the interval and Montenegro forward Mirko Vucinic added the third four minutes into the second half . Roma are now only three points behind Genoa who were surprisingly held to a 1-1 home draw by Catania who led through a 67th-minute goal from Jorge Martinez . Diego Milito replied six minutes later . Roma have won eight of their last 10 Serie A matches following an awful start to the season where they won only two and lost six of their first 10 games . Fabio Simplicio scored twice as Palermo defeated Udinese 3-2 while strugglers Lecce and Torino shared six goals .	Brazil star Kaka scores twice as AC Milan romp to 4-1 Serie A win at Bologna Goals come at end of week that saw him reject world record move to Man City David Beckham hits first goal of loan spell as Milan step up their title chase
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court will tackle the contentious issue of same-sex marriage , agreeing to hear two constitutional challenges to state and federal laws dealing with the recognition of gay and lesbian couples to legally wed. . In a one-page order on Friday , the court took on what will be one of the most important issues in its history . The decision to review the matter came just weeks after voters approved same-sex marriage in three states . Oral arguments will likely be held in March with a ruling by late June . One appeal to be heard involves the federal Defense of Marriage Act or DOMA , which denies federal benefits to same-sex couples legally married in their own state . The second is a challenge to California 's Proposition 8 , a voter-approved referendum that took away the right of same sex-marriage that previously had been approved by the state 's courts . Same-sex married couple sues federal government in DOMA case The political , social , and legal stakes of this long-simmering debate will once again put the high court at the center of national attention , a contentious encore to its summer ruling upholding the massive health care reform law championed by President Barack Obama . There are approximately 120,000 legally married same-sex couples in the United States . Earlier this month , voters in Maryland , Washington , and Maine approved same-sex marriage , adding to the six states and the District of Columbia that already had done so . Minnesota voters also rejected an effort to ban such unions through a constitutional amendment . Timeline : Same-sex marriage Many other states , including New Jersey , Illinois , Delaware , Rhode Island and Hawaii , have legalized domestic partnerships and civil unions for such couples -- a step designed in most cases to provide the same rights of marriage under state law . But other states have passed laws or state constitutional amendments banning such marriages . California 's Proposition 8 is the only such referendum that revoked the right after lawmakers and the state courts previously allowed it . In February , a federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled the measure unconstitutional . In its split decision , the panel found that Proposition 8 "  works a meaningful harm to gays and lesbians " by denying their right to civil marriage . The justices have discretion to rule narrowly or broadly on the aspects of the legal and procedural questions raised . The federal case deals with Edith Windsor , who was forced to pay an estate tax bill much larger than other married couples would have to pay when her partner died . Because her longtime partner was a woman , the federal government , in legal terms , did not recognize the same-sex marriage even though the couple 's home state of New York did . The federal law does not prohibit states from allowing same-sex marriages , but it also does not force states to recognize them from other states . Other plaintiffs are federal workers , who are not allowed to add their spouses to health care plans and other benefits . Traditionally , the federal DOMA law would be defended by the Justice Department . But that responsibility would now fall to House Republicans after President Barack Obama declared his support for same-sex marriage earlier this year . In their order on Friday , the justices asked both sides to argue a supplemental question : Whether congressional Republicans -- operating as a bipartisan legal advisory group -- have "  standing , " or legal authority , to make the case . The justices also asked both sides to argue a second standing question . California 's governor and state attorney general have refused to defend Proposition 8 in court , leaving it to a private coalition of groups supporting the law to file the appeals . The high court could decide the standing question alone and dismiss the appeal without addressing the larger constitutional questions . That would mean for now , same-sex marriages could resume next year in California . Those on both sides of the issue welcomed the high court 's intervention . "  That the issue will soon be heard by the Supreme Court is a vindication of our work to achieve equal protection under the law for same-sex couples , " said Mary Bonauto , director of the Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders , who has been litigating the issue for decades . "  This day has been long in the making , and we are committed to the success of this case . " But a group that helped lead the effort to pass Proposition 8 in California said it was confident of prevailing . "  We believe it is a strong signal that the court will reverse the lower courts and uphold Proposition 8 , " said John Eastman , chairman of the National Organization for Marriage . "  That is the right outcome based on the law and based on the principle that voters hold the ultimate power over basic policy judgments and their decisions are entitled to respect . " The cases accepted Friday are Hollingsworth v. Perry  12-144  , dealing with Proposition 8 ; and U.S. v. Windsor  12-307  on the DOMA issue . PDF : Read the Windsor ruling the high court will consider Washington starts issuing same-sex marriage licenses Mormon website embraces LGBT community Catholic Notre Dame announces services for gay students	The matter to be heard is one of the most important in the court 's history Federal Defense of Marriage Act ; California 's Proposition 8 will be reviewed Justices first will address questions of legal standing in both appeals Oral arguments will likely be held in March with a ruling by late June
It 's not the Occupy Wall Street protesters yelling "  mic check " who are bugging Newt Gingrich at his events these days . It 's the attack ads occupying the airwaves in Iowa . A new spot from the pro-Mitt Romney super political action committee Restore Our Future starts with the simple question : "  Know what makes Barack Obama happy ? " The answer : "  Newt Gingrich 's baggage . " In the ad , luggage bearing the names of the former speaker 's past liabilities then spills out onto an airline baggage carousel . "  Newt has more baggage than the airlines , " the ad says . The spot does n't mention Gingrich 's personal baggage . But it might as well . Gingrich has demanded that Romney call on the super PAC to pull its negative ads . "  I object to lies . I object to negative smear campaigns , " Gingrich said Tuesday . But Romney makes no apologies . "  If you ca n't stand the relatively modest heat in the kitchen right now , wait until Obama 's hell 's kitchen shows up , " Romney said in New Hampshire on Wednesday . Unfortunately for the former speaker , it 's about to get hotter . The 2012 campaign is now a high stakes version of Pac-Man . In the battle of Romney versus Gingrich , guess who the ghost is ? The Restore Our Future super PAC is not only run by former Romney political operatives . It also is funded in large part by big donors who still work at Romney 's former investment firm , Bain Capital . None of this is a mystery to Gingrich . "  We need to understand that these are his people , running his ads , doing his dirty work , while he pretends to be above it , " Gingrich said Tuesday . According to an analysis of disclosure forms from Restore Our Future conducted by the nonpartisan government watchdog Center for Responsive Politics , the pro-Romney super PAC has spent $ 430,380 on ads in Iowa . That 's more than the $ 325,770 spent by the Romney campaign . Combined , they are outspending Gingrich in Iowa by more than seven to one . Bain employees have given $ 1.25 million to Restore Our Future . Contrast that to the $ 84,500 contributed by Bain employees directly to the Romney campaign . Contributions to federal candidates are limited to $ 2,500 . There are no limits on donations to super PAC 's . That 's part of what makes them super . In its landmark 2010 decision in the case of "  Citizens United vs. the Federal Election Commission , " the U.S. Supreme Court green-lighted the activities of super PAC 's , effectively allowing them to legally raise and spend unlimited amounts of money . Viveca Novak with the Center for Responsive Politics said Bain 's connection to "  Restore Our Future " gives Romney a clear advantage in the race . "  He automatically has access to extraordinary amounts of money through these individuals who are connected to securities and investment firms , which are part of the world he used to inhabit , " Novak said . Romney has suggested he has no legal authority to pull the super PAC spots . "  My goodness , if we coordinate in any way whatsoever , we go to the big house , " Romney said in an interview on MSNBC 's "  Morning Joe . " Novak said Romney could do more . "  If Romney wanted to he could call a press conference and call on the super PAC to take down the ad , " Novak said . Romney defended "  Restore Our Future " by pointing to the pro-Obama super PAC , Priorities USA , which has already started attacking his campaign . That PAC , run by former White House Deputy Press Secretary Bill Burton , has one spot featuring a now infamous photo of Romney during his days at Bain . The picture shows Romney in a suit stuffed with money . As Romney has pointed out , the president 's advisers have set their fundraising goal at $ 1 billion . The Romney campaign said its own spots are positive . Its latest ad stars Romney 's wife , Ann , who extols the virtues of good moral character . "  If you really want to know how a person will operate , look at how they 've lived their life , " Ann Romney says in the ad . That sounds like another subtle swipe at Gingrich , who has a new ad featuring his wife , Callista . "  From our family to yours , Merry Christmas and Happy New Year , " she says in the spot . With super PAC fever spreading , a little holiday cheer does n't hurt .	"  Super " political action committees are spending millions of dollars on ads in Iowa One group supporting Romney has been attacking Newt Gingrich A recent Supreme Court ruling allows those PACs to spend unlimited money in a campaign
CNN  -- Though no longer a hurricane , "  post-tropical " superstorm Sandy packed a hurricane-sized punch as it slammed into the Jersey Shore on Monday , killing at least 11 people from West Virginia to North Carolina and Connecticut . Sandy whipped torrents of water over the streets of Atlantic City , stretching for blocks inland and ripping up part of the vacation spot 's fabled boardwalk . The storm surge set records in Lower Manhattan , where flooded substations caused a widespread power outage . It swamped beachfronts on both sides of Long Island Sound and delivered hurricane-force winds from Virginia to Cape Cod as it came ashore . Sandy 's wrath also prompted the evacuation of about 200 patients at NYU Langone Medical Center . "  We are having intermittent telephone access issues , and for this reason the receiving hospital will notify the families of their arrival , " spokeswoman Lisa Greiner said . In addition , the basement of New York 's Bellevue Hospital Center flooded , and the hospital was running off of emergency backup power . Ian Michaels of the Office of Emergency Management said the main priority is to help secure additional power and obtain additional fuel and pumps for the hospital . The storm hit near Atlantic City about 8 p.m. ET , the National Hurricane Center reported . It packed 80-mph winds at landfall , down from the 90 mph clocked earlier Monday . Superstorm Sandy 's wrath "  I 've been down here for about 16 years , and it 's shocking what I 'm looking at now . It 's unbelievable , " said Montgomery Dahm , owner of the Tun Tavern in Atlantic City , which stayed open as Sandy neared the Jersey Shore . "  I mean , there 's cars that are just completely underwater in some of the places I would never believe that there would be water . " Dahm 's family cleared out of Atlantic City before the storm hit , but he says he stayed put to serve emergency personnel . At nightfall Monday , he said the water was lapping at the steps of his restaurant , where a generator was keeping the lights on . The storm had already knocked down power lines and tree limbs while still 50 miles offshore and washed out a section of the boardwalk on the north end of town , Atlantic City Mayor Lorenzo Langford told CNN . He said there were still "  too many people " who did n't heed instructions to evacuate , and he urged anyone still in town to "  hunker down and try to wait this thing out . " "  When Mother Nature sends her wrath your way , we 're at her mercy , and so all we can do is stay prayerful and do the best that we can , " Langford said . And in Seaside Heights , about 30 miles north of Atlantic City , Police Chief Thomas Boyd told CNN , "  The whole north side of my town is totally under water . " Mass transit grinds to a halt In New York , lower Manhattan 's Battery Park recorded nearly 14-foot tide , smashing a record set by 1960 's Hurricane Donna by more than 3 feet . The city had already halted service on its bus and train lines , closing schools and ordering about 400,000 people out of their homes in low-lying areas of Manhattan and elsewhere . Flooding forced the closure of all three of the major airports in the area , LaGuardia , John F. Kennedy and Newark Liberty . Water seeped into subway stations in Lower Manhattan and into the tunnel connecting Lower Manhattan and Brooklyn , while high winds damaged a crane perched atop a Midtown skyscraper under construction , forcing authorities to evacuate the surrounding area . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg told reporters there was an "  extraordinary " amount of water in Lower Manhattan , as well as downed trees throughout the city and widespread power outages . "  We knew that this was going to be a very dangerous storm , and the storm has met our expectations , " he said . "  The worst of the weather has come , and city certainly is feeling the impacts . " The storm was blamed for more than 2.8 million outages across the Northeast . About 350,000 of them were in the New York city area , where utility provider Con Edison reported it had also cut power to customers in parts of Brooklyn and Lower Manhattan to protect underground equipment as the storm waters rose . But as water crept into its substations , Con Ed said it had lost service to about 250,000 customers in Manhattan -- including most of the island south of 39th Street . Five things to know about Sandy At least five people had been killed in storm-related incidents in New York state , including three killed by trees falling on homes in Queens and in the town of New Salem , near Albany , city and state officials said . Falling trees were also blamed for three deaths reported in New Jersey and one in Connecticut , authorities there told CNN . In West Virginia , a woman was killed in a car accident after the storm dumped 5 inches of snow on the town of Davis , said Amy Shuler Goodwin , a spokeswoman for Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin 's office . And before hitting land , it overwhelmed the sailing ship HMS Bounty , a replica of the historic British vessel , off North Carolina . Fourteen of the ship 's crew of 16 were rescued , but the body of one deckhand was found Monday evening and the ship 's captain was still missing Monday night , the Coast Guard said . Sandy had already claimed at least 67 lives in the Caribbean , including 51 in Haiti . Sandy 's storm surges were boosted by a full moon , which already brings the highest tides of the month . And forecasters said the storm was likely to collide with a cold front and spawn a superstorm that could generate flash floods and snowstorms . "  It could be bad , " said U.S. Coast Guard Rear Adm. Steven Rattior , "  or it could be devastation . " Mass transit shut down across the densely populated Northeast , landmarks stood empty and schools and government offices were closed . The National Grid , which provides power to millions of customers , said 60 million people could be affected before it 's over . On Fire Island , off Long Island , the water rose above promenades and docks on Monday afternoon , homeowner Karen Boss said . Boss stayed on the island with her husband despite a mandatory evacuation order . She said they own several properties and a business there and had weathered previous storms . "  I 'm concerned that it might come into the first floor , " she said . "  If that 's the case , I 'll just move into another house that 's higher up . " Based on pressure readings , it 's likely to be the strongest storm to make landfall north of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina , CNN senior meteorologist Dave Hennen said . The benchmark storm , the 1938 "  Long Island Express " Hurricane , contained a low pressure reading of 946 millibars ; Sandy had a minimum pressure of 943 millibars . Generally speaking , the lower the pressure , the stronger the storm . In Sea Bright , New Jersey , Yvette Cafaro scrawled a plea on the plywood that covered her burger restaurant : "  Be kind to us Sandy . " The seaside area largely dodged last year 's Hurricane Irene , but Cafaro was not optimistic that Sea Bright would be spared Sandy . Keep a hurricane preparation checklist "  Everything that we 've been watching on the news looks like this one will really get us , " she said . "  We 're definitely worried about it . " Its arrival , eight days before the U.S. presidential election , forced President Barack Obama and his Republican challenger , Mitt Romney , to alter or cancel several campaign stops . Obama flew back to Washington from Florida , telling reporters at the White House that assets were in place for an effective response to the storm . "  The most important message I have for the public right now is please listen to what your state and local officials are saying , " Obama said . "  When they tell you to evacuate , you need to evacuate . " And in Ohio , Romney asked supporters to drop off items and cash at his "  victory centers " to be donated to victims of the storm . "  There are families in harm 's way that will be hurt -- either in their possessions or perhaps in something more severe , " Romney said . Tips from Katrina survivors By Monday afternoon , 23 states were under a warning or advisory for wind related to Sandy . Thousands of flights had been canceled , and hundreds of roads and highways were expected to flood . And according to a government model , Sandy 's wind damage alone could cause more than $ 7 billion in economic loss . Sandy was expected to weaken once it moves inland , but the center was expected to move slowly northward , meaning gusty winds and heavy rain would continue through Wednesday . On the western side of the storm , the mountains of West Virginia expected up to 3 feet of snow and the mountains of southwestern Virginia to the Kentucky state line could see up to 2 feet . Twelve to 18 inches of snow were expected in the mountains near the North Carolina-Tennessee border . "  This is not a typical storm , " said Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett . "  Essentially , this is a hurricane wrapped in a ` nor'easter . ' " Sandy grounds thousands of flights worldwide CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen , Dana Ford , Tom Watkins , Josh Levs , Chelsea J. Carter , Greg Botelho , Jason Kessler , Sarah Dillingham , Sean Morris , Ashley Corum , Eden Pontz and George Howell contributed to this report .	One New York hospital evacuates 200 patients ; another turns to backup power At least 11 U.S. deaths have been blamed on Sandy "  Extraordinary " amount of water in Lower Manhattan , Bloomberg says Jersey Shore police : "  The whole north side of my town is totally under water "
CNN  -- As the rest of the world waits to see if Japan can avert a nuclear catastrophe , a small band of experts is putting their lives at risk to prevent the disaster . Thousands of people living near the troubled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant have been evacuated from their homes because of the risk of radiation leaks from reactors damaged by last week 's devastating earthquake and tsunami . But while most hurry in the opposite direction , about 180 plant workers are staying put -- despite the fact that doing so could result in serious illness or even death -- to battle the meltdown threat . "  The workers at this site are involved in a heroic endeavor , " former U.S. Department of Energy Official Robert Alvarez told CNN . "  There is at least fragmentary evidence that in some places on this site there are life-threatening doses of radiation . I think they are doing enormously heroic work . " The workers left at the site are said to be highly trained and experienced nuclear operators , engineers and safety staff with highly specialized knowledge . Richard Wakeford , of the Dalton Nuclear Institute at the University of Manchester , said for many of them -- despite the highly unusual and potentially dangerous circumstances -- it will be just another day at the office . "  They see it as doing their job , " he said . "  The Japanese in particular are dedicated to duty , and they will see it as their duty to do what they are doing . " According to the World Health Organisation , the average person is exposed to about 3.0 millisieverts  mSv  a year of radiation , from naturally-occurring , medical and other sources . But monitoring at the Fukushima Daiichi site has recorded radiation as high as 400 millisieverts an hour -- a level known to be a risk to human health . Exposure to 1,000 millisieverts  1 Sievert  of radiation can cause radiation sickness . "  It is difficult to get a clear picture , but there have been spikes in radiation to enormous doses , high enough to risk radiation sickness , " said Dr. Ira Helfand , a member of the organization Physicians for Social Responsibility . "  These people are undergoing total body radiation , which can cause leukaemia and lymphoma as well as thyroid cancer later on , " he said . Experts say lessons have been learned since the nuclear disaster at Chernobyl 25 years ago , when an unauthorized experiment saw radioactive dust spread across swathes of Ukraine , Belarus , Russia and western Europe . Then , emergency workers were sent in with little or no protection to deal with the fallout . "  It was pandemonium ; there was no monitoring , no idea of the risks , " Wakeford said . By contrast , he said , staff at Fukushima Daiichi will be kitted out in protective clothing and breathing apparatus , they will be closely monitored and working in teams to limit their exposure to radiation . "  If I were them I would be more worried about the hydrogen explosions , which have been huge -- enough to blow the roofs off two buildings -- and which I think are a much bigger risk to the workers on the ground , " he told CNN . But Dr. Helfand said reports suggested that the operation was not going 100 % to plan , describing it as "  something out of an adventure movie . " "  We are in totally uncharted waters , people are ad-libbing to deal with the situation , " he said . "  Using fire trucks to pump a mixture of sea water and boron onto the reactors is not in any of the manuals . " Wakeford said the workers will have known they may one day face a risky situation such as this . However , Helfand said that made them even braver , and their work more admirable . "  These workers are trained to understand the risks , but that only makes it all the more heroic that they have agreed to stay and work to prevent a disaster , " he said . "  They know that if there is a reactor meltdown it could be a major disaster affecting huge areas and massive numbers of people , and they are risking their lives to try and prevent that . All of us owe them a huge debt of gratitude . " Professor Wakeford agreed : "  They are heroic , there is no doubt about that -- it 's a pity that is n't recognised more . They are heroes , and I bow down to them . "	180 workers at Fukushima nuclear power plant trying to avert nuclear catastrophe Recorded radiation at levels high enough to pose a threat to human health Experts praise plant team as heroes , say they are risking their lives for the greater good
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- "  Bolt " is Disney 's first animated feature since Pixar guru John Lasseter took over the company 's animation division , so it 's no surprise the voice cast is loaded with top talent . John Travolta makes his voice actor debut in the title role , "  Hannah Montana " star Miley Cyrus plays Bolt 's owner and friend , and then there 's 13-year Disney veteran Mark Walton . Mark Walton poses with his furry alter ego , Rhino , at the "  Bolt " premiere . Who ? Walton provides the voice of Rhino , an irrepressibly gonzo hamster who 's Bolt 's biggest fan . But he 's an animator , not an actor . A story visual development guy , not the star of the show . Portly and balding , Walton is hardly a glamorous Hollywood figure , and yet he 's doing press with stars Travolta and Cyrus , walking the red carpet with them and drawing the film 's biggest laughs . Walton 's journey from schlub to star surprised him as much as anybody , he told CNN . Watch how Walton brought Rhino to life " Before the big-name voice actors go into the recording studio , he explained , animators do a kind of rough draft of the film , with temporary voice tracks provided by volunteers within the animation division . "  Some people who had known me here ... -LSB- and -RSB- knew my personality and my voice decided that I might be a funny match for this crazy , enthusiastic hamster , " he said , seemingly at ease with a half-dozen camera techs and studio publicists surrounding him at the movie 's press junket . "  But , of course , the assumption was always that some professional , big-name actor would be brought in to do the real voice . " Not this time . One by one , name actors were brought in and matched to their characters : Travolta for the earnest , lovable dog star ; teen icon and devoted pet owner Cyrus as a dog-loving young actress ; wisecracking Susie Essman from "  Curb Your Enthusiasm " as a streetwise cat ; and Malcolm McDowell as TV show villain Dr. Calico . But as the film continued to progress from the drawing boards to finished product , Walton stayed in the picture . "  We got to the point where it 's like , we ca n't find an actor to come even close to how good this is , " recalled Lasseter . "  So of course we 're going to give it to him , because ... it 's not important how big of a name an actor is , it 's about how great the character that 's being created , how it jumps off the screen and becomes memorable . That 's what it 's about . " And Walton 's take on Rhino , the creation of his pal and character designer Joe Moshier , was certainly memorable . "  He 's seen how I go to the buffets , " Walton joked about Moshier . "  And he knows how hamsters can stuff a lot of food into their cheeks . ... And I think that knowing how I like food kind of informed the round , kind of chubby , inflated shape of the character , as well as the uneven , kind of crazy , slightly psychotic and googly eyes . I say , you like something about Rhino , I 'll take credit for it . " He 's getting lots of credit . "  When I heard Rhino , I was like , this guy 's hilarious . Who is it ? " said Essman . "  I wanted to know who the actor was , if it was somebody I knew . And they told me it was n't . I thought that was so cool , that he 's just , he 's one of the story artists . " Audiences think it 's cool too , judging from the reaction at a preview screening filled with kids and adults . Walton 's Rhino steals every scene he 's in . Walton , who has worked on Disney animated features since 1999 's "  Tarzan " and provided minor voices for "  Home on the Range " and "  Chicken Little , " said he 'd gladly have stepped aside if a big-name actor had come in and done a better job . "  That 's the best thing for the movie , " he said . "  But there was something very satisfying about knowing that yes , one of us , the little people behind the scenes , who do n't always get a lot of attention or notoriety or visibility , could do the part , and that people recognized that . "	Mark Walton was Disney animator who did temporary voice track for "  Bolt " Walton 's work as the wacky hamster named Rhino was kept Walton soaking up attention with stars John Travolta , Miley Cyrus
Albany , Oregon  CNN  -- The Oregon teen accused of planning to bomb his high school had a detailed itinerary for his attack that included napalm bombs , firearms and killing himself before the police could , authorities said Tuesday . According to a three-page probable cause affidavit released by authorities , an investigator wrote that police found notebooks and other documents in 17-year-old Grant Acord 's room . They contained handwritten and typed plans , including diagrams , to commit mass murder , the affidavit said . In one of the plans , Acord wrote that he wanted to go to first period then take a few hours in the parking lot to prepare for his attack , during which he would "  shoot and throw bombs throughout the school . " On Tuesday , the teen appeared in court via a video feed from jail . It was the initial hearing for a gawky teenager accused of plotting a monstrous crime . He sat awkwardly in a folding chair , shoulders slumped . When the judge entered , Acord snapped to attention in front of a microphone . Unsure of where to position himself , he answered the judge 's questions in calm , respectful , short answers . It was a surreal juxtaposition to see the face and demeanor of a young man who authorities say modeled his plan on the 1999 massacre at Colorado 's Columbine High School . Acord 's timeline -- which police say he entitled "  The  Loosely Stated  Plan AKA Worst case Scenario " -- would have begun at 7:30 a.m. and would have ended with an attack just after 11:10 . The writing said he planned to pack his truck with the bombs and guns at home , go to West Albany High School and slip out of class after first period . Then he would have waited until 10 a.m. where he would have moved to "  smoke spot " to "  gear up . " After that , he planned to move to another parking lot , check for a school resource officer , and if none was there , he would back in the truck at 11:10 a.m. into a spot near one of the exits he had staked out . His harrowing plan continued : "  Get gear out of trunk . Carry duffle in one hand , napalm firebomb in the other , walk towards school with  Airport Stalk music from the Call of Duty video game  blasting out of car . Drop duffle . Light and throw napalm , unzip bag and begin firing . Cooly state : ` The Russian grim reaper is here . ' If 3rd exit is blocked by napalm fire , or is locked , run to 1st entrance . " The plan ends with a suicide . "  Kill myself before S.W.A.T. engages me , " he writes . He was charged as an adult with attempted aggravated murder and 18 other charges related to making and possessing a destructive device . Acord , who said little throughout the proceeding , did not enter a plea . A judge set bond at $ 2 million . Authorities are still not saying when Acord wanted to launch his plan . The affidavit suggests he still had a fair amount of planning to do , including purchasing a Hi-Point 995 rifle and a Mossberg shotgun , and building several more bombs . Officials at the school and police said a fellow student 's tip led to Acord 's arrest . Family attorney : ` He 's very mentally ill ' Acord 's mother says her son suffers from a rare form of obsessive-compulsive disorder . "  My heart goes out to everyone affected by Grant 's struggle with PANDAS , a rare form of OCD , " Grant Acord 's mother said through her attorney . "  I grieve for my son but understand and support the efforts of law enforcement to keep our beloved community safe , " his mother , Marianne Fox , added . "  This is a challenging and confusing time for everyone who knows Grant . I will have no further comment while I wait with the rest of you to see what unfolds . " Acord 's goal , said Benton County District Attorney John Haroldson on Monday , "  was to model the Columbine shootings with some adjustments that would make it a greater success . " PANDAS , which stands for pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorder associated with streptococcus , is caused by the body 's immune reaction to a strep infection , not the infection itself , according to the International OCD Foundation . Dr. Rosario Trifiletti , a New Jersey-based child neurologist and expert on PANDAS , notes there is a similar but broader diagnosis called PANS , or pediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome , that affects 1 % to 2 % of children and can result in "  explosive violence " among sufferers . Trifiletti , who emphasized he can not comment on Acord 's case because he has n't treated him , said he has seen youngsters with PANS become deeply fearful and violent with their parents . "  I think the thing that shocks parents is how quickly they change . They can snap , " he said . In his research , however , he has never seen any sufferer premeditate violence in the manner outlined in the allegations against Acord . "  There has not been a kid who has done anything close to this , " the doctor said . There are no clear diagnostic criteria for PANDAS , according to the PANDAS Network , which says the disorder is marked by a rapid onset and intensification of obsessive-compulsive behaviors . Among those , according to the National Institutes of Health , are "  obsessive thoughts , compulsive behaviors and motor or vocal tics . " Those symptoms can be accompanied by anxiety attacks , irritability , extreme mood swings , temper tantrums , immaturity , hyperactivity , handwriting changes and problems in school , the NIH says . As for PANS , the peer-reviewed journal Pediatrics & Therapeutics cites several categories of "  neuropsychiatric symptoms " that can accompany the disorder : anxiety ; emotional changes and/or depression ; irritability , aggression and/or severely oppositional behaviors ; behavioral regression ; a drop in school performance ; sensory or motor abnormalities ; and bodily symptoms such as sleep disturbances and problems with urination . Alan Lanker , the attorney for the mother , said Acord has received treatment , but he did not know the details of the teen 's treatment . "  He 's very mentally ill . He has PANDAS . It 's a brain infection that 's causing a mental illness . It 's been their concern for some time , " Lanker said . Disturbing allegations Police found six types of explosives after they arrested Acord on Thursday night at a home in Albany , Oregon , Haroldson said . They recovered napalm , pipe and drain cleaner bombs , as well as Molotov cocktails Friday from "  a secret compartment that had been created in the floorboards " of the teen 's bedroom , Haroldson said . The prosecutor said Acord wanted to outdo the Columbine High School shootings , which left one teacher and 14 students dead , including the two gunmen . Sheriff : Student plotted college attack , fantasized about stabbings Fifth-grade boys ' plot to kill a classmate thwarted In January : Teen free on bail after allegedly plotting ` terrorist attacks ' CNN 's Holly Yan , Cristy Lenz , Greg Morrison , Jennifer Bixler , Jake Carpenter and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Plan called for firebombs , firearms and background music , affidavit says Grant Acord , 17 , did n't enter a plea during video appearance ; bond set at $ 2 million An attorney for the suspect 's mother says teen has rare form of OCD NEW : Authorities say student tip led to arrest
CNN  -- John Cossman 's friends call him cancer 's iron man . He 's had more than 90 radiation treatments and 200 chemo treatments since being diagnosed with head and neck cancer eight years ago . The cancer has spread to his right lung , his right arm and his brain . Four years ago , he ran out of treatment options -- every available form of chemo had been used . If he wanted to live , he 'd have to enter clinical trials . "  How long do I have here ? " he asked his doctor . "  With treatment , two years , " the doctor responded . "  Without treatment , six months . " Now , Cossman , 61 , is sitting in a doctor 's office , ready to undergo a CT scan that will determine if his cancer is being kept in check . He 's on his fourth clinical trial . Three times , he 's heard bad news . He tries not to think about that as he slides into the giant machine that envelopes his body . He thinks instead of his wife and 13-year-old daughter , adopted from China . Life offers too much to give in . "  I will know when there 's not a whole helluva lot of time left . And I do n't feel that way right now . ... If what I 'm doing can help somebody down the line , then it 's worthwhile . " Holding disease at bay Cossman is one of 16 patients with progressive forms of cancer currently taking part in a study of a developmental drug by the Cambridge , Massachusetts-based Cerulean Pharma . The company hopes to add another 20 patients to the trial in laboratories in Arizona , California and New Mexico . The test drug is in the second phase of a three-phase process that takes years before the Food and Drug Administration even considers whether to bring the drug to market . Cossman is one of the tens of thousands of people worldwide enrolled in drug trials . According to ClinicalTrials.gov , there are more than 96,500 trials under way in 174 countries . Cossman learned of drug trials through his oncologist -- "  otherwise , I 'd know nothing about them . " He wants to make others "  aware of head and neck cancer , and that clinical trials are available , " he says . "  People need to be aware , though , that they are rolling the dice . " In this case , the chemotherapy drug , known as CRLX101 , is placed inside nanoparticles -- tiny particles just slightly bigger than molecules -- that are delivered intravenously every two weeks to patients . The hope is that the nanoparticles target the cancer and release chemotherapy inside the tumors while shielding healthy tissue from the toxicity of chemo , says Oliver Fetzer , the president and CEO of Cerulean . By doing that , the drug homes in on the tumors and , at the same time , patients can maintain a decent quality of life . "  You want to see how long you can actually hold the disease at bay , " Fetzer says . Adds John Ryan , Cerulean 's chief medical officer : "  The true measure of success in oncology is extending the length of time someone stays alive . " Yet this drug is far from market . The FDA can put a stop to a clinical trial at any moment if unexpected safety issues arise . "  We keep in touch with the FDA constantly throughout the clinical trial , " Ryan says . "  There 's a constant interchange with the FDA , particularly with respect to the safety of the drug and anything unexpected . " It takes about nine years for an oncology drug to go through the necessary clinical studies to FDA approval , said Dr. Kenneth Kaitin , director of The Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development , an independent nonprofit research group . According to a 2007 study by the center , a drug company spends about $ 1.3 billion per approved product , a figure that includes costs of failed test drugs . When the test drug is for cancer , the patients have very aggressive forms . Success is often measured in small steps . "  What you 're normally looking at in this patient population , if you can keep it at bay for two months , you are actually doing quite well , because the patients are so far along " with cancer , says Fetzer . "  It 's a rule of thumb at best , because every disease is different , every patient is different . " ' I went through every type of chemo ' It started with a lump in his throat eight years ago . Cossman thought it would go away . His doctor diagnosed it as head and neck cancer -- a surprise to Cossman because he 's never been a heavy drinker or smoker . He underwent 36 radiation and chemo treatments over 2 1/2 months . He survived on a feeding tube for six months . The next three years would be cancer free . But in June 2005 , a tumor popped up in his right lower lung . Chemo and radiation began again . The tumor was eliminated , yet a spot showed up again about a year later . "  You get to a point where they ca n't radiate the lung any more . " He still has breathing problems from the radiation to his lung . One chemo treatment clogged up his tear ducts . Another created a rash all over his body . "  By June 2006 , " he says , "  I went through every type of chemo that 's been approved for head and neck cancer . The chemo would either stop working or the side effects would be more detrimental to my health . " His option : Die or enter clinical trials . The first study kept his tumors -- by that time he had four -- in check for about five months . To remain in a trial , tumor growth has to be limited to 20 percent . A scan showed 22 percent growth . "  You ca n't immediately go from one study to another . You have to be washed out for 30 days of chemicals and radiation . " In his second study , he developed a tumor on his right arm . He soon was having vision problems and started losing his hair . The man who had already endured so much was diagnosed with a brain tumor . In December , he underwent surgery to remove it . His third study earlier this year did not work . "  You hold your breath , hoping that it 's working . Then , when the CT scan comes back and it shows the tumors are growing , it 's really frustrating . " "  Do I get depressed ? Yes . But do I want to give up ? No , " he says . So Cossman entered his fourth study this summer , the trial by Cerulean Pharma . Fighting on Dressed in a medical gown , Cossman awaits the CT scan . He 's gently glided into the large tube . The tests take just a few minutes . He does n't look for sympathy . He has no complaints about what he 's been dealt . In fact , he celebrates life because "  it 's been good to me . " His little girl was 5 when he was diagnosed . She 's now 13 . He says far too few cancer patients who could be eligible for trials are aware of them . He wants others who are suffering to be more proactive -- to ask their doctors about all their options . Slowly , he emerges from his CT scan . The waiting for results begins . He heads home . He tries not to get his hopes up . His phone rings after a few hours . On the other end of the line , his doctor delivers the best news he 's had in more than a year . His cancer has grown at a rate of 11 percent , enough to remain on the study . Yet the good news is only temporary . A few weeks later , blood shows up in Cossman 's bladder and a new tumor is found on his back . His doctor advises getting him off the study . Cossman hopes to enter a new one soon . "  You 're always on a roller-coaster when you have cancer . You have some successes and a lot of failures . " Does he still have the fight to live ? "  Definitely , " he says . CNN 's Jarrett Bellini contributed to this report .	John Cossman has been battling cancer for eight years He turned to clinical trials to stay alive after regular treatment options ran out He underwent his fourth clinical study this summer ; he 's one of 16 people in the study Before FDA approval , a drug goes through yearslong testing
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that federal investigators ' seizure of drug-test results of more than 90 major league baseball players five years ago was illegal . Alex Rodriguez has admitted using a "  banned substance " during the 2001-2003 seasons . The decision recommended new guidelines for computer searches to prevent investigators from using information about people who are not named in a search warrant but whose private data is stored on a computer being searched . Investigators looking into steroid use by professional baseball players obtained search warrants and subpoenas for the drug tests results on 10 major league players , but they took the results on 104 players . The Major League Baseball Players Association sued for the return of the seized results , while the government argued investigators should be able to use them since they were "  in plain sight " along with the other results during the search . The appeals court 's decision says such a standard for computer searches would be dangerous to everyone 's privacy as protected by the Constitution 's Fourth Amendment . "  Seizure of , for example , Google 's e-mail servers to look for a few incriminating messages could jeopardize the privacy of millions , " wrote the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judges . The judges noted that "  some players appear to have already suffered this very harm as a result of the government 's seizure . " The decision referred to news reports published earlier this summer that quoted "  lawyers with knowledge of the results " saying that players Sammy Sosa , Manny Ramirez , Alex Rodriguez and David Ortiz were among those testing positive for performance-enhancing drugs . Rodriguez has admitted using a "  banned substance " during the 2001-2003 seasons . The tests were conducted in 2003 under a collective bargaining agreement between Major League Baseball and the players ' union . "  Urine samples were to be collected during the first year of the agreement and each sample was to be tested for banned substances , " the court said . "  The players were assured that the results would remain anonymous and confidential ; the purpose of the testing was solely to determine whether more than five percent of players tested positive , in which case there would be additional testing in future seasons . " The test results were taken in 2004 during searches in California and Nevada of Comprehensive Drug Testing -- the company that kept the results -- and another company that stored the urine samples .	Court rules investigators ' seizure of drug-test results five years ago was illegal Decision recommended new guidelines for computer searches for investigators Court 's decision says feds search violated Constitution 's Fourth Amendment
CNN  -- Ed Sheeran is ready to become more than the latest musician in a modern British invasion . The singer-songwriter has already struck it big in his native England , becoming one of the top debut artists in the last year . Sheeran 's album , " + , " debuted on top of the UK album charts in 2011 , and it has charted in the Top 10 everywhere from Australia to the Netherlands . Sheeran has performed for the queen , and he will take the stage during the closing ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games in London . With his mix of acoustic soul , hip-hop beats and personal lyrics , Sheeran is also ready to take on a whole new market : the United States . The artist is off to a good start , having already gained a cult American following since " + " shot to a Top 5 debut on the Billboard 200 . While doing promotional rounds in the United States , CNN caught up with Sheeran at an intimate fan show for radio station 104.3 MYfm . Sheeran believes the power of the Internet helped to expand his fan base in countries where he had yet to release material . "  Anyone can get my record around the world , " Sheeran told CNN . "  Anyone can see my music videos around the world ; anyone can see me live around the world . It 's like , it 's a click of a mouse , to be honest . So that has helped out with the fan base everywhere , and especially in America . " Sheeran won two trophies at this year 's BRIT Awards , the British equivalent of the Grammys . With the current success of Adele and , on a smaller scale , One Direction and Florence + The Machine , all eyes are on the British music scene to see what else they have to offer . Sheeran , however , does n't believe this current "  British wave " is anything new . "  I think -LSB- the -RSB- Internet has a large amount to do with this invasion that the media are talking about , but I do n't think the invasion ended , " Sheeran told CNN . "  We 've been supplying you with music , you 've been supplying us with music , and it 's a good trade . We get Rihanna , you get Adele . " Now Sheeran is working on creating hits for other A-List artists . He co-wrote a track on One Direction 's album and was recently spotted heading into a studio with country music 's reigning princess , Taylor Swift . In fact , Swift proclaimed her support for Sheeran on her Twitter page . The superstar Tweeted a link to purchase " + , " declaring it "  My favorite album right now . " Sheeran recently performed at the Queen 's Jubilee concert outside of Buckingham Palace alongside superstars including Paul McCartney and Elton John . Not only was he the only debut artist in the lineup , but it was that very event that inspired him to get started in music as a child . "  The reason I started playing guitar in the first place was watching the jubilee 10 years ago when I saw Eric Clapton play on TV , " Sheeran said . "  It 's quite a weird full circle , to have 10 years on from the day you started playing guitar -LSB- to -RSB- playing -LSB- that -RSB- event . Hopefully , a 10-year-old kid will be watching that and think , ` Yeah , I want to pick up a guitar , as well . ' And then 10 years on , they might be playing it . "	Ed Sheeran is one of England 's top debut artists in the last year He 's set to take the stage during the closing ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games With his mix of soul , hip-hop and personal lyrics , he 's also ready to take on the U.S. market
Cottage Grove , Minnesota  CNN  -- Unlike many other boys his age , 17-year-old Levi Dubov wakes up excited to go to class each day . "  There is no other place like this , " he says , as he finishes up breakfast in his school 's basement cafeteria . Dubov is talking about his Yeshiva school outside Minnesota 's Twin Cities , known simply as MyYeshiva . The boys ' school not only focuses on the study of Judaism . It 's one of a few Yeshivas nationwide that combines religious teaching with a focus on students with special learning needs . The school aims to help kids who are "  stuck in the middle " -- who ca n't keep up with the pace of regular schools , but have n't completely given up either . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- a place for kids that are struggling everywhere else , " the school 's director , Rabbi Moshe Weiss , said . "  There was n't ever a place for those kids . " Students come from all over the country to attend this boarding school , including many from low-income households . "  We wanted to try and help those kids out there that need more attention , " Weiss said , sitting in his office after just returning with the students from a twice weekly hockey trip to the local ice rink . Since opening in 2006 , the school has seen its enrollment double from its inaugural class of 18 students . Dubov , now in 11th grade , feels more at home here than he did at his previous Yeshiva in his hometown of Montreal , Canada . "  They told me I was a weak learner , " he said . But he says at MyYeshiva he excels because of the different pace of teaching . Tzemi Zimmerman , a ninth-grader from Chicago , Illinois , says he struggles with attention deficit disorder  ADD  and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder  ADHD  . "  In another school , if you ca n't keep up with the learning , they 'll tell you ... ` We 're going to have to suspend you , ' " Zimmerman said . He says the school 's dedicated time for physical education -- another unique quality of this Yeshiva -- makes it easier for him to sit through classes . "  It makes you feel like people care , " he said . "  It 's just -- you 're wanted . You 're part of everybody . " Victoria Livshutz , whose son attends the school , says he would be in a much different situation if it were n't for the school . "  They are just like a family , which , to me , is very important , " she said . "  Because even though he is a big boy , he still needs a lot of attention . " The school 's co-founder Rabbi Mordechai Friedman calls MyYeshiva a place where "  there 's a little bit less of the stress in learning , a little bit more relaxed in academics . " "  We want to know how you are doing -- not just what your test scores look like , " Friedman said . While the school may be unique in many ways , it 's still a functioning business . The rough economy has n't passed by unnoticed . Weiss acknowledges they 've had difficulty making mortgage payments this past year . If they ca n't come up with the remainder of the building 's cost in cash or five-year pledges by May 15 -- about $ 500,000 -- they 'll be forced out . "  We 're talking about these kids ' home and the future kids that are going to come here , " Weiss said . "  I believe that with God 's help , the best case scenario is going to occur . " While this year the school has set tuition at more than $ 18,000 a year , it typically operates with a "  pay what you can " mentality . But this is the first time since the school opened four years ago that not one of the 36 enrolled students has been able to come up with the full amount . Weiss blames a combination of factors . "  Throughout last year , lots of our parents lost their jobs , " Weiss said , adding that they also "  lost donations due to the economy , some large . " Regardless , students and faculty are optimistic . "  What 'd they say about Chrysler ? Too big too fold . We 're not as big as Chrysler -- yet . But we 're too important , " Friedman said . "  To see the kids we 're helping , there is no way in my mind that this wo n't continue , " Rabbi Weiss said . "  God is not that cynical . " Levi Dubov says without this school , he 'll likely end up moving to Israel where his family lives now . That means he 'd have to join the Israeli army after his 18th birthday . But Tzemi Zimmerman offers a reassuring assessment : "  Someone will pull us through , " he said . "  We 're going to keep going on like this for many more years , and one day maybe I can send my children here . "	Boys ' school is one of few Yeshivas to focus on students with special learning needs MyYeshiva aims to help kids who are "  stuck in the middle " but have n't given up School has had difficulty making mortgage payments , needs $ 500,000
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Work to recover bodies from the scene of a pipeline explosion in a densely populated Nairobi slum has ended , Kenya Red Cross said Tuesday . Red Cross officials said 82 bodies had been recovered . Police pegged the number at 76 . There was no immediate explanation for the discrepancy . The blast Monday morning flattened homes , reduced some bodies to dust and forced a massive evacuation of the Sinai slum amid fears that big pools of leaked fuel could ignite , police and Kenya Red Cross officials said . The fire erupted around 10 a.m. local time , possibly as a group of people were siphoning fuel from the pipeline , which runs through the Lunga Lunga industrial area , officials said . Coming to a precise accounting of the toll may be difficult because so many of the victims were found huddled together and severely burned , Carol Nduta , a Kenya Red Cross emergency medical instructor and dispatcher who traveled to the scene , said Monday . Some of the bodies were burned to dust , she said . In addition to the dead , 118 people were hospitalized , police said . The precise cause of the incident is under investigation . Kenya Pipeline Co. , the state-owned petroleum company that owns the pipeline , said in a statement Monday night that it had detected a spill from a bypass line in the Sinai community on Monday morning and immediately moved to shut it down . State-owned Kenya Broadcasting Corporation quoted Prime Minister Raila Odinga as saying the incident occurred after a mechanism on the pipeline failed , allowing fuel to spill into a drainage ditch , where it then ignited . Police , however , said the incident may have occurred after someone punctured the pipeline in an effort to steal fuel . Fatalities from fuel leak accidents are common in Kenya . Scores of residents scramble to scoop up fuel whenever there is a leak or a tanker is involved in an accident . In 2009 , more than 100 people died in a fire after an oil tanker overturned in Molo , in western Kenya . In that incident , someone trying to take some of the fuel lit a cigarette , starting the fire . A 2009 article in a Kenyan newspaper , The Daily Nation , discussed concerns of such a fire in the Sinai slum , where residents built shanties and even a church next to or even on top of the pipeline , according to the Daily Nation . "  I do n't think there will ever be a fire , but you never know , " the newspaper quoted one resident who it said had refused to move away from the pipeline despite eviction notices from the pipeline 's owner . CNN 's Divina Mims , Andreena Narayan , Faith Karimi , Lillian Leposo , Helena DeMoura and Kim Chakanetsa contributed to this report .	NEW : Recovery work ends after Nairobi pipeline explosion NEW : Red Cross says 82 bodies have been recovered NEW : Police pegged the number at 76 An investigation into the incident 's cause is under way
New York  CNN  -- An international custody battle over a 70 million-year-old dinosaur skeleton ended Monday with the fossil being repatriated to Mongolia after having been illegally smuggled , handed from owner to owner multiple times and sold at auction . The "  nearly complete " skeleton of a Tyrannosaurus bataar -- also known as a Tarbousaurus bataar -- was turned over to representatives of the government of Mongolia by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  and U.S. attorney 's office in a New York City repatriation ceremony . "  This is one of the most important repatriations of fossils in recent years , " said ICE Director John Morton . "  We can not allow the greed of a few looters and schemers to trump the cultural interests of an entire nation . " "  After a year-long legal adventure and the worldwide publicity , the Tarbousaurus bataar indeed became a hero dinosaur at home in Mongolia , " said Tsagaan Puntsag from the office of the president of Mongolia . "  We  are very grateful to all the organizations and individuals who helped make it happen . " Under Mongolian law , dinosaur fossils are property of the Mongolian government and exporting them from the country is a criminal offense . According to court documents , the dinosaur skeleton was imported into the United States from Great Britain on March 27 , 2010 . Largely inaccurate import documents listed the bones ' country of origin as Great Britain , while several paleontologists say Tyrannosaurus bataars have been recovered only in Mongolia . The skeleton , standing 8 feet tall and stretching 24 feet in length , also was incorrectly described as various fossil reptile bones and other broken bones . U.S. authorities gained possession of the skeleton after a self-described "  commercial paleontologist " from Florida pleaded guilty in December 2012 to smuggling and other charges . As part of his plea agrement the defendant , Eric Prokopi , agreed to forfeit the bataar skeleton , as well four other dinosaur skeletons . Prokopi , whom federal investigators called "  a one-man black market in prehistoric fossils , " is out on $ 100,000 bond and is awaiting sentencing that is tentatively scheduled for August . He faces a maximum sentence of 17 years in prison , according to his lawyer Georges Lederman . Lederman has advised his client not to make any statements until he is sentenced . The government has requested , however , that Prokopi be available to lend his expertise to Mongolian paleontologists about shipping and reconstructing of the skeleton , and he is complying , according to his lawyer . Earlier in 2012 , the skeleton had been listed in an auction catalogue of Texas-based Heritage Auctions , Inc. at an estimated value between $ 950,000 to $ 1.5 million . Around the same time , Mongolian President Elbegdorj Tsakhia hired a private attorney who obtained a temporary restraining order from the Dallas County District Court to prevent the sale of the skeleton . "  At stake are the heritage , history and culture of a sovereign nation , " attorneys for Tsakhia said in the restraining order filing . The auction house disregarded the restraining order , and it was sold to an undisclosed buyer in New York for $ 1.05 million on May 20 , 2012 , contingent upon the outcome of any court proceedings instituted on behalf of the Mongolian government . In the following months , investigations by U.S. authorities and paleontologists determined the skeleton was from the western Gobi Desert in Mongolia , uncovered between 1995 and 2005 . The U.S. attorney 's office for the Southern District of New York filed action to seek forfeit of the bones , which were eventually seized by ICE 's Homeland Security Investigations . Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said Monday , "  Cultural artifacts are part of the fabric of a country 's history , and it is immensely satisfying to play a role in their return . " Michigan cousins go after crayfish , hook a mastodon Scientist describes fruit-loving , housecat sized dinosaur	The dinosaur roamed what is now the Gobi Desert in Mongolia 70 million years ago The Mongolian government had gone to U.S. courts to try to regain possession Under Mongolian law , dinosaur fossils are property of the Mongolian government U.S. attorney : "  Cultural artifacts are part of the fabric of a country 's history "
CNN  -- The United States have named former Germany captain Jurgen Klinsmann as their new national coach , just a day after sacking Bob Bradley . Bradley , who took over as coach in January 2007 , was relieved of his duties on Thursday , and U.S. Soccer Federation president Sunil Gulati confirmed in a statement on Friday that his replacement has already been appointed . "  Jurgen is a highly accomplished player and coach with the experience and knowledge to advance the program , " said Gulati . Bradley sacked as United States national coach "  He has had success in many different areas of the game and we look forward to the leadership he will provide on and off the field . " The 46-year-old Klinsmann , who will be formally introduced to the media on Monday , expressed his delight at his appointment . "  I 'm excited about the challenge ahead . I am looking forward to bringing the team together for our upcoming match against Mexico on August 10th and starting on the road towards qualifying for the 2014 FIFA World Cup . " Klinsmann , who led Germany to third place in the 2006 World Cup finals , already lives in California and has been linked with the position for some time . However , his reputation dipped slightly after taking over as Bayern Munich coach in 2008 , losing his job after just a year in charge of the Bavarian giants . During his playing career , Klinsmann was respected as one of the greatest strikers of his era . He scored 232 goals in 516 games during a 17-year club career that took in spells with Bayern , Italian side Inter Milan and English club Tottenham Hotspur . He was also a member of the West Germany side that won the 1990 World Cup and the 1996 European Championship -- scoring 47 goals in 108 matches for his country .	Jurgen Klinsmann is named as coach of the United States national side The 46-year-old German takes over from Bob Bradley who was fired this week Klinsmann steered Germany to third place in the 2006 World Cup finals
NEW YORK  CNN  -- After spending nearly 28 years in an irreversible coma , heiress and socialite Martha "  Sunny " von Bulow died Saturday in a New York nursing home , according to a family statement . She was 76 . Sunny von Bulow is pictured during her 1957 wedding to Prince Alfred von Auersperg . Von Bulow was subject of one of the nation 's most sensational criminal cases during the 1980s . Her husband , Claus , was accused of trying to kill her with an overdose of insulin , which prosecutors alleged sent her into the coma . He was convicted of making two attempts on her life , but the conviction was overturned on appeal . He was acquitted in a second trial . His retrial in 1985 received national attention . "  We were blessed to have an extraordinarily loving and caring mother , " said the statement from Von Bulow 's three children -- Annie Laurie "  Ala " Isham , Alexander von Auersperg and Cosima Pavoncelli -- released by a spokeswoman . "  She was especially devoted to her many friends and family members . " Martha von Bulow was born Martha Sharp Crawford into a wealthy family . She inherited a fortune conservatively estimated at $ 75 million , according to an article on the von Bulow case posted on truTV.com 's Crime Library Web site . In her early years , she drew comparisons to actress Grace Kelly . She became known as Princess von Auersperg with her first marriage , to Prince Alfred von Auersperg of Austria . That marriage produced two children : Alexander and Annie Laurie . The von Bulows married in 1966 and had a daughter , Cosima . On the morning of December 22 , 1980 , family members found Martha von Bulow unconscious in the bathroom of the family 's posh Newport , Rhode Island , home . She never regained consciousness . She had been hospitalized a year earlier after lapsing into a coma but recovered , according to the Crime Library site . Doctors had diagnosed her with hypoglycemia , or low blood sugar . Prosecutors accused Claus von Bulow of twice attempting to kill his wife by injecting her with insulin . The case also led to a major motion picture , "  Reversal of Fortune . " Actor Jeremy Irons won an Oscar for his portrayal of Claus von Bulow . Famed defense attorney Alan Dershowitz , who won Claus von Bulow a new trial on appeal after his conviction , said in a statement Saturday that Martha von Bulow 's death is "  a sad ending to a sad tragedy that some members of her family tried to turn into a crime . We proved overwhelming -LSB- ly -RSB- that there was no crime and that the coma was self-induced . We saved his life , but could not save hers . " Claus von Bulow 's defense team maintained that Martha von Bulow 's alcohol use , among other factors , caused her coma . Dershowitz said he had spoken with Claus von Bulow , who now lives in London , England . Claus von Bulow was saddened by his former wife 's passing , Dershowitz said . The family statement said Martha von Bulow is survived by her children , their spouses and nine grandchildren . Alexander von Auersperg and Ala von Auersperg Isham , who had sided with prosecutors against Claus von Bulow , filed a civil suit against their stepfather after his acquittal . The case was settled out of court in 1987 , according to a 2007 article in the Providence Journal newspaper in Rhode Island . Claus von Bulow had agreed to waive his claim to his wife 's money and to a divorce in exchange for the suit being dropped . The von Bulows ' daughter , Cosima , sided with her father . Vanity Fair writer Dominick Dunne , who covered the von Bulow case , told the New York Daily News in 2007 that Sunny von Bulow was moved from Columbia Presbyterian hospital to a private nursing home in 1998 . Watch Dunne recall case " Ala von Auersperg Isham served for a time as president of the Sunny von Bulow Coma and Head Trauma Research Foundation , according to the Providence Journal . An offshoot of that organization , the Brain Trauma Foundation , still operates in New York , the newspaper said . The family statement notes that Martha von Bulow actively supported the Metropolitan Museum of Art , the Metropolitan Opera and the J.P. Morgan Library in New York and the Preservation Society of Newport , Rhode Island . A private memorial service will be held for family and friends in New York in the coming days , the family statement said Saturday , along with a private burial . CNN 's Julian Cummings contributed to this report .	Husband Claus von Bulow was accused of trying to kill her with insulin overdose Conviction overturned on appeal ; he was acquitted in second trial Claus von Bulow , living in England , is saddened by former wife 's death , lawyer says She is survived by three children and nine grandchildren
Search teams shifted to a different part of the Indian Ocean Friday in their hunt for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane after "  a new credible lead , " authorities said . An analysis of radar data led investigators to move the search to an area 1,100 kilometers  680 miles  to the northeast , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said , calling the new information "  the most credible lead to where debris may be located . " "  It indicated that the aircraft was traveling faster than previously estimated , resulting in increased fuel usage and reducing the possible distance the aircraft traveled south into the Indian Ocean , " the authority said in a statement . Four search aircraft are now over the new area , with six more due to fly there over the course of Friday , said John Young , the authority 's general manager of emergency response . The renewed search for Flight 370 in the southern Indian Ocean comes a day after Japan and Thailand both said they 'd sent new satellite images to Malaysia showing separate debris fields that could be related to the plane , which vanished March 8 with 239 people aboard . Analysts said the search area shift could be a sign that investigators are closing in on the missing plane 's whereabouts . "  With this development , perhaps they 're able to hone in on the more accurate altitude , " said Mary Schiavo , a CNN aviation analyst and former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . That , experts said , could bring investigators closer to determining what happened aboard the plane , what caused it to veer off course and where it ended up . Satellite images raise hope In addition to the Japanese and Thai satellite images , Malaysian officials announced Wednesday that a French satellite had found 122 pieces of something floating nearby . It 's enough to make you wonder : Have they found that proverbial haystack inside which they 'll find the well-hidden wreckage ? Maybe . Maybe not . Search teams will have at least one more plane in their fleet starting Friday , when a second U.S. Navy P-8 Poseidon will fly from Okinawa , Japan , to Perth , Australia , to join the hunt for the missing aircraft . "  From the pilot and the aircrew perspective , they are optimistic , " said Cmdr. William Marks of the U.S. 7th Fleet . "  I know every day , when they launch a flight , they have a good feeling about finding something . But the satellite imagery has n't been conclusive . " There 's one thing that Marks said would be a defining moment in the search : visual confirmation from the search crews at sea . While analysts say it 's intriguing that the finds all appear to be in the same general area , searchers have yet to lay eyes on any of the objects , much less haul one aboard a ship and examine it . Satellite images that have been followed up on have not produced any sightings for search teams , said Young of the Australian maritime authority . "  That may change in the future , " he added . The Australian Geospatial-Intelligence Organisation is directing satellites to capture images of the new area , authorities said . Stephen Wood , a former CIA analyst and satellite imagery expert , said the satellites could be seeing something as simple as whitecaps , which he said can look deceptively like solid objects . CNN aviation analyst Jeff Wise said that while the latest find is "  very enticing , " the number and size of the objects make him question whether they could be from the plane . "  If you see something floating that 's 60 feet across , that could be a big chunk of fuselage , " he said . "  But if you have 10 pieces that are 60 feet across , that would indicate that they 're not from the plane , because the plane has only so much stuff in it . " But Miles O'Brien , another CNN aviation analyst , said what he sees on the latest satellite images does n't look like everyday garbage to him . "  What I see there is something that seems to be somewhat metallic and shiny . Looks like airplane wreckage to me . I also see some surfaces that look like they 're aerodynamic . " Geoffrey Thomas , an aviation expert and editor-in-chief of AirlineRatings.com , said he does n't have any doubts about the satellite images . "  The debris pictures we 're getting now , they absolutely have to be wreckage from this airplane , " he told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live . " "  They 're too big , there 's too many of them . And certainly , we get debris in the ocean , unfortunately , but not of this scale , not of this size . " Authorities , he said , must know more than they 're letting on . "  I think they know exactly that this is the airplane , " he said . "  And hopefully , in a few days , we 're going to get someone picking a piece up out of the water and saying , ` This is it . ' " Loved ones holding out hope With no physical evidence pointing to what happened to the plane , loved ones of the passengers onboard have said they 're still holding out hope . Sarah Bajc , the partner of American passenger Philip Wood , said she 's not convinced by the authorities ' argument that an analysis of satellite data shows that there were no survivors . The plane , she told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett Out Front , " could have landed somewhere . "  I do believe it 's still a possibility , because there 's no contradictory evidence to that being a possibility . Even the satellite data that 's been pushed forward to show or to demonstrate that the flight took the southerly route , they 're really just still guessing , " she said . "  I mean , this is not something that anybody has ever done before . So , you know , as brilliant as those mathematicians are , they do n't really know . They 're only analyzing the data that they have . They do n't really know for certain . " The confusion has left many family members of missing passengers and crew increasingly frustrated . Some have accused Malaysian authorities of failing to keep them properly informed . Others have accused officials of lying or covering up facts . Bajc said she first learned that authorities believed there were no survivors from a text message Malaysia Airlines sent to passengers ' families . "  The wording of the message led me to believe that they were going to be giving evidence that it was found , right ? That there were bodies ... and then all he did is say they 've extrapolated the data and they 're sure that it went into the water . I mean , I think that was extremely irresponsible . " ` Unspeakable challenge ' for families Mystery surfaces pain of 1977 tragedy Concerns about weather , currents Malaysian officials have defended their handling of the situation , arguing that they 've released information as soon as possible to families and the public . In recent days , authorities ' announcements have focused on the satellite images . Now the search is on for the physical evidence to back them up . The Thai images show about 300 objects ranging in size from 6 feet  2 meters  to 50 feet  15 meters  . When photographed Monday , they were about 125 miles  201 kilometers  away from the spot where a French satellite captured a floating group of objects Sunday . The Japanese images were taken Wednesday and show about 10 objects floating in a six-mile  10 kilometer  radius some 1,550 miles  2,500 kilometers  off the west coast of Australia , according to the Japanese Cabinet Intelligence and Research Office . The biggest object was square and measured some 13 feet by 26 feet  4 meters to 8 meters  , the agency said . The finds come after news Wednesday that a French satellite had seen 122 objects in the same region and follows earlier sightings by U.S. , Chinese and another French satellite . Planes are set to try to find the materials and figure out what they are on Friday after rough weather in the remote spot once again delayed search efforts Thursday . By then , experts say , these objects could have drifted hundreds of miles in the complex currents of the Indian Ocean . ' I understand him ' Meanwhile , the youngest son of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 pilot Zaharie Ahmad Shah has broken his family 's silence on the plane 's disappearance , rejecting speculation that the longtime aviator was somehow responsible . "  I 've read everything online . But I 've ignored all the speculation . I know my father better , " Ahmad Seth Zaharie , 26 , said in an interview published Thursday by the New Straits Times , an English-language Malaysian newspaper . The idea that Zaharie or co-pilot Fariq Abdul Hamid were responsible for the plane 's baffling disappearance is one of many theories investigators continue to pursue . One line of speculation suggests Zaharie might have hijacked the plane as a political act . He has been identified as a supporter of a high-profile Malaysian opposition figure . His son rejected such theories . "  We may not be as close , as he travels so much . But I understand him , " he said of his father in the interview , which was conducted Tuesday . Comments from government officials on the investigation so far support the son 's view . A senior Malaysian government official Wednesday told CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes that authorities have found nothing in 19 days of investigating the two pilots that leads them to any motive , be it political , suicidal or extremist . And an ongoing FBI review of the two pilots ' hard drives , including one in a flight simulator Zaharie had built at his home , has not turned up a "  smoking gun , " a U.S. official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN . "  They have accessed the data , " the official said . "  There is nothing that 's jumping out and grabbing us right now . " And investigators have n't found anything suspicious with any of the other crew members or passengers , leaving them struggling to find an explanation . "  I do n't think there is a prevailing theory , " one U.S. official told CNN . "  There are counterarguments to every theory right now . " Questions linger Did flammable cargo doom flight ? How they 're searching for debris	Australian authorities direct satellites to capture images of new area Four search aircraft are currently over the new search area Analysts say shift in search area could show investigators are closing in Search area shifts after a "  new credible lead " about the plane 's speed
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Ali Abdullah Saleh is no longer Yemen 's president , but he is still wielding political clout as the head of the ruling party . Saleh has threatened to withdraw all members of his party from the national government and warned the prime minister he could face imprisonment . Protesters took to the streets in mass demonstrations over the past year , calling for Saleh 's departure from office . He finally stepped down last month in exchange for immunity in part of a power transfer deal brokered by the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council . However , he remains president of the ruling General People 's Congress party . Tension has escalated between Saleh and the new regime after new President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi said he was planning major reforms , said Yahya al-Arasi , Hadi 's spokesman . Prime Minister Mohammed Saleh Basendowah recently attended a ceremony at Change Square in Sanaa and condemned the old regime 's attacks against unarmed youth protesters . The square was the base of the protests that erupted last year against Saleh 's rule . As a result , Saleh threatened to imprison Basendowah if he does not listen to his orders , a presidential aide who asked not to be named because of the sensitive nature of the issue . "  Saleh informed the prime minister to take orders from him or else he will take him to prison , " the aide said . "  Saleh has not yet realized that he is not president and such actions will turn the country into chaos . Saleh must leave the country if the international community seeks to see a stable Yemen . " Saleh threatened to withdraw all members of his party from the national government to protest the way Hadi 's administration is dealing with the political crisis in the country , embroiled in discord and violence . "  The former president is complicating matters and making it difficult for factions to go forward with reforms in Yemen , " al-Arasi said . Hadi has taken precautionary measures , his spokesman said . He will announce the formation of a new unity government if Saleh orders his party officials to step down from their posts . Senior GPC officials told CNN that Saleh was angered at the president and prime minister 's stances . "  Both men are trying to damage the image of the GPC leader . Saleh is still the president of the largest party in the country and must be treated with respect , " said a senior GPC aide who asked to remain anonymous . But opposition parties condemned Saleh 's verbal attacks on the prime minister . They called on Hadi to stand against Saleh and what they say are his efforts to ruin the country after he was forced out of power . Mohammed Qahtan , a senior opposition Joint Meeting Parties official , said it 's sad that Saleh 's GPC officials are remaining quiet about Saleh 's maneuverings . "  We regret the fact that Saleh threatens the prime minister and his party leaders are quiet . The GPC have to choose between joining the government under President Hadi or standing with a person who lost all legitimacy to power in Yemen , " Qahtan said .	Ali Abdullah Saleh still heads the ruling GPC party The new PM condemned the old regime 's attacks against young people There have been tensions between Saleh and the new president
CNN  -- New Mexico homeowners who were evacuated more than a week ago will be allowed to return home Tuesday , fire officials said . "  Homeowners will be driven to their homes in government vehicles to stay , " said Reynaldo Rivera , public information officer for the Los Conchas fire . Thousands of families in Cochiti Mesa were forced from their homes shortly after the massive fire began June 26 . On Monday , more than 2,100 firefighters were battling the wildfire that was still threatening hundreds of buildings and ancient sites on Indian lands in northern New Mexico . The Las Conchas fire has scorched more than 123,000 acres and destroyed more than 100 buildings , including 63 homes , according to InciWeb , an online interagency database that keeps track of natural disasters such as fires and floods . The fire was 27 percent contained , the website stated . "  We are not out of the woods yet , " said Brad Pitassi , an incident management team spokesman . "  This will take a long time to contain . " The fire was threatening a number of ancient American Indian sites . It had burned thousands of acres on the Santa Clara Indian Reservation and had spread onto the Bandelier National Monument , home to ancient Pueblo homes , rock paintings and petroglyphs , fire officials said . Federal agencies also warned that heavy smoke and ash was making air quality unhealthy as far away as Albuquerque , Santa Fe and Taos , and they warned the elderly , children and those with heart or lung problems to stay indoors , according to a news release from federal agencies associated with the firefight . Since starting last week , the Las Conchas fire quickly expanded into the Santa Fe National Forest and Jemez Ranger District . It spread rapidly because of strong winds , high temperatures and dry conditions that have similarly fueled dozens of other fires around the region . Despite continued challenges , firefighters made some significant progress over the weekend . Most notably , Los Alamos County Police Chief Wayne Torpy announced that a majority of roadblocks across the county were being lifted , allowing roughly 10,000 residents to return home . Investigators determined that the fire was sparked after an aspen tree knocked down by strong winds struck a power line and caught fire , said New Mexico State Forester Tony Delfin . The tree then hit the ground and sparked nearby vegetation , he said . The fire has engulfed much of the Santa Fe National Forest , the Valles Caldera National Preserve and Bandelier National Park . It also prompted the closure of Los Alamos National Laboratory . On Saturday , the state of emergency for the lab was lifted , and the lab announced that it will reopen to employees Wednesday . At no time were nuclear or hazardous materials on site threatened , the laboratory said in a statement , adding that it was moving into an "  operational recovery mode . " About 20 archaeologists are also part of the firefighting effort , charged with identifying and helping minimize damage from spreading fires or suppression efforts . At least one is assigned to each bulldozer and road grader , one of a host of measures taken to protect archaeological sites , according to the Incident Management Team . The fire already burned over many such sites in the area , which is known for its Native American history . The Las Conchas fire is just one of dozens still burning in the United States , especially in the Southwest . Several of those are also in New Mexico , including the 100,831-acre Donaldson fire , about 10 miles south of Hondo , and the 10,250-acre Pacheco fire , about nine miles north of Santa Fe . Pitassi said that a combination of "  extremely dry fuels , " rugged terrain , strong winds and high temperatures have led to a "  record-breaking year " for wildfires in the United States -- and one that still has no clear end in sight . "  We 've had almost a perfect-storm scenario , " he said . CNN 's Antoinette Campbell contributed to this report	Thousands of residents can return home Tuesday The Las Conchas fire is still threatening a number of ancient American Indian sites Los Alamos National Laboratory will reopen to employees Wednesday More than 123,000 acres have been burned since the fire started
After beating former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic to reach the semifinals of the Australian Open , rising tennis star Eugenie Bouchard is one step closer to making her dreams come true . No , not dreams of a first grand slam title , but a date with fellow Canadian and teenage heartthrob Justin Bieber . With her mind still racing after coming from one-set down to beat 14th seed Ivanovic 5-7 7-5 6-2 and reach the last four of a major for the first time , Bouchard was asked during her on-court interview who her ideal date would be . The world No. 31 plumped for Bieber , who has a dedicated army of fans -- known as "  Beliebers " -- and over 48 million followers on Twitter . "  I like him , I like his songs , I think he has a lot of talent , " 19-year-old Bouchard told CNN . "  For sure he 's doing some crazy teenage things , but I think he 's really cool . " Bouchard , making her debut in the Australian Open main draw , is the first Canadian since Carling Bassett-Seguso at the 1984 U.S. Open to reach the last four of a grand slam . No Canadian has ever reached a grand slam final . "  I 'm proud to make some kind of history , " added Bouchard , who is seeded 30th in Melbourne . "  That 's really cool . "  If it improves the popularity of the sport back home and if little kids , little girls want to play the sport because of me , that 's an honor . " Blog : Five future tennis stars to watch Before Bouchard can turn her attentions to Bieber , she has a semifinal with last year 's beaten finalist Li Na to contend with . The fourth seed was in complete control as she brushed aside Italy 's Flavia Pennetta 6-2 6-2 . "  I prepared at least one and a half days for this match , " the 2011 French Open champion told reporters . "  I knew she was going to be a tough opponent -- I had played her four times before , and every time was tough . "  But I do n't really know what happened today . I just played really well . I just prepared really well before I came to the court . "  I 'm really happy . Everyone wants to win a grand slam , but you have to be in the semis first , right ? "	Eugenie Bouchard reaches the semifinal of the Australian Open after beating Ana Ivanovic After the match , Bouchard revealed her dream date would be fellow Canadian Justin Bieber The 19-year-old will play China 's Li Na in the last four at Melbourne Park
Jason Koger is happy to be alive . In 2008 , the young husband and father was riding his four-wheeler on his grandfather 's farm when he came in contact with a downed power line . His body was jolted with 7,200 volts of electricity . "  I remember waking up from an induced coma a few days later and being told that they had to amputate my both hands in order to save my life , " said Koger , now 34 . "  My mom and dad kept telling me that I would get through this . " And he has . Since his accident , Koger has had a variety of prosthetic hands to help him function with his "  new normal " in everyday life . "  It 's like I 'm carrying a tool box , but only have one tool , " said Koger . "  You ca n't use a wrench for everything . " In recent years , the prosthetic devices field has seen remarkable developments . And Koger is the first double amputee in the world to receive one of the most innovative products on the market : bionic hands that are , in part , controlled by an iPhone app . The i-Limb Ultra Revolution is the latest innovation from UK-based prosthetic developers Touch Bionics . FDA approves first bionic eye The hand offers "  unparalleled dexterity and control , enabling wearers to more easily perform activities of daily living and thus increase their quality of life , " said Ian Stevens , CEO of Touch Bionics . The company claims it offers the closest thing on the market to a real human hand . Unlike most conventional prosthetics , this hand boasts five individually-powered fingers -- including a fully rotatable thumb . "  This is something we 've never seen available for patients before , " said John Miguelez , senior clinical director at Advanced Arm Dynamics , who is not affiliated with Touch Bionics . The prosthesis also has an auto-grasp feature , which prevents accidental slippage when , say , holding a soda can or picking up an apple . But the most unique part of the prosthetic is the app control . On an iPod Touch or an iPhone 5 , users can select 24 different types of grip patterns that will allow more functionality . "  If you are holding a computer mouse  and  you want to right click , that is a complicated thing with a prosthetic . But this integrated app technology allows a person to do this with ease , " said Miguelez . These are basic movements many of us take for granted : a tri-pod grip to pick up a pen , or hand-shake grip for business meetings , said Miguelez , who has fitted hundreds of amputees with prosthetic devices . Amputee scales 103 floors with mind-controlled ` bionic leg ' "  For the first time in five years I can hold my daughter 's hand , " said Koger . "  I ca n't tell you what a gift that feels like . " Users can also customize grip patterns through the integrated app technology . "  Let 's say you want to go out and play pool with your friends . You can customize a grasp pattern that allows you to hold the pool stick -- or if you like to do handy work , you may customize one to hold an electric drill , " said Miguelez . The hands are not waterproof , which is one reason Koger says he 'll still keep his other prosthetics , like his metal claw , available . "  Nothing is perfect , but I feel like I can be a more active participant in everyday life with these hands , " said Koger , who now spends his time reaching out to new amputees about keeping a positive outlook on their situation . "  I can do pretty much everything I could before ; it just might take me a little longer . "	Jason Koger 's hands were amputated after a four-wheeler accident Bionic hand users can customize different grips -- holding a pool stick , for example "  For the first time in five years , I can hold my daughter 's hand , " Koger says
New York  CNN  -- On the same day that a defense attorney was assigned to Maksim Gelman , accused of killing four during a New York City stabbing and carjacking spree , one of his surviving victims recalled the terror he felt during the alleged rampage . During a court hearing Monday , Gelman was appointed a defense attorney -- public defender Ed Friedman . Sunday night , he was arraigned in Brooklyn Criminal Court on four counts of murder , one count of attempted murder , one count of assault , two counts of robbery and two counts of criminal possession of a weapon , Brooklyn district attorney 's office spokesman Jonah Bruno said . On Monday , Joe Lozito told HLN 's Vinne Politan that he felt "  every kind of emotion -- scared to death , you 're angry " -- when Gelman allegedly lunged at him with a knife Sunday morning about a Manhattan subway train . Lozito is out of the hospital , where he earlier had been in stable condition being treated for cuts to his head and neck . The Philadelphia resident , who works in New York , said he anticipated confronting Gelman once again in court . "  I have the scars on my head and I have the memories I probably wo n't be able to rid myself of , and I want this guy to go away for a long time , " Lozito said . As he was led away from Brooklyn 's 61st precinct to an awaiting police cruiser Sunday , Gelman was deluged with questions from gathered media and hostile shouts from the crowd . After uttering an expletive , he said , "  This was a set-up , man . " Authorities alleged Saturday that Gelman fatally stabbed three people , hit and killed a man with a car , slashed at least five other people and carjacked two vehicles before he was wrestled to the ground early Saturday after trying to break into the cab of a subway train . Friedman said Gelman 's case will head to a grand jury Friday . Gelman , 23 , who is unemployed and known to authorities mostly as a graffiti artist , was arrested about 9 a.m. Saturday , about 28 hours after he is alleged to have begun the spree spanning three New York boroughs , Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said Saturday . "  It 's so horrendous and bizarre , " Kelly told reporters Saturday . "  We have no reason that we can give you as to why he did this . " Police believe Gelman got into a dispute with his mother at her Brooklyn home about 5 a.m. Friday after she refused to let him take her 2004 Lexus . The suspect 's stepfather , Aleksandr Kuznetsov , intervened and was stabbed 11 times , they said . Kuznetsov , 54 , died , while Gelman 's mother -- who survived unscathed -- alerted authorities . Investigators believe Gelman then took the Lexus , drove about a mile away to the home of his ex-girlfriend and stabbed her mother , 56-year-old Anna Bulchenko , 11 times , at about 10:30 a.m. Gelman 's former girlfriend found her mother dead on the floor when she returned home at about 4:15 p.m. , police said . She called police . But in the short period before they arrived , authorities believe Gelman -- who presumably was still in the apartment -- allegedly attacked the former girlfriend , Yelena Bulchenko , 20 , with a knife . He chased her into the street and killed her , also slashing the jacket sleeve of a passerby trying to stop him , authorities said . He then left the scene in the Lexus and rear-ended another car , a Pontiac Bonneville , allegedly stabbing its 60-year-old driver three times in the shoulder and neck in a confrontation and then leaving the scene in that car , police said . Authorities said they later found four kitchen knives in the Lexus . About 4:25 p.m. , the car allegedly struck a pedestrian about two miles away , Kelly said . Steve Tannenbaum , 60 , died of his injuries . Police believe the suspect eventually abandoned the Pontiac , which was later found near a Brooklyn railroad line he was known to frequent as a graffiti artist . Shortly before 1 a.m. Saturday , Gelman allegedly got into a cab in Brooklyn and stabbed the driver . As of Saturday , that driver was in stable condition . Kelly said Gelman then got out of the car and confronted a couple , allegedly stabbing a man in the hands and taking his car keys . That man was treated and released at a hospital , Kelly said . The car , a Nissan , was later found in Queens . Shelton Pottinger told reporters he was that victim . "  He looked crazy , " he said of the man who stabbed him . "  He looked like a crazy guy . " He said the man pulled a knife and a gun and told him to get out of the car or he would kill him . "  I was shocked , " he said . "  I did n't know what to do . " But he said he decided to fight , and moved over into the passenger seat . "  I was trying to kick him to get him out . " But he said the man forced his way in and hit the gas . Pottinger said he was holding on to the man 's hands as he tried to stab him . Police received a tip Saturday morning that the suspect might have been riding a southbound subway train in Manhattan . A woman approached police at a subway stop and said Gelman knocked a newspaper featuring his picture from her hands and said to her , "  Do you believe what they 're writing about me ? " before crossing the tracks and jumping onto a train . The man stabbed a seated passenger -- 40-year-old Lozito , who said he did n't know the suspect or about the alleged stabbing spree until he landed in the hospital -- during his time onboard . Gelman allegedly told Lozito , "  You 're going to die " before attacking him with the knife from above . "  At that moment , I 'm not thinking much of anything besides survive , " recalled Lozito , who said he tried to tackle the suspect after he was slashed in the head . Eventually , the man worked his way to the front cab of the train . The commissioner said the suspect pounded on the cab 's door , yelling "  Police " -- apparently trying to get in by claiming he was a police officer . He did not appear to know two transit police officers , later identified as Terrance Howell and Tamara Taylor , were inside the cab with the train 's operator . Soon after , the officers -- with aid from off-duty New York police Detective Marcelo Razzo and an unnamed civilian nearby -- wrestled Gelman to the ground , police said . No one was hurt in that scuffle , during which a knife fell to the ground . Police also found Gelman had another , smaller , knife when they detained him . He also had what Kelly described as a "  significant amount of money . " Kelly said the suspect was mostly "  incoherent " after being arrested , making a statement that "  she had to die . " The commissioner said he did not know who "  she " referred to . Kelly said Gelman had 10 previous arrests , mostly for drug charges and graffiti , plus one robbery charge . His most recent arrest was January 26 , when he was accused of possessing crack cocaine . For roughly the past seven years , Gelman has been a naturalized U.S. citizen . He arrived in this country with his father and mother in 1992 from his native Ukraine . CNN 's Cheryl Robinson contributed to this report	NEW : A victim recalls his attack : "  I 'm not thinking much of anything besides survive " Maksim Gelman was appointed a defense attorney during a court hearing Monday He is accused of killing four people -- stabbing three and running over another The dead include his stepfather , his former girlfriend and her mother
CNN  The death of the founding father of Singapore last Monday is an appropriate occasion to reflect on nation building . As prime minister for its first three decades , Lee Kuan Yew raised a poor port from the bottom rungs of the third world to the first world in a single generation . As it prepares to mark its 50th anniversary as a nation , Singapore is today an ultra-modern metropolis of almost six million people with higher per capita GDP than the United States , according to the World Bank . Lee 's achievement in building a successful nation contrasts sharply with the results of Washington 's expenditure of over $ 4 trillion and nearly 7,000 American lives in Iraq and Afghanistan over the past decade . Some say Singapore 's story is sui generis : Something that could only happen in that time and place . But its remarkable performance has less to do with miraculous conditions than with Lee 's model of disciplined , visionary leadership . Leaders of other aspiring-to-develop nations , and even the U.S. , should take pages from Lee Kuan Yew 's playbook to address current challenges . We know many of Lee 's lessons on the role of government leadership in development because my co-authors and I asked him directly two years ago to reflect on them -- points we captured in our book , Lee Kuan Yew : The Grand Master 's Insights on China , the United States , and the World . Five stand out . First , Lee insisted that governance was first and foremost about results . In his words , "  the acid test of any legal system is not the greatness or the grandeur of its ideal concepts , but whether , in fact , it is able to produce order and justice . " About the core purposes of government , he was crystal clear . In terms America 's founding fathers would recognize , he believed that "  the ultimate test of the value of a political system is whether it helps that society establish conditions which improve the standard of living for the majority of its people , plus enabling the maximum of personal freedoms compatible with the freedoms of others in society . " Second , superior performance requires superior leadership . Lee demanded of leaders both intellectual and moral superiority . Contrary to modern Western democratic theory that emphasizes citizens ' participation in governance , his views were closer to Plato 's conception of the "  guardians , " or China 's historical Mandarins . Good government requires most of all leaders who put the public good unquestionably above their own personal interests . He was disappointed by many of his counterparts who failed that test . Third , successful societies guarantee strict equality of opportunity for all individuals , but are realistic about the fact that this will yield substantial inequalities in outcomes . For Lee , the essence of a successful society was intense competition on a level playing field that allows each individual to achieve his or her maximum . Few things offended him more than denial of equality of opportunity on the basis of caste  India  , class  Europe  , race  the U.S. during segregation  , sex , or other irrelevant attributes . As he put it , the leader 's objective was to "  build up a society in which people will be rewarded not according to the amount of property they own , but according to their active contribution to society in physical or mental labor . " Fourth , about democracy , particularly Western liberal democracy , Lee had serious reservations . In part , this attitude stemmed from his own experience , but it also reflected a deeper philosophical aversion to ideologies . As he liked to say , "  the acid test is performance , not promises . The millions dispossessed in Asia care not and know not of theory . They want a better life . They want a more equal , just society . " Lee enjoyed engaging American critics who insisted that without democracy Singapore could not develop an advanced economy . In contrast , he argued that what most countries needed was more "  discipline , " rather than democracy . He noted that the U.S. had been building democracy and giving aid to the Philippines for over a century . But , he asked , how many people from Singapore sought to leave it for the Philippines ? Many people in the Philippines , he noted , wanted to move to Singapore . On one occasion , with a broad smile , he continued , "  and you will notice that since the Vietnam War and the Great Society , the U.S. system has not functioned even for the United States . " Fifth , which leaders did he most admire ? From the recent past , he focused on three : Charles de Gaulle , Deng Xiaoping , and Winston Churchill . "  De Gaulle , because he had tremendous guts ; Deng , because he changed China from a broken-backed state , which would have imploded like the Soviet Union , into what it is today ; and "  Churchill , because any other person would have given up . " On the current scene , the leader who impressed him most was the new president of China , Xi Jinping . As he said just before Xi took office : "  I would put him in Nelson Mandela 's class of persons . A person with enormous emotional stability who does not allow his personal misfortunes or sufferings to affect his judgment . In a word , he is impressive . " As China 's leaders attempt to follow in Lee 's footsteps in building a Mandarin-Leninist led nation that overtook the U.S. last year in GDP  measured by PPP  to become the world 's largest economy , and democratic India seems poised to grow at rates that will compete with China , we can reflect on lessons from Lee Kuan Yew and place our bets . Governing a nation in which two of every three citizens believe their country is headed in the wrong direction -- and have believed so under Democratic and Republican Presidents for all of the 21st century -- American leaders should ask whether it is time to focus on the acid test of performance rather than the litmus test of ideology .	In Singapore , Lee Kuan Yew had remarkable success in creating a prosperous modern state His lessons should prove instructive to other leaders in a time of great instability , writes Graham Allison Lee passed on his insights on the role of government leadership in development to Allison
CNN  Half of the players in Monday night 's inaugural College Football Playoff National Championship will walk away with the title of best in their game , but the averages foretell that fewer than 2 % will make it in the pros . For the rest , their futures lie elsewhere , and while most of the players taking the field Monday are on scholarship and all of them were given an opportunity for an education , whether that opportunity is realized is another matter . A recent poll shows that American sports fans are not surprised that many athletes will squander their shot at education -- because they or someone else has decided that football should be the No. 1 priority while they are in school , because their classes must fit into practice schedules or because their goals are set by athletic departments rather than academic advisers . The poll also suggests that most fans have lost faith in the notion of the student-athlete . In last week 's Monmouth University poll of 1,008 adults , 67 % said they thought universities put too much emphasis on their athletic programs , and only 24 % thought colleges with big-time programs -- such as the Oregon Ducks and Ohio State Buckeyes , which are taking the field in Arlington , Texas , on Monday -- find the right academic-athletic balance . "  Americans are in love with big-time college sports , but as the Monmouth poll makes clear , they also recognize that many institutes of higher education are not properly balancing the important mix of athletics and academics , " Monmouth President Paul Brown said in a news release . The NCAA could not be reached for comment on the polling data . Fans feel they know why the balance is off and who 's to blame , according to the poll : Three out of four said the pressure of competition in big-time college athletics warps a school 's priorities , while 42 % of respondents said the NCAA does a poor job of emphasizing the right balance . "  I think the poll has it right . I think America has a pretty good pulse on what 's going on , " said Ramogi Huma , president of the National College Players Association , which strives for NCAA reform . Consider the disparity in the numbers . While the average in-state public school scholarship is worth about $ 15,000 a year and the average private university scholarship is worth about $ 35,000 annually , according to the NCAA , top-notch football programs stand to make millions by shipping their teams off to bowl games . The SEC and ACC , two of the Power Five football conferences , are projected to reel in more than $ 80 million each from bowl season , which they 'll distribute to their member institutions . A lot of the money comes from TV rights , and the College Football Playoff promises to make those rights even more lucrative , as the two playoff games leading up to Monday 's showdown -- the Rose and Sugar bowls -- drew 28.2 million and 28.3 million viewers , respectively , making them the most-watched shows in cable history , according to ESPN , which aired the games . By comparison , last year 's Bowl Championship Series final between Auburn and Florida State , also on ESPN , recorded an audience of 25.6 million . The record for viewership in a championship game , 35.6 million , is the 2006 Rose Bowl between Texas and the University of Southern California , which aired on ABC . "  When you 're a player , everything tells you that you are there for athletics first , " Huma said . "  You schedule classes around practice , you have to find a major that you can succeed at around that . " Quarterback Cardale Jones , who will be starting for Ohio State on Monday , apparently received that message when he infamously tweeted as a freshman two years ago , "  Why should we have to go to class if we came here to play FOOTBALL . We ai n't come to play SCHOOL classes are POINTLESS . " He was suspended and has since called the tweet "  just a stupid thing to do at that time . " Last year , when football players at Northwestern University -- a school with one of the more admirable academic-athletic reputations -- went to the National Labor Relations Board in an attempt to unionize , it was discovered that during the season , athletes devoted 50 hours a week to their sport . That 's well above the NCAA 's 20-hour rule , which mandates that student-athletes may engage in "  countable athletically related activities " for only four hours a day and 20 hours a week during the season , and eight hours a week the rest of the year . Included in those activities are games , practices , film sessions , conditioning , meetings called by coaches and workouts with coaches present , according to the NCAA . When Northwestern 's daily football schedule was entered into the record during the labor board hearing , it showed that much of the week was about athletics . The board later ruled in favor of Northwestern football , citing the demanding hours . Commissioner Bob Bowlsby of the Big 12 , another Power Five conference , said in 2013 that the 20-hour rule "  is a joke " because there were "  too many exemptions , too much falsification of records . " Among the activities that do not count toward the 20-hour rule are voluntary workouts , voluntary sports-related activities with no coach present , recruitment activities , traveling to competitions , training room activities , rehabilitation , medical exams and public appearances , the NCAA states . Huma cited basketball 's March Madness as a clear example . A team that makes it to the Final Four , the semifinals of the three-week-long tournament , could miss huge chunks of class , he said . Kain Colter , the Northwestern player who started the labor union movement , testified during the March 2014 hearing that he was forced to change his major from pre-med because it did n't fit into his practice schedule . That 's something athletes at universities across the country echo , Huma said . "  Ultimately , you can see it in the graduation rates , " he said . "  Significant time demands are a significant contributor to the poor graduation rates among football and basketball players . " You can also see it in the scandals . There have been 37 academic fraud scandals since 1990 , according to research done by the University of Oklahoma 's Gerald Gurney and Eric Snyder and Ohio University 's David Ridpath , professors working on academic reform . That includes the latest and largest scandal at the University of North Carolina , which was once revered for its ability to produce talented athletes who also succeeded in the classroom . Much of that success has now been called into question , as an independent investigation uncovered an 18-year cheating scandal last year . The investigation , conducted by former Prosecutor Ken Wainstein , found that thousands of athletes who were underprepared or too busy with athletics were funneled into "  paper classes " where a one-time paper was accepted for an easy grade . Many of those papers were plagiarized , and administrators often knew it , the investigation found . "  I think the UNC example stands as a testimony to what little opportunity these athletes have for a real education , " said Gurney , who is current president of the Drake Group for academic integrity in collegiate sport . "  The NCAA and  its president  Mark Emmert , specifically Mark Emmert , promise athletes a world-class education , and that simply is not true and a boldface lie when it pertains to football and men 's basketball players in Division I. " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Poll : Only 24 % feel programs like Oregon , Ohio State find academic-athletic balance 3 of 4 of those polled say competitive pressure of sports warps school priorities Scandals , graduation rates indicate American fans understand reality , expert says
CNN  -- She was a call girl working the streets of Sin City . He 's a guitarist in a heavy metal band . They found commonality in their Christian faith and Friday evening , the two were married in a Las Vegas , Nevada , ceremony broadcast live via the Web . Its Web site says Hookers for Jesus "  addresses the realities of human sex trafficking . " Annie Lobrt , who founded Hookers for Jesus , and musician Oz Fox of the Christian band Stryper said their "  I do 's " at the Church of South Las Vegas in front of an applauding crowd and an audience on the Internet . The wedding had been widely touted on several Christian Web sites . Lobrt , 41 , walked up to the stage in a white strapless gown , gloves and veil . Earlier this week , she wrote on her MySpace blog : "  I am getting married . It 's about time . " She had worked as a prostitute for 11 years , making as much as $ 500 an hour . She said she hit rock bottom when she overdosed on cocaine and everything went black , according to an ABC interview posted on her Web site . She asked Jesus to help her and became what many jokingly call a "  porn-again Christian . " Lobrt says her mission now is to save the souls of women who sell their bodies . She often spends time at night on Las Vegas streets handing out Bibles to prostitutes and seeking to convince them there is a better way to make a living . The Hookers for Jesus Web site describes the organization as "  an international , faith-based organization that addresses the realities of human sex trafficking , sexual violence and exploitation linked to pornography and the sex industry . " Before he administered the vows , Pastor Benny Perez said Lobrt was a shining example of Christ 's love for everyone . Fox , 47 , is a longtime member of Stryper , which stands for Salvation Through Redemption , Yielding Peace , Encouragement and Righteousness . The band 's albums include "  Reborn : and "  In God We Trust . "	The bride : Annie Lobrt , a former prostitute and founder of Hookers for Jesus The groom : Musician Oz Fox , longtime member of the Christian band Stryper Couple wed in South Las Vegas in front of an applauding crowd and a Web audience Lobrt 's mission : To save the souls of women who sell their bodies
CNN  Last weekend , a 17-year-old apparently committed suicide in Ohio . And because she was transgender , many assigned a political or social or religious narrative to her story before even fully recognizing her death . A disturbing trend when you consider the string of recent dramatic and , it must be said , senseless deaths that have crowded the nation 's headlines . Looking through the agenda-driven prisms that helped define 2014 , they all appear disconnected . But when we pause , we can see they are anything but . Consider what happened earlier this month , when Kathleen McCartney , president of Smith College in Northampton , Massachusetts , sent a campuswide email in support of students protesting grand jury decisions not to charge the police officers who killed Michael Brown in Ferguson and Eric Garner in Staten Island . In it she said : "  We are united in our insistence that all lives matter . " Later , McCartney was forced to apologize . You see , because she did n't specifically say "  black lives matter , " she was accused of minimizing the pain and experience that was specific to the black community . I would argue "  all lives matter " is every bit as revolutionary of a rallying cry and should hardly be said in shame . I thought about her apology after a man who was reportedly mentally ill drove from Baltimore to Brooklyn and shot two police officers in the head while they were at work . And I 'm thinking about her apology now as my heart aches over the suicide of Leelah Alcorn , the teenager who took apparently took her life on Sunday . "  The only way I will rest in peace is if one day transgender people are n't treated the way I was , they 're treated like humans , with valid feelings and human rights , " she wrote on Tumblr hours before stepping in front of a tractor-trailer on Interstate 71 . She also wrote : "  my death needs to mean something , " obviously feeling her life did not . If you fail to see the connection between Alcorn , the fallen police officers , Brown and Garner , then you are missing something important about what binds a society . Laws and culture form sturdy beams , but the foundation of civilization is empathy . It is a slender but invaluable thread that allows us to communicate with those who speak a different language , explains why men double over at the sight of a male being struck in the groin , why our own eyes fill with tears at others ' sorrow and loss and why laughter is contagious . Our innate ability to identify with the needs and experiences of others -- to have compassion , empathy -- is the very thing that makes us human . Thus , the less empathy we have for others -- the less "  all lives matter " to us -- the less civilized we become . The less civilized we become , the less human we are . Of course , the notion that "  all lives matter " does not speak directly to the implicit biases that have led to the criminal justice system 's mistreatment of people of color . It does not highlight the sacrifices law enforcers make or the dangers they face each day . "  All lives matter " does not note the discrimination and ostracization of transgender people that apparently led to the torment felt by Leelah Alcorn -- discrimination and ostracization that even occurs within the larger lesbian , gay and bisexual community . But it does remind us that before we are black , white , Christian , liberal or gay , we are human . Because in the end , the lapses in humanity that led to each of the high-profile deaths that have rocked our culture may be different in their particulars , but they are the same in the pain experienced by loved ones left behind . Over my 20-plus years as a journalist , I have covered numerous deaths . I can tell you about the agony in the eyes of the mother of Matthew Shepard , the 21-year-old gay man who was pistol-whipped , tied to a fence and eventually died back in 1998 ; it is similar to the pain in the eyes of Trayvon Martin 's mother . The cries I heard at the memorial service for Michael Brown this past summer were as hard to hear as the cries I heard at a service for Wes Leonard , a 16-year-old who collapsed and died on his high school 's basketball court three years ago . Again , the circumstances surrounding each death are vastly different from one another . But when a parent buries a child , the hurt is hard to differentiate . There is a time to dissect mitigating circumstances , but it should not come before experiencing humanity and learning something from how we feel . It is a constant struggle to hold on to what connects us . Especially when so many forces -- politics , media , religion -- flood in to demonize our differences , alienate one group of people from another , drown our compassion and leave our very humanity gasping for air . A 17-year-old transgender girl took her own life during the holiday season . Before we point fingers assigning blame , can we at least pause long enough to think about the meaning of a girl 's lost life ? To mourn ? To feel ? To be human ?	LZ : Transgender teen killed self . Many make it social , political story ; we should see humanity He says in reaction to deaths of cops , Garner , Brown , empathy falls away , agendas take over LZ : In these and teen 's death , we too often show lapse in crucial empathy that binds us
CNN  -- Traditionally , Saudi Arabia has n't had much time for film . The country boasts no cinemas , and until last year , nothing but a handful of shorts had ever even been filmed on Saudi soil . It seems the country is looking to make a change , though . For the first time , Saudi Arabia 's Association for Culture and Arts has submitted a film for consideration for an Oscar . This first is especially momentous in light of the fact that the writer-director also happens to be a woman . The film , called "  Wadjda " , is named after its protagonist , a young girl who wants to own a bike . The story , created by Saudi 's first female director , Haifaa Al Mansour , is a parable for female independence in a country renowned for setting limits on women 's movements and ambitions . "  I tried to create a character that is not passive , that has a huge love of life . She wants to embrace and pursue her dreams . A lot of Saudi girls are like that ; they have this huge potential , but give up because the culture is very rigid , and they are afraid to challenge everything , " Al Mansour says . Video : Saudi film breaks boundaries Filming as a woman in Saudi Arabia -- a country where women are not allowed out in public without a guardian -- was particularly challenging for Al Mansour , who had to direct from inside , conversing with actors using a walkie-talkie . "  Because Saudi Arabia is a very segregated country , I could n't be in the streets when we had our shoot , " she explains . Film , she says , is not always viewed favorably by Saudi culture . "  Film in general is controversial in Saudi , and there will be people who oppose it because it 's a story told by a woman and because it 's coming from Saudi , and they want to preserve Saudi as this is a very pure place and they think film is corrupt . " While many are celebrating Al Mansour 's efforts  it 's picked up a fair share of awards on the festival circuit , including three at the Venice Film Festival  , she has her critics inside the country . She has even received death threats for her work . "  That does n't matter to me . Everyone in the media business in Saudi receives death threats , " she says . Read more : Saudi Arabia launches first anti-domestic violence ad Still , that the country is eager to showcase the movie shows Saudi Arabia is opening up , both in terms of how they deem film and in regards to women 's rights . "  It 's time for Saudi Arabia to celebrate art . This shows Saudi Arabia is changing , " she says . "  It also shows that Saudi Arabia can be known for more than just oil . It can be known for its culture as well . "	Saudi Arabia submitted the country 's first feature film Oscar consideration . The movie , Wadjda , was written and directed by Haifaa Al Mansour , a woman . In Saudi Arabia , women can not be seen in public with men who are not relatives Al Mansour had to direct the film from inside a van using walkie-talkies .
Although my work has been in Washington , D.C. , my home and heart have always been along the beautiful coastline of the Monterey Peninsula in California . It 's a place where I first developed my dedication to public service . And it inspired what would become a lifelong effort to promote responsible stewardship of our oceans . Healthy oceans benefit all Americans , whether they live on our nation 's coasts or in the heartland . That 's why I eagerly agreed in the mid-2000s to help lead the Pew Ocean Commission , a special effort to bring together leading voices from around the United States to examine the health of our oceans through the lens of science , not partisan politics . Ten years ago , the commission released its findings , the nation 's first comprehensive report on the state of America 's marine environment in more than 40 years . Because of leadership from both sides of the aisle in Congress and from Democratic and Republican administrations alike , we 've made remarkable progress over the past decade since the release of that report to address many of the problems it identified . But , there 's still much work to be done . Our oceans are a tremendous economic engine , providing jobs for millions of Americans , directly and indirectly , and a source of food and recreation for countless more . Yet , for much of U.S. history , the health of America 's oceans has been taken for granted , assuming its bounty was limitless and capacity to absorb waste without end . This is far from the truth . The situation the commission found in 2001 was grim . Many of our nation 's commercial fisheries were being depleted and fishing families and communities were hurting . More than 60 % of our coastal rivers and bays were degraded by nutrient runoff from farmland , cities and suburbs . Government policies and practices , a patchwork of inadequate laws and regulations at various levels , in many cases made matters worse . Our nation needed a wake-up call . The situation , on many fronts , is dramatically different today because of a combination of leadership initiatives from the White House and old-fashioned bipartisan cooperation on Capitol Hill . Perhaps the most dramatic example can be seen in the effort to end overfishing in U.S. waters . In 2005 , President George W. Bush worked with congressional leaders to strengthen America 's primary fisheries management law , the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act . This included establishment of science-based catch limits to guide decisions in rebuilding depleted species . These reforms enacted by Congress are paying off . In fact , an important milestone was reached last June when the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced it had established annual , science-based catch limits for all U.S. ocean fish populations . We now have some of the best managed fisheries in the world . Progress also is evident in improved overall ocean governance and better safeguards for ecologically sensitive marine areas . In 2010 , President Barack Obama issued a historic executive order establishing a national ocean policy directing federal agencies to coordinate efforts to protect and restore the health of marine ecosystems . President George W. Bush set aside new U.S. marine sanctuary areas from 2006 through 2009 . Today , the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument , one of several marine monuments created by the Bush administration , provides protection for some of the most biologically diverse waters in the Pacific . Despite the strides made in the 10 years since the Pew Oceans Commission issued its report , challenges remain . Coastal development continues , largely unchecked , and wetlands and marshes continue to shrink . That exposes more than half of the Americans who live along the coasts to the physical and economic damage caused by increasingly high-intensity storms such as Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy . On top of that , major challenges that the commission could not see as clearly in 2003 , including ocean acidification and rising ocean temperatures , further threaten some of our most valuable fisheries . The United States must pursue a broader , ecosystem-based approach to build resilience in our oceans and respond to future threats . Over my many years in public service , I 've seen many commissions come and go . But I 'm perhaps most proud of the work the Pew Ocean Commission did to warn about the threat posed to our oceans and call for change . Every time I take my grandchildren to play on the beaches of Monterey Bay , my resolve to keep the issue of responsible ocean stewardship forefront on the agenda of policymakers in Washington becomes even stronger .	Leon Panetta has worked in Washington , but his beloved California coastline is home Ocean Commission 10 years ago found depleted fisheries , polluted rivers and bays Panetta : Stewardship of oceans has improved , especially in control of overfishing Still ahead : Curbing development , guarding wetlands , dealing with warmer waters
CNN  Like many Chinese , Beijing bank clerk Zhou Keran shudders when asked if he would donate his organs should he die . "  I would never . There 's an old saying that our parents give us everything -- from our bodies to our hair -- and we have to show obedience to our family . " China said on Thursday it would end the harvesting of organs from executed prisoners on January 1 and while the move has been welcomed by human rights groups , it 's hard to see how China can wean itself from the controversial practice if the views of people like Zhou are anything to go by . Traditional beliefs regard the body as sacred and it should remain intact after death . What 's more , even if people are prepared to donate , there are fears that their body parts may be traded for profit and end up on the black market . Thus making a quick switch from organs supplied by death row inmates to a system based on altruism will be tough without a major shift in attitudes -- something the head of China 's transplant system acknowledges . "  People have concerns about whether the organs will be allocated in a fair , open and just way , " Huang Jiefu , director of the China Organ Donation and Transplant Committee said , according to state media . Low donation rate China has one of the world 's lowest rates of organ transplants , with 10,000 procedures each year . The country launched a voluntary donation scheme in 2010 but between that year and 2013 only 1,448 people donated organs -- a drop in the ocean compared with around 300,000 people in need of organ transplants each year . And just 0.6 people out of every million citizens have signed up to donate their organs when they die . To plug the shortfall , China has relied overwhelmingly on organs from death row prisoners . Technically , their organs can only be used under certain conditions , such as if no one collects the body , the inmate gives consent or their family agrees to the medical use of the body . However , observers both in and outside China have questioned whether prisoners have the free will to give their consent and say it 's become an unwritten policy that prisoners ' organs can be used to ease the shortage . Even with the new rules , it 's likely that death-row inmates will still supply organs for transplants . Huang said that prisoners will still be qualified to donate , but their organs will be registered in a computerized donation system instead of being traded privately , according to official English-language newspaper China Daily . Skepticism Phelim Kine , deputy director , Asia Division , Human Rights Watch in New York , says he 's "  extremely skeptical " about whether China can really end its reliance on prisoners ' organs in the foreseeable future . The opacity of China 's prison and death penalty system , the massive profits in organ peddling and corruption make it "  near impossible , " he says . "  Many Chinese citizens would be unconvinced about voluntarily signing away their organs , even for altruistic  reasons  . " Such fears are not unfounded , given the flourishing underground trade in organs and even corpses . Last month , local officials in southern China were found to have bought and sold dead bodies to fulfill cremation quotas in a "  body snatching " scandal across two provinces . And earlier this year , authorities jailed a 12-member gang that recruited donors online and smuggled their kidneys by disguising them as seafood shipments . There are tentative signs that attitudes are beginning to change . Since the beginning of the year , 1,500 people have donated organs -- more than the total between 2010 and 2013 . The government has set up a website to make it easier to become a donor but it 's still something that few young people are willing to discuss with their families . Surveys have suggested that financial incentives , including payment of funeral and medical bills might help . Liu Teng , a 24-year old audio engineer from Beijing , says it 's something he might consider . "  I want to help those in need and I feel like it would be a continuation of my life , " he says . CNN 's Serena Dong in Beijing contributed to the report .	China says it will end organ transplants from executed prisoners from January 1 Traditional beliefs discourage organ donation in China and rates are very low Donors are also put off by fears their organs may end up traded for profit Cultural beliefs make it difficult to end the reliance on convicts ' organs
CNN  -- Inter Milan secured their fourth straight victory in Italy 's top flight Sunday with a 2-0 win over Catania to maintain their pursuit of unbeaten Serie A leaders Juventus . Boosted by their 1-0 defeat of AC Milan in the city derby last weekend , Inter were always on top in the San Siro after star man Antonio Cassano headed home in the 28th minute . Rodrigo Palacio added the clinching second with five minutes to go as Diego Milito set up his fellow Argentine to score his first goal for Inter . Inter coach Andrea Stramaccioni was delighted by their performance , particularly after the break . "  We 're a team that 's growing . The coach should only try to improve the team match by match , " he told the official Inter website . "  Today was a step forward with a spectacular second half . Perhaps it was the first time we were fluid without giving anything away . " They stay in fourth place , four points adrift of Juventus , who maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a 2-0 win over Napoli in a top of the table clash Saturday evening . Martin Caceres and 19-year-old Paul Pogba scored for Juve , who have opened up a three point lead over their opponents . Lazio 's 3-2 win over struggling Milan has left them in third ahead of Inter on goal difference . The top four are well clear of fifth placed Fiorentina , who had to settle for a share of the points in the 1-1 draw at Chievo . French striker Cyril Thereau put the home side ahead in the first half but La Viola leveled only a minute later when Argentine defender Guillermo Rodriguez scored after a corner . In the English Premier League , fourth placed Everton had Steven Pienaar sent off in the second half at Loftus Road as they were held 1-1 by Queens Park Rangers . Midfielder Pienaar went for a second yellow card on the hour mark , but his side held on for a draw which leaves them a point ahead of Tottenham Hotspur . David Moyes ' men went behind to a deflected Junior Hoilett strike before Sylvain Distin 's header deflected in off QPR goalkeeper Julio Cesar 's back for an own goal to level . Sunday 's other game in the EPL saw Sunderland and Newcastle draw 1-1 in the Tyne-Wear derby . Newcastle took the lead at the Stadium of Light through Yohan Cabaye 's early strike , but had Cheick Tiote sent off for violent conduct in the 25th minute . The home side pressed hard for an equalizer and were rewarded when Demba Ba diverted a John O'Shea header past his own goalkeeper late on . In the German Bundesliga , Augsburg were held to a goalless draw at Nuremberg , while Hamburg went down to their first defeat since Rafael van der Vaart signed from Tottenham as they lost 1-0 to Stuttgart . Vedad Ibisevic scored the only goal on 30 minutes .	Inter Milan win fourth straight in Italy 's Serie A Antonio Cassano with the first in 2-0 win at Catania Newcastle and Sunderland draw 1-1 in EPL derby Hamburg slip to 1-0 defeat to Stuttgart in Bundesliga
CNN  -- David Beckham 's proposed loan move to Tottenham has been called off , but the soccer superstar will still train with the English club to maintain his fitness during the U.S. off-season . Tottenham had hoped the former England captain would join up in a temporary three-month move to boost the club 's Premier League and Champions League hopes . The 35-year-old LA Galaxy player could have made his debut against former team Manchester United , where he made his name , next Sunday . However , the London side 's website said the midfielder 's Major League Soccer club would not let Beckham stay longer than February 10 . Who will be the bargains of the January sales ? "  We 'd love to have him here for longer but we respect his commitments to LA Galaxy . They wanted him back in early February so that made it difficult to do a playing deal on the basis of three weeks , " manager Harry Redknapp said on Sunday . "  David is a fantastic professional -- he will be a great influence around the place and I am sure we will all benefit from his winning mentality . I think everyone will enjoy having him here . " However , Redknapp said on Sunday night that he still hoped the deal could be resurrected . "  Hopefully it could still happen . The situation is ongoing , " he told reporters following the 3-0 FA Cup win over third division Charlton . Beckham is still hoping to win his England place back , having been discarded by national coach Fabio Capello after suffering an Achilles injury in his second loan stint at Italian club AC Milan last year which ruled him out of the World Cup in South Africa . "  It 's important that I maintain a high level of fitness during the MLS off-season . I 'm thankful to Tottenham and Harry Redknapp for giving me the opportunity to train with the team over the next month , " he told the Tottenham website . "  I 'm grateful to the LA Galaxy for allowing to me to train with Spurs . I look forward to getting to work as soon as possible . " Redknapp had told reporters earlier on Sunday that the deal was unlikely due to insurance problems , with the Galaxy worried Beckham might suffer another long-term injury . The player trained with Tottenham 's London rivals Arsenal at the start of 2008 , which helped him win his 100th international cap when Capello recalled him at the start of the Italian 's tenure . Meanwhile , Beckham and his wife Victoria announced on Sunday that they are expecting a fourth child later this year . The couple already have sons Brooklyn , 11 , Romeo , 8 , and Cruz , 5 .	Los Angeles Galaxy want David Beckham back in February ahead of new MLS season Tottenham had wanted to sign the veteran midfielder on loan for longer than that The former England captain will train with London club to keep up his fitness He suffered a serious injury while on loan to Italy 's AC Milan last season
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Two titans of showbusiness have come together in a perfect pairing : The Rolling Stones , the world 's greatest band , play two nights at New York 's intimate Beacon Theatre ; capturing the night on camera is celebrated film director , Martin Scorsese . Shared history , mutual respect : The Stones and Scorsese The result is "  Shine a Light , " which records Jagger , Richards , Watts and Wood 's performance at the end of "  Bigger Bang , " their monumental two-year , record-breaking , $ 558 million , 144-date global tour that saw 4.6 million ticket holders watch the rock giants . The Stones/Scorsese combo is backed by a team of Oscar-winning cinematographers , more than 18 cameras , duets with the White Stripes ' Jack White , pop starlet Christina Aguilera and blues granddaddy Buddy Guy , plus a cameo from a former U.S. president : the Stones juggernaut is well and truly in town . Scorsese is no stranger to the world of rock music . He cut his teeth as an editor on seminal 1970 documentary "  Woodstock " and aside from making some of the silver screen 's finest movies  "  Goodfellas , " "  Mean Streets , " "  Raging Bull , " "  The Departed "  , he is also the master behind definitive rockumentaries "  The Last Waltz , " which captured The Band 's final performance , and Bob Dylan epic , "  No Direction Home . " But apart from his musical collaborations , rock has underpinned many of the master 's greatest moments -- and his relationship with the Stones goes way back . The Stones themselves have provided the backing track for classic Scorsese scenes : notably , Jack Nicholson 's Irish mobster 's entrance in "  The Departed " to the thumping sound of "  Gim me Shelter " and "  Jumpin ' Jack Flash " behind De Niro 's introduction in "  Mean Streets " ; while "  Goodfellas " features "  Monkey Man " and , again , "  Gim me Shelter . " Scorsese , who pioneered the use of rock music on "  Mean Streets , " has said that his use of eclectic soundtracks stems from New York , where all genres of music would blast from the brownstones around his neighborhood . And for him , the Stones provide the sound of the city , the sound of the streets : cool , dangerous , absolutely self-assured , suffused with menace and gangster swagger . He says , "  The Stones were key ... I was creating scenarios in my head as I listened to their music . " "  There is a drive and an authority to their music , and also an edge to it , " he continues . "  I 've used Gim me Shelter twice now in my pictures . "  It 's left to Jagger to joke that Shine a Light is the first Scorsese film not to feature the track . So when Jagger decided he wanted a film of their live performance , who better to call . "  It 's good to start at the top , " he says . Initially , guitarist Keith Richards was reluctant to go ahead with the film . He told CNN , "  I would n't have done this . They said , ` We wan na shoot a show , ' and I said , ` Yeah , so ? ' " But Richards , a film buff and longtime fan of Scorsese 's work , could n't resist the chance to be shot by the director . "  You go , whoah , " he said . "  You ca n't f *** around with him . I wanted to see what Marty saw in the Stones . " And Scorsese 's response ? One word : "  Absolutely . " But Jagger 's idea for the movie centered around the Stones ' biggest ever concert , in Rio de Janeiro . Scorsese was n't convinced that the Brazilian beach extravaganza would hit the right note . "  I wanted to capture the music and their interaction on stage , I wanted people to feel like they were with them in the real film , " he explains . Eventually he persuaded Jagger to forego the Rio beach gig for a double date at New York 's Beacon Theatre . On the night of the performance , we see Scorsese 's painstaking preparation come up against the monster of spontaneity that is the Rolling Stones live . As the clock ticks towards curtain time , the filmmaker still does n't have the final set-list , and is getting jittery . "  It felt like the last minute . It may actually have been an hour or so , " he recalls . But as the song goes , you ca n't always get what you want : Scorsese had to place his faith in his meticulous planning , and the hope that he would be able to respond to the performers -- Jagger especially -- on the night . Scorsese believes that the band 's live performances are the key to their long-lived success . "  The way they work off of each other and off of the audience ... It 's fascinating to see that kind of power , " he explains . "  They cast a spell , something primal but very orchestrated . " When it came to the edit , Scorsese ditched any thought of talking-head interviews , choosing instead to splice vintage TV/archive footage between the live shots . That puts the focus firmly on the music , while underlining the Stones ' longevity . So where does "  Shine a Light " stand in relation to other rockumentary greats ? Sure enough , it 's not The Stones : The Spectacle , Mick Jagger 's original concept . This is an intimate and illuminating look at the relationships in rock 'n' roll 's greatest band . It pays tribute to their longevity , highlights their rich repertoire and shows how , forty years on , their live shows still crackle with energy . And while fans will decide whether Scorsese has fulfilled his aim to make "  something that 's as close as possible to a live performance , " Keith Richards believes Scorsese got the gold . "  He captured what we do , " he told CNN . "  We are what we are . We 're a rock 'n' roll band . "	The Rolling Stones and Martin Scorsese team up for "  Shine A Light " Rockumentary shows their performance at New York 's Beacon Theatre Director says the Stones ' music has been a key influence in his films Scorsese aimed to give an intimate view of the band onstage
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Obama administration has decided to rescind invitations to Iranian diplomats for July Fourth celebrations overseas because of violent crackdowns against protesters in Iran , the White House said Wednesday . President Obama on Tuesday toughened his stance on Iran 's crackdown on protesters . "  July Fourth allows us to celebrate the freedom and the liberty we enjoy : freedom of speech , freedom of religion , freedom to assemble peacefully , freedom of the press , " White House Spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters . "  Given the events of the past many days , those invitations will no longer be extended . " The administration had decided to invite Iranians to the celebrations at overseas posts as part of the president 's policy of engaging the Iranian regime . In late May the State Department sent a cable to its embassies and consulates worldwide informing them they "  may invite representatives from the government of Iran " to their July Fourth celebrations . But in a fresh cable sent to all embassies and consulates Wednesday evening , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ordered posts "  to rescind all invitations that have been extended to Iranian diplomats for July Fourth events . "  Unfortunately the circumstances have changed and participation by Iranian diplomats would not be appropriate in light of the Iranian government 's continued violent and unjust actions against its own people , " said the cable , obtained by CNN . "  For invitations which have been extended , posts should make clear that Iranian participation is no longer appropriate in the current circumstances . For invitations which have not been extended , no further action is needed . " A senior administration official said Clinton made the decision , and then informed President Obama . The U.S. receptions marking Independence Day usually feature symbols of Americana , such as hot dogs , red-white-and-blue decorations and remarks by U.S. officials about America 's founding fathers . One senior administration official said Wednesday the reconsideration of the July Fourth invitations is consistent with Obama 's comments Tuesday , in which he said he was "  shocked and appalled " at the violence against demonstrators . "  The president said yesterday how this plays out will affect what we do , " the official said . Obama said Tuesday , "  If Iran chooses a path that abides by international norms and principles , then we are interested in healing some of the wounds of 30 years in terms of U.S.-Iranian relations . " Watch Obama ramp up criticism of Iran " On Tuesday , Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , the top Republican on the House Foreign Affairs Committee , said an invitation to Iranian diplomats would send the wrong message to Iranians "  who are bravely standing up for the same rights and freedoms which Americans celebrate on this day . " "  The Fourth of July is a day when we celebrate democracy and reflect on the gift of freedom which all Americans cherish , " she said in a statement . "  The Iranian people are no less worthy of freedom and self-governance than citizens of the United States . " Earlier this year , as part of the policy to engage Iran , Obama videotaped a message for the Iranian people on the Persian new year and U.S. officials have engaged members of the Iranian government . In March , Richard Holbrooke , the Obama administration 's special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan , spoke briefly with Iran 's deputy foreign minister , Mohammad Mehdi Akhondzadeh , at an Afghanistan conference in The Hague . Administration officials believe the U.S. will engage Iran at some point to address issues of U.S. national security , including the nuclear issue , but the idea of bilateral engagement is in a holding pattern while the violence continues . "  I would n't say engagement is off the table , but it is certainly on ice , " a senior administration official said this week .	Administration had planned to invite Iranians to celebrations at overseas posts Clinton : Participation not appropriate given "  continued violent and unjust actions " Violence against election protesters in Iran has caused the change , officials say
CNN  -- As with many murder-suicides , the gunman in the Newtown , Connecticut , shooting took to his grave the reasons that compelled him to kill more than two dozen people before taking his own life in the second-deadliest school shooting in U.S. history . But those who knew the shooter struggled to reconcile the difference between the quiet , withdrawn 20-year-old without a criminal record and the man who wore black fatigues and a military vest and brought death to Sandy Hook Elementary School Friday . Police say the shooter , Adam Lanza , killed his mother , Nancy , in their home before walking into the school and fatally shooting 26 more people -- 20 of them children no older than 7 . The rampage ended when Lanza apparently took his own life in a classroom . With him were three firearms : a semiautomatic .223 - caliber rifle made by Bushmaster and two handguns , a Glock and a Sig Sauer . Connecticut law requires gun owners to be at least 21 . The guns , authorities said , belonged to his mother . Police have yet to disclose whether they know a motive for the attack , which has left those who knew Lanza trying to discern whether anything in his past could have foreshadowed the present . "  He was a shy kid , quiet , " said Alan Diaz who knew Lanza several years ago . "  He would sometimes stand in the corner . We knew he was socially awkward and we just accepted it . But he was never threatening . " Diaz told CNN that he tried many times to to talk to Lanza to "  try to include him . " Comforting survivors : ` Hug them ' and ` cry with them ' ` Definitely the challenge of the family ' Lanza moved to Connecticut from Kingston , New Hampshire , with his parents and older brother Ryan , according to a booklet for Newtown 's Bennetts Farm neighborhood . He enjoyed soccer , skateboarding and video games , the publication said . In September 2009 , when Lanza was 17 , his mother and father divorced , court documents show . What happened in the young man 's life after that is n't clear , except that he continued to live in Newtown . His father , Peter Lanza , remarried and moved to an area not far from the town , an official said . Peter Lanza was questioned by authorities after the shooting , as was Adam Lanza 's 24-year-old brother , Ryan . Authorities have offered few details about Adam Lanza . He had no known criminal record , a law enforcement official said . One of Lanza 's aunts , Marsha , described him as a "  quiet , nice kid " who had issues with learning , she said . Her husband is Lanza 's paternal uncle . "  He was definitely the challenge of the family in that house . Every family has one , " she told CNN affiliate WLS . "  They have one . I have one . But never in trouble with the law , never in trouble with anything . " She said Lanza 's mother "  battled " with the school board and had to home-school her son . "  She had issues with school , " said the aunt , who lives in Crystal Lake , Illinois . "  I 'm not 100 % certain if it was behavior or learning disabilities , but he was a very , very bright boy . He was smart . " Slain Connecticut principal just implemented new security system A ` genius ' Alex Israel was in the same class at Newtown High School with Lanza and lived a few houses down from him . "  You could definitely tell he was a genius , " Israel told CNN , adding she had n't talked with him since middle school . "  He was really quiet , he kept to himself . " Alan Diaz said he was in the Technology Club with Lanza at Newtown High School . The group broadcast sports and other school events at school , and worked on computers . Because Diaz was one of the few students at school who talked to Lanza , Diaz said , he thought Adam probably considered him a friend . "  Eventually he started opening up more to us on the tech team , telling us jokes even , " Diaz recalled . "  I never would have thought he was capable of something like this , " he said . "  I once wondered that if he became isolated he might hurt himself , but never another person . " Diaz recalled that Lanza loved to wear khakis with a belt and green plaid shirt . "  He had a briefcase , really a laptop bag all the time , " Diaz recalled . "  He was smart . I would call him a genius . " Lanza took honors classes and once taught other students how to build a computer . "  He was really into it and very good at that class , " Diaz said . Diaz ran into Nancy Lanza , Adam 's mother , not too long ago , he said . "  When I talked to Nancy that time , about how he was doing , she said he 's been going to the  gun  range a lot recently , " Diaz said . "  That he 'd taken that up as a hobby . " As a 13-year-old , Lanza would occasionally ride the bus to school , often sitting in the back , usually alone , said his former bus driver . "  He did n't sit with the other kids and did n't seem to have any friends , " said Marsha Moskowitz , 52 , who said she drove Lanza to school for three years . "  He was quiet , a very shy and reserved kid , " she said , noting that Lanza was one of the older kids on the bus and did little to interact with the others . "  No 13-year-old wants to ride the bus to school . It 's kind of embarrassing for them . " The shooter 's mother was also a quiet woman , said Moskowitz , though she admits she had limited interactions with her . A ` polite ' mother "  I did n't know  Nancy  as well as the other parents , but she was always very polite , " said Moskowitz , who said she 's been devastated by the news . How do we stop the violence ? A relative told investigators that Lanza had a form of autism , according to a law enforcement official , who spoke under condition of anonymity due to the sensitive nature of the investigation . But a national autism committee cautioned against speculating about a link between autism and violence . "  Autism is not a mental health disorder -- it is a neurodevelopmental disorder , " said the Autism Research Institute 's Autistic Global Initiative Project . "  The eyes of the world are on this wrenching tragedy -- with 1 in 88 now diagnosed , misinformation could easily trigger increased prejudice and misunderstanding . " A former classmate told CNN affiliate WCBS that Lanza "  was just a kid " -- not a troublemaker . "  I do n't know who would do anything like this , " the ex-classmate said , before walking away distraught . "  This is unspeakable . " Lanza 's father was also at a loss for explanation . He sent his condolences to the families of victims in a statement released Saturday . "  Our family is grieving along with all those who have been affected by this enormous tragedy , " Peter Lanza said . "  No words can truly express how heartbroken we are . We are in a state of disbelief and trying to find whatever answers we can . " In New Hampshire , relatives of Nancy Lanza released a statement in which they , too , expressed shock and sadness . "  On behalf of Nancy 's mother and siblings we reach out to the community of Newtown and express our heartfelt sorrow for the incomprehensible and profound loss of innocence that has affected so many . " How you can help CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Mary Snow and Lisa Desjardins reported from Newtown , Connecticut . CNN 's Tim Lister , Terry Frieden , John King and Greg Botelho also contributed to this report .	Former classmates say Adam Lanza was quiet and withdrawn Police have not said what the motive for the mass shooting might have been Lanza had no known criminal record "  We are in a state of disbelief , " Lanza 's father says
CNN  -- The Arkansas attorney general is opening an investigation into what caused last week 's pipeline rupture that allowed thousands of barrels of heavy crude oil to flow into a residential area . Attorney General Dustin McDaniel said Tuesday he asked Exxon Mobil , the owner of the 60-year-old Pegasus pipeline , to preserve all documents and information related to the spill and cleanup efforts . "  This incident has damaged private property and Arkansas 's natural resources . Homeowners have been forced from their homes as a result of this spill , " McDaniel said in a news release Tuesday . "  Requesting that Exxon secure these documents and data is the first step in determining what happened and preserving evidence for any future litigation . " Pipeline brings crude reality to Arkansas About two dozen homes in Mayflower , in central Arkansas , were evacuated Friday as the crude oil , which originated in Canada and was bound for Gulf Coast refineries , crawled through yards and down streets spilled from a 2 - or 3-inch gash in the underground Pegasus pipeline , officials have said . The evacuation could last for several more days as crews work to clean the spill . Mayflower resident Amber Bartlett , who left her home after the spill , told CNN on Tuesday that a cul de sac in her neighborhood last week was "  just covered ... nothing but oil . " "  It looked like a river flowing down the road , " she said . Bartlett said her yard was n't affected as badly as others -- "  a little bit of oil got just in the very front of the front yard , " she said . But the smell is "  very intense . " "  I went back in for a few minutes to get some things yesterday , and  the smell  ... was more intense than it was on Saturday , " Bartlett said Tuesday . Asked if she had been worried that the underground pipeline could leak , Bartlett said she had n't even known it was a possibility . "  I ca n't say that I was concerned , because I do not recall being told that it was there , " she said . Keystone pipeline fight explodes  behind the scenes The Pegasus pipeline carries Canadian crude from Illinois to Texas , a state transportation engineer said . Exxon Mobil met with displaced residents over the weekend to explain how they can make claims for losses . "  If you have been harmed by this spill then we 're going to look at how to make that right , " Exxon Mobil Pipeline Co. . President Gary Pruessing told them . Resident Darren Hale complained to CNN affiliate KHTV on Saturday that being forced to leave his home was frustrating . "  I 've heard three contradictory answers as to when I will be able to go back home , " Hale said . He was first told it would be two days , but later that it would be up to two weeks , he said . An around-the-clock cleanup operation began Saturday , with workers scrubbing streets and driveways in the Northwood subdivision , CNN affiliate KATV reported . None of the estimated 12,000 barrels of oil that spilled has made it to nearby Lake Conway , a local drinking water source , Faulkner County Judge Allen Dodson told KATV Sunday said . Bartlett told CNN on Tuesday that Exxon "  has been great in aiding the residents in information . " She and other residents still are in shock , she said . "  I think there are probably some homes that will not be livable , which that makes the rest of us in the neighborhood wonder about the value of our homes , " she said . The Pegasus pipeline , which could carry up to 90,000 barrels of crude each day , was built more than 60 years ago , an Exxon Mobil spokesman said . Leaks are not uncommon , but the company 's recent inspections showed no red flags for this section , he told CNN affiliate KARK . Obama energy proposal drills to fund clean fuel tech	Arkansas tells pipeline owner Exxon Mobil to preserve documents on the spill Oil spilled into a Mayflower , Arkansas , subdivision from a gash in the pipeline last week Families evacuated about two dozen homes as oil crawled through yards and down streets The pipeline carries Canadian crude from Illinois to Texas
CNN  -- Oh , Rebecca Black . You gave us a reason to reconsider our favorite day of the workweek . And , apparently , the Internet could n't get enough . Black , the teen songstress who became a YouTube sensation with the bubblegum ear worm "  Friday , " topped the Google Zeitgeist list of hot search terms in 2011 . Released in March , the largely reviled tune caused searches for the then-13-year-old 's name to increase more than 10,000 % over the past year , Google reported Wednesday . This year was the 11th for Zeitgeist , Google 's look at search trends for the year . The report , rendered with interactive images and detailed infographics , breaks down searches by country and region as well as tallying global activity . "  From local celebrities in Finland to Singaporeans looking for news on the revolutions in Egypt and Libya half a world away , people turned to Google to learn more about what was happening on the world stage , " Google 's Amit Singhal wrote on the company 's official blog . The top 10 was n't all breezy pop songs . "  Jackass " star Ryan Dunn , who died in a car crash in June , was the third-hottest search , while Steve Jobs , the Apple co-founder who died in October , was ninth . Jobs was already an internationally known name . But searches for him still rose 982 % over 2010 , Google said , with traffic peaking the week after his death . It was a big year for technology overall , and Google 's results show it . The company 's own Google + social network was second on the list .  If that seems all too convenient , note that Zeitgeist rankings consider how fast a search term rises . So something that did n't exist last year , like Google + or Rebecca Black 's career , is inevitably going to have an advantage . Massive video game release "  Battlefield 3 " was fifth on the list , and the iPad 2 was 10th . Squeezed between those two offerings , at No. 6 , was a tech world product that does n't even exist : the iPhone 5 . Google says searches for that term peaked the week of September 25 , days before Apple lovers learned that the new phone they were getting was , in fact , called the iPhone 4S . Singer Adele , Japan 's damaged Fukushima power plant and acquitted murder suspect Casey Anthony rounded out the top 10 . Of course , where there are top risers , there are fastest fallers . As Google + emerged  albeit to what appears to be waning interest  , former social networking hot spot Myspace slid , becoming the fastest-dropping search term . Delta Air Lines , Chinese Web services company Baidu  a Google rival during the company 's now-terminated efforts there  and the Spanish-language search "  Hotmail correo " also saw big dips , compared with their 2010 search rankings .	Rebecca Black , Steve Jobs among hottest 2011 searches on Google Google Zeitgeist annually charts the fastest-rising search terms on the site The nonexistent iPhone 5  Apple actually launched the 4S  made the top 10 Once dominant Myspace was among the fastest-dropping search terms of the year
CNN  -- An Aruban police dive team will search the site where an underwater photograph was taken that might show human remains , a spokeswoman for the Aruban prosecutor said Saturday . The picture has renewed interest in the nearly 5-year-old Natalee Holloway case . Officials first heard of the picture , taken in October by a vacationing American couple , on Thursday , Ann Angela , a spokeswoman for Aruban prosecutor Peter Blanken , said "  We have received the picture , and the diving team of the Aruban police will start doing preliminary work at the spot where we believe it was taken , " Angela told CNN . She declined to identify the location , saying authorities want to avoid attracting onlookers during the search . The picture has raised the notion that , if it shows human remains , they could be those of Holloway , an 18-year-old Alabama high school student whose 2005 disappearance while on a graduation trip to Aruba was widely publicized . Holloway was last reported seen leaving a bar in the capital of Oranjestad on May 30 . CNN could not independently verify the authenticity of the photo nor confirm whether it shows human remains . Holloway 's mother , Beth Twitty , declined to comment on the photo . The photo was taken by a Pennsylvania woman using a disposable film camera during the first stop on her Royal Caribbean cruise . Three months after snapping what she said she thought were pictures of colorful fish , Patti Muldowney and her husband said they realized that one picture contained what they believe appear to be human remains . "  When I looked at that photo , I said , ` By darn , that certainly does look like a skeleton , ' " John Muldowney told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " on Friday . "  You can see the skull . You can see where the eye sockets were . You can see where the chin was . "  It 's lying flat on its back . And its arms are cradled around . You can almost see fingers . And then on the one sleeve it looks like some kind of maybe clothing that 's deteriorating . " The couple , who took the photo to police and the FBI , said it was taken near a shipwreck . The FBI said Friday that it is investigating . "  The photo has been made available to all elements of the FBI that are involved in this foreign police cooperation case , " Mike Kortan , assistant director of the FBI 's office of public affairs , said in a statement . "  Investigative leads are being pursued and the effort is ongoing . " The main suspect in the Holloway case , Joran van der Sloot , remains free . Van der Sloot has made alleged confession-like statements in TV interviews , one of which involves dumping Holloway 's body in the ocean after she suffered a seizure on the beach . Aruban judges have ruled there is n't enough evidence to arrest him . Whether the object in the photo is human remains is still up for debate . In underwater burials , it is typical for arms , legs and other extremities to be dispersed and for lighter bones to be carried away from heavier bones by fish , wildlife and water , according to Heather Walsh-Haney , a forensic anthropologist . "  It looks as if there 's something that may be on top of the skeleton , " Walsh-Haney said of the image in the photograph . "  That would certainly bode well for preserving the center of the mass of the body and keeping most of it there . " Dr. Marty Makary , a physician who serves on the faculty at Johns Hopkins School of Public Health and School of Medicine in Baltimore , Maryland , said he sees mixed signs , some indicating the image may not be a skeleton . "  What I do n't like about the photo is there 's no spinal cord or vertebral column , " he said . "  In fact , below this roundish skull-type profile you see a curvature which does n't really represent a normal spinal column . " CNN 's Tracy Sabo and Philip Rosenbaum contributed to this report .	Picture has renewed interest in case of missing Alabama teen Natalee Holloway Couple took underwater photo near shipwreck during cruise stop in Aruba Whether the object in the photo is human remains is up for debate Holloway disappeared during senior trip to Aruba in 2005 ; no arrests have been made
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A medical marijuana advocacy group sued the Obama administration Thursday , saying its policy "  to subvert local and state medical marijuana laws in California " is unconstitutional . Americans for Safe Access accused the U.S. Justice Department of deploying aggressive SWAT-style raids , prosecuting medical marijuana patients and providers , and threatening local officials for implement state medical pot laws . The group , a nonprofit based in Oakland , California , that says it 's the country 's largest medical marijuana advocacy organization , cited U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder and U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag of the northern district of California in its federal lawsuit filed in San Francisco . "  Under the Tenth Amendment , the government may not commandeer the law-making function of the state or its subdivisions or indirectly through the selective enforcement of its drug laws , " the lawsuit said . "  It is this misuse of the government 's commerce clause powers , designed to deprive the state of its sovereign ability to chart a separate course , that forms the basis of the plaintiff 's claim . " Earlier this month , federal prosecutors in California announced a series of actions targeting what they characterized as the "  large , for-profit marijuana industry " that has developed since the state legalized medical marijuana for select patients 15 years ago . Four U.S. attorneys -- Benjamin Wagner , Andre Birotte Jr. , Laura Duffy and Melinda Haag -- detailed in a joint press release and later a press conference in Sacramento some steps that have been taken in conjunction with federal law enforcement and local officials in California . They include letters of warning to landlords and lien holders of places in which marijuana is being sold illegally , "  civil forfeiture lawsuits against properties involved in drug trafficking activity " and numerous criminal cases . The latter refers to arrests in recent weeks related to cases filed in federal courts in Los Angeles , San Diego , Sacramento and Fresno , all part of an effort that Wagner claimed has resulted in the seizure of hundreds of pounds of marijuana , tens of thousands of plants and hundreds of thousands in cash . Thursday 's lawsuit seeks declaratory and injunctive relief and was filed on behalf of its 20,000 members in California , the medical marijuana advocacy group said . "  This case is aimed at restoring California 's sovereign and constitutional right to establish its own public health laws based on this country 's federalist principles , " the association 's chief counsel , Joe Elford , said in a statement . In 1996 , California voters approved Proposition 215 to exempt doctors and seriously ill patients from marijuana laws and allow them to grow and use it in treatment . The bill did n't legalize marijuana for all , but it did lead to the emergence of hundreds of dispensaries where people -- legally only those with medical conditions and a doctor 's authorization -- could get the drug . In explaining the federal crackdown earlier this month , Wagner , the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of California , said authorities "  are not focused on backyard grows with small amounts of marijuana by seriously ill people . We are targeting commercial operations , which profit from growing and distributing ... and often use the trappings of state law for cover , but in fact are abusing state law . " Haag , U.S. attorney for California 's northern district , claimed that "  profiteers ... motivated not by compassion , but by money " had "  hijacked " the intent of voters to help those suffering from debilitating conditions . And Birotte , from California 's central district , said a chief problem lies in operations that make money not by selling marijuana to the sick , but to relatively healthy people . CNN 's Rich Porter and Erica Henry contributed to this story .	Americans for Safe Access sues the feds for their California crackdown on medical pot The suit contends the federal government is violating the Tenth Amendment This month , California 's four U.S. attorneys target big commercial pot growers Prosecutors say the growers sell medical pot to healthy people
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored the winner as Real Madrid beat 10-man Manchester United 2-1 Tuesday to reach the quarterfinals of the Champions League 3-2 on aggregate after a pulsating match which turned on the controversial dismissal of Nani just before the hour mark . United had just gone ahead on the night through a Sergio Ramos own goal when the Portugal midfielder attempted to control a high clearance from his defense . But Nani 's foot was high and his studs caught Real 's Alvaro Arbeloa in his midriff as he moved forward to intercept the ball . Turkish referee Cuneyt Cak  r then stunned the Old Trafford by showing a red card to Nani as he recovered from the collision . Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson charged down from his touchline seat to protest and as Nani eventually parted the field he was given a consolation pat by Real manager Jose Mourinho . It was the cue for Real , who had offered little in attack until then , to press forward and the man advantage soon paid in the 66th minute . Substitute Luka Modric found space outside the penalty box to unleash a curling and unstoppable shot past David de Gea , the highlight for sure of the Croatian 's stuttering progress with the Madrid giants since his summer signing . Two minutes later and United 's worst nightmare was complete as old boy Ronaldo , relatively quiet until then , connected with Gonzalo Higuain 's clever cross to score at the far post . Ronaldo pointedly did not celebrate but his goal was decisive , meaning United had to score two more to progress . How Real Madrid won They made a brave fist of it , Real goalkeeper Diego Lopez having to produce fine saves from Michael Carrick , Robin van Persie and Nemanja Vidic Wayne Rooney , surprisingly left out of the United starting line up , also hooked a chance over , but at the other end fellow substitute Kaka rattled the home woodwork . At the end it was Real who were celebrating but Mourinho showed some surprising modesty in victory . "  The best team lost , independent of the sending off , " he told ITV Sport . "  We did n't deserve to win and did n't play well . " Ferguson refused to attend the post-game press conference , because he had been left "  very distraught " by Nani 's dismissal , according to his assistant Mike Phelan . "  It was a great performance marred by the wrong decision , " added Phelan . Ronaldo had received a warm welcome from home fans on his return to Old Trafford , while Ferguson sprang a surprise with the omission of Rooney , giving starts to 39-year-old Ryan Giggs , playing his 1,000 th game for club and country , Nani and Danny Welbeck . It was Welbeck who shone in the opening half , with his darting runs causing the Real defense constant problems . He nearly scored on the follow up as Vidic 's header hit the post and was later denied by Lopez again . The second half also started promisingly for United and it was Welbeck 's flick which was deflected past Lopez by the unfortunate Spanish international Ramos in the 48th minute . His goal won the El Clasico clash against Barcelona Saturday , but once Nani had departed it did not take long for his teammates to be celebrating again and their fine recent run continues . In the night 's other last 16 tie , Borussia Dortmund beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-0 to progress 5-2 on aggregate . After a 2-2 draw in Ukraine three weeks ago in the first leg , the German champions were always on top through goals by Felipe Santana , Mario Goetze and Jakub Blaszczykowski . Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp is bidding to emulate the achievement of the 1997 side who won the Champions League but is guarding against optimism . "  There are still lots of strong teams in the competition , " he told gathered reporters "  We are just delighted with the result and I am proud of the team . " "  The whole Champions League campaign has gone like clockwork and this was an unbelievable 90 minutes from us . "	Real Madrid beat 10-man Manchester United 2-1 Nani controversially sent off just before the hour mark Goals from Luka Modric and Cristiano Ronaldo for Real Borussia Dortmund beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-0 to go through 5-2 on aggregate
CNN  -- If that last beer made you feel a little warm and fuzzy inside , it could be because you just did some good . You may have just donated to a charity , just by buying a drink . I first noticed this philanthropy trend while enjoying a new limited release IPA from Sweetwater Brewery called Second Helping . The name implies having more , and the compelling flavoring of juniper berries and chocolate malts had already sold me on that proposition . But then I read the beer 's label and learned that it was crafted to benefit a charity called The Giving Kitchen , which helps people in the food industry going through hard times . This initiative was inspired by Atlanta chef Ryan Hidinger , who brought the Atlanta restaurant community together when he fought and ultimately lost his battle with cancer . His wife and friends decided to take the generous funds that were raised to help Ryan and pay it forward by creating this charity . I admit that it got me when I read that the juniper berries were added for Ryan , because he so enjoyed cooking with them . Steve Farace , Sweetwater 's Director of Marketing , says that 100 % of the profits from this beer will be donated to The Giving Kitchen . "  We saw it as an opportunity to help the folks in the hospitality industry that helped build our brand through word of mouth . " Sweetwater has sold every drop , and it is already hard to find a bar that still has any left to serve . Trust me , I 've looked . Sweetwater already knew their customers ' thirst for a cause-worthy beer . Each summer they launch a Save Our Water campaign with the release of Waterkeeper Hefeweizen . Bar patrons annually show their support for this by purchasing paper fish that decorate the walls and ceilings of bars throughout the Southeast . Beer lovers looking for a charitable ale available year round , can head to Minneapolis and ask for a Finnegans . The brewery boasts an Irish Amber and a Blonde Ale which both come with a prepared toast on the label : "  Here 's to doing good . " 100 % of the profits of the Finnegans beer company goes directly into their nonprofit , the Finnegans Community Fund . This initiative purchases food from area farmers , which is distributed to food bank partners in Minnesota , Wisconsin , North Dakota and South Dakota . Finnegans ' CEO Jacquie Berglund sums it up this way : "  At Finnegan 's we turn beer into food . That is our mission . " Berglund says their community 's response has gone beyond just drinking beer . "  A lot of people follow us for our social mission . We have 1500 volunteers that come not for beer , but to help pack food at the food banks . " Not to discount the bar patrons ' efforts , Jacquie quickly adds that the key to their success is still and has always been the creating of a tasty beer that gives people an opportunity to make a difference . Just as brewers have tapped into the cause-oriented audience , bars are also finding ways to reach out to them , and to make their own impact . Customers at the OKRA Charity Saloon in Houston , drinkers do n't have to choose a specific beer to be charitable ; they just select a cause . Each month the bar - which is run as a joint operation by numerous Houston restaurateurs and bar owners - selects four local nonprofits . The one that receives the most votes will receive 100 % of the saloon 's profits from the next month . It 's like an election , but with alcohol . OKRA 's Lindsey Brown explains , "  When you buy a beer or some food , you are given a ticket . You then drop the ticket into one of the four voting boxes , whichever charity you choose . " This unique concept has made the OKRA Saloon very popular . The competing nonprofits encourage their communities to visit the bar so they will get votes , and the winning nonprofit encourages everybody to visit the following month , because they will be getting all the profits donated to them . Lindsey adds that this also creates an alternative way to help . "  It makes giving more fun , more interactive . If you are just writing a check you do n't feel engaged , but when you are standing at our voting booth , you feel like you are making an impact . " If you do n't want a vote to decide where your donation goes , then travel to Portland and choose one from a special menu at Oregon Public House . After ordering food or drink at this bar , patrons then pick one of the six nonprofits detailed on their Charity Menu . 100 % of the profit from each sale goes to the selected organization . Ryan Saari , the Director for Oregon Public House , says this excites some of his customers who realize in that moment that they just made a difference . "  They feel empowered , and then they start recommending their choice to other customers , and even share the nonprofit 's vision that they just read about a moment before . That 's not your typical bar banter , and I think it is a huge win . " While no one is advocating for bar fights over whose charity is better , it is exciting to see the drinking crowd engaged in philanthropy . These opportunities to give beer buffs an opportunity to do good is already proving to be a benefit for the industry , nonprofits and the communities they serve . And as more bars and breweries join this trend , the idea of giving back can be introduced and embraced with each round , as it was with me and that glass of Second Helping . However this disclaimer is warranted : All of these organizations offer ways to help , donate and make a difference that does not require alcohol , and donating through drinking does not excuse alcohol abuse or irresponsibility . If you wo n't take my word for it , take heed from this satirical warning from Stephen Colbert . And for more ways to make a difference , alcohol free , visit CNN 's Impact Your World . Video by Greg Bowman	Breweries and bars are giving patrons an easy way to give back , just by buying beer Sweetwater 's ` Second Helping ' has sold out all around Atlanta Proceeds from the beer go to benefit non-profit ` The Giving Kitchen ' Other beer-based charities benefit farmers , the hungry , clean water and a rotating cast of beneficiaries
CNN  -- President Barack Obama followed in the footsteps of past U.S. leaders with a speech on Wednesday at Berlin 's iconic Brandenburg Gate , where he said he would ask Russia to join the United States in slashing its supply of strategic nuclear warheads . "  We may no longer live in fear of global annihilation , but so long as nuclear weapons exist , we are not truly safe , " Obama said in the city that symbolized the East-West divide in the decades after World War II . "  After a comprehensive review , I 've determined that we can ensure the security of America and our allies -- and maintain a strong and credible strategic deterrent -- while reducing our deployed strategic nuclear weapons by up to one-third , " he said . "  And I intend to seek negotiated cuts with Russia to move beyond Cold War nuclear postures . " Obama 's speech made repeated references to Berlin 's post-war history and the resiliency of its people . He called on them to manifest the same spirit that helped bring down the Berlin Wall to now take on broader challenges facing the modern world . Does cutting U.S. nukes really matter ? "  Complacency is not the character of great nations , " said the president , who perspired openly despite removing his suit jacket when he started speaking to a sun-drenched crowd . "  Today 's threats are not as stark as they were half-a-century ago . But the struggle for freedom and security and human dignity , that struggle goes on . " Repeating his campaign themes of equal opportunity and freedom for all , Obama said such ideals can provide the prosperity sought by all nations -- especially longtime allies such as the United States and Germany . "  We may enjoy a standard of living that is the envy of the world , but so long as hundreds of millions endure the agony of an empty stomach or the anguish of unemployment , we 're not truly prosperous , " Obama said . "  We are more free when all people can pursue their own happiness . " In the city rife with Cold War history , Obama also heralded democratic values that helped end communist control . Nuclear weapons : Who has what ? "  Because millions across this continent now breathe the fresh air of freedom , we can say here in Berlin , here in Europe : Our values won , " he said to cheers . "  Openness won . Tolerance won . And freedom won . " Obama 's speech took place almost exactly 50 years after President John F. Kennedy delivered his "  Ich bin ein Berliner " -- or "  I am a Berliner " -- speech of solidarity with West Berlin near the dividing line with the Soviet-occupied east on the other side of the Berlin Wall . Berlin is also where President Ronald Reagan delivered a famous line to the Soviet Union in 1987 : "  Mr. Gorbachev , tear down this wall ! " When Obama referred to Kennedy 's speech and repeated the famous phrase , the crowd cheered . He also quoted from Kennedy 's speech by calling on people to look "  to the day of peace with justice , beyond yourselves and ourselves to all mankind . " Taking on another major issue , Obama called for a new global effort to address climate change , citing threats such as "  more severe storms , more famine and floods , new waves of refugees , coast lines that vanish , oceans that rise . " Opinion : Why U.S. needs Germany now more than ever "  This is the future we must avert , " he said to cheers . "  This is the global threat of our time . And for the sake of future generations , our generation must move toward a global compact to confront a changing climate before it is too late . That is our job . That is our task . We have to get to work . " Analysts said Obama 's speech sought to entrench a presidential legacy of leadership on global issues , especially after the lofty expectations in Germany and elsewhere for the candidate who spoke in Berlin five years ago have given way to the realities of the Oval Office . "  It was a president who wanted to kind of put down a stake and say , like JFK , like Ronald Reagan , I share their values as an American president and these are the things I feel like I need to talk to you about today as an American president , " said CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger . Historian Douglas Brinkley called it a "  healing speech , " but said "  let 's not confuse this with Kennedy 's very important Cold War talk in Berlin or Ronald Reagan 's fighting words about ` tear down this wall . ' " "  This was not a moment that 's going to be a gold star on history 's calendar , " Brinkley told CNN . Opinion : No such things as a safe number of nukes Beyond New START Obama 's latest proposals on nuclear stockpiles come two years after New START -- an agreement between the United States and Russia -- went into effect . New START , which stands for Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty , calls for each country to limit its nuclear warhead arsenal to 1,550 by the year 2018 . If fully implemented , his proposals on Wednesday would reduce both stockpiles by another one-third -- to roughly 1,000 warheads for each country . "  At the same time , we 'll work with our NATO allies to seek bold reductions in U.S. and Russian tactical weapons in Europe , " he said . After New START was ratified , Obama ordered a detailed internal analysis of U.S. nuclear needs and what it would take to deter other countries from attacking , the White House said . Obama has also said the United States will only consider the use of nuclear weapons in extreme circumstances to defend the vital interests of the United States or its allies and partners . A White House fact sheet released after the speech called Obama 's proposals "  new guidance that aligns U.S. nuclear policies to the 21st century security environment . " Obama 's guidance directed the Pentagon to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in the overall U.S. security strategy , and narrow the focus of nuclear strategy to deterrence , the White House document said . The proposals drew immediate criticism from the Republican chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , Rep. Howard "  Buck " McKeon of California , who said in a statement that Russia already failed to adhere to existing arms-reduction agreements . "  The president must make clear to  Russian  President  Vladimir  Putin that the United States will not allow itself or its allies to be bullied by Russia or to allow that state to ignore its arms control obligations , " McKeon 's statement said . 5 key points from Obama 's news conference in Berlin Pressuring Iran and North Korea The United States will continue working to stop the spread of nuclear weapons , with specific pressure on Iran and North Korea , a senior administration official said . Obama also will participate in the 2014 Nuclear Security Summit in The Hague , Netherlands , the official said . The president announced Wednesday in his speech that he will host a Nuclear Security Summit in 2016 to work with other countries in securing nuclear materials and preventing nuclear terrorism . Nuclear deterrence could restrain N. Korea , Iran Wednesday 's speech took place amid a festive atmosphere at Brandenburg Gate , where Obama faced the East in contrast to Reagan 's appearance when the Berlin Wall still divided the city . While the crowd was much smaller than the estimated 200,000 who jammed the area in 2008 to hear then Sen. Obama speak , people waved U.S. and German flags and regularly erupted in cheers and applause . Near the front was Gail Halvorsen , known as the Candy Bomber for being the first to drop candy to kids during the U.S. airlift of 1948-49 that supplied West Berlin following a Soviet blockade . Obama paid tribute to that moment , noting that the 92-year-old Halvorsen , who he called "  the original candy bomber , " was present . "  We could not be prouder of him , " Obama said as Halvorsen stood and waved . The president added : "  I hope I look that good , by the way , when I 'm 92 . " CNN 's Deirdre Walsh and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : Historian calls Obama 's speech good , but not a "  gold star " in history President Obama says it 's time to "  move beyond Cold War postures " on nuclear arms Obama invokes JFK 's "  peace with justice " call from 50 years ago The president speaks at Berlin 's iconic Brandenburg Gate
CNN  -- The U.S. government issued its latest version of a worldwide safety caution Wednesday to U.S. citizens abroad . Terrorist groups "  continue to plan terrorist attacks against U.S. interests in multiple regions , including Europe , Asia , Africa , and the Middle East , " a statement by the Department of State 's Bureau of Consular Affairs said . Travelers should be cautious when using public transportation systems , including maritime services like ferries , the statement said . The Middle East and Africa are the most unpredictable areas , with terrorist groups and pirates attacking recently in Yemen , Algeria , Kenya and Somalia , the statement said . It listed a number of places that might be targeted , including "  high-profile sporting events , residential areas , business offices , hotels , clubs , restaurants , places of worship , schools , public areas , and other tourist destinations . " Vet foreign student pilots better , GAO says Maritime authorities recommend Western seafarers stay at least 200 nautical miles off Somalia and avoid the port of Mogadishu , the statement said . The Department of State "  encourages U.S. citizens living overseas or planning to travel abroad to enroll in the Smart Traveler Enrollment Program , " the statement said . Officials use the program to contact enrollees in the event of an emergency . Thursday 's announcement replaces one issued in January .	The State Department urges U.S. citizens across the world to be cautious Yemen , Algeria , Kenya and Somalia are considered particularly dangerous Large events or areas where tourists gather could be targeted for extremist attacks U.S. citizens abroad are encouraged to enroll in the Smart Traveler Enrollment Program
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- When Jimmy Wales visited the headquarters of Hudong.com last month , he had one question for its founder : is it possible for Wikipedia to be the number one online encyclopedia in China ? Do n't call me Jimmy : Pan Haidong , head of Hudong.com , the largest Chinese encyclopedia website . "  Absolutely not , " was the response of Pan Haidong , head of Hudong.com , the world 's largest Chinese encyclopedia website . "  Because there is Hudong here in China . Of course we are a copycat of Wikipedia but we have a lot of innovations , and we do a lot of work here in China so it is totally different actually , " Pan told CNN . It 's been a year since China 's government lifted its ban on the Chinese version of U.S.-based Wikipedia yet it remains unclear whether Wikipedia has gained any share of the country 's massive Internet readership . Shortly after Wikipedia was launched in China in 2002 , the country 's Internet censors began to intermittently block access to both Chinese and English versions of the online encyclopedia with the longest ban lasting around three years . In recent months , Wales has held a series of meetings with officials from the State Council Information Office , the government body charged with internet censorship in China , to establish a dialogue between the Wikipedia community and Chinese government . He says they have not discussed why the website was banned . "  We have a friendly relationship , " Wales told CNN . "  But in terms of getting down to the nitty gritty of what happened , I have no idea . It is not really a big concern . " What is a big concern for Wales is whether Wikipedia can compete with the country 's two homegrown encyclopedia websites that emerged while Wikipedia was blocked : Hudong.com and Baidu Baike , an online knowledge sharing site launched by Baidu , the No. 1 search engine in China . One challenge Wikipedia faces is it lacks the brand recognition in China that is otherwise nearly universal . "  I had an English-speaking , college-educated tour guide -LSB- in Beijing -RSB- , and he asked me what I do ? " Wales told CNN . "  I said , ' I am the founder of Wikipedia . ' He had a blank stare . He had no idea what Wikipedia was . This would not happen anywhere else in the world . Everyone knows Wikipedia if they are using the internet . " Wales said he is trying to mobilize the local Chinese Wikipedia community to spread more awareness about the online encyclopedia but otherwise has not outlined a specific strategy to beat its more entrenched domestic competitors . "  I think I am going to have to come to China a lot and do interviews so people can learn about Wikipedia , " said Wales . "  Once people come to understand it that will be helpful for our cause . " ` No reason for China to use Wikipedia ' Yet Wales ' star power alone may not be enough to convert China 's 300 million internet users into Wikipedians , or volunteers who run the website . "  There 's , in fact , no reason for China to use Wikipedia , a service based ` out there , ' " Baidu 's chief scientist William Chang said at a 2008 internet conference in Beijing . "  It 's very natural for China to make its own products . " And it is also very natural for Chinese to use domestic encyclopedia websites that some say are better suited to the online habits and informational demands of the country 's exploding population of internet surfers . "  We know the market better , " said Pan , founder of Hudong.com . "  That is why we can get a bigger share of it . " Hudong has more than 3 million articles and 1.7 million registered users , according to its website . Baidu Baike has nearly 2 million entries ; Chinese Wikipedia has just 280,000 and over 700 thousand members . English Wikipedia has more than 3 million articles and over 10 million volunteers . "  We have the largest team here who are more familiar with the wiki concept and wiki operations in China , " Pan told CNN . "  Of course we are more focused on the wiki community , which means we need to get a lot of people involved to make it grow . " Hudong.com utilizes a range of social networking functions to attract Chinese internet users , including chat forums , fan groups , short messaging services and bulletin boards . Nearly 100 million Chinese netizens regularly visit online bulletin boards , according to research from China Internet Network Information Center . The website rewards members through a ranking system where users are upgraded to a higher status on the site based on the points they earn . Members also can win prizes , like laptops and iPods , for high participation on the site . Baidu Baike has a similar model . Wikipedia uses a reputation system to promote its members based on their participation on the website and the quality of the content they contribute . Promotion is subject to peer approval , and the site 's volunteer administrators are elected by the community . "  The entry barrier is really high on Wikipedia for Chinese users , " said Pan . "  We do n't have a very hierarchical structure to say who is managing this or who is managing that . " Instead both Hudong.com and Baidu Baike have a centralized management structure . Paid staff are charged with mobilizing the community to contribute to certain topics as well as filter out content that might offend the Chinese government . Saying ` no ' to censorship Wales has refused to comply with Chinese censorship rules , which means certain pages containing sensitive information on both English and Chinese Wikipedia remain inaccessible . "  The question is how comfortable is China about just describing the facts ? " said Wales . "  In some cases that is not completely clear , so right now there are certain pages that are filtered from Wikipedia . We do n't support that but we also ca n't do anything about it . But it is far better than just blocking the entire site . Far better for China and for us . " Since Hudong 's and Baidu Baike 's business operations are based in China , the companies have little choice but to comply with government policy or face the same fate as Wikipedia . "  If there is something that the government does n't want , we do n't talk about it , " said Pan . "  We just follow the law . " Which is why in the long run many Chinese Wikipedians say their website will win . "  I do n't think they can become a reference book like Wikipedia because they do n't have a serious community focusing on improving the quality of content as well as trying to respect neutral point of view , " said Isaac Mao , a Chinese Wikipedian and blogger . "  They have to follow the hidden rules and you never know what those are . " However Pan said Hudong 's content , in time , will improve if the Chinese government continues to gradually loosen its grip on the internet . "  I have been seeing a lot of improvement , " said Pan . "  So we should be glad for that , of course . " Wales also said Wikipedia 's reemergence in China , albeit at times unreliable , is a sign that Beijing 's web policy is changing . "  We are hopeful , " said Wales . "  Wikipedia has been open for more than a year , and we are hoping that will continue . We would like for Wikipedia to have as much impact in China as it has in other places around the world . " Pan 's does n't believe it will happen . "  There is no way , " said Pan . "  I do n't want to be the Jimmy Wales of China . I just want to say that we want to do something good for society . That is our dream actually . "	Home-grown online encyclopedias much more popular than Wikipedia in China Jimmy Wales has refused to tailor Chinese Wikipedia to censorship laws Incentives like iPods and laptops for Chinese netizens who add/vet entries "  We do n't talk about what the government does n't like , " says Pan Haidong
CNN  -- Luke Donald maintained his bid to become the world 's No. 1 golfer as he battled back from a horror start to his third round at the European Tour 's BMW PGA Championship on Saturday . The Englishman remained tied for the lead with teen prodigy Matteo Manassero going into Sunday 's final round in England as he retrieved a six-shot deficit . Donald , who needs to finish ahead of top-ranked Lee Westwood to go to the summit for the first time , had begun the day level with the 18-year-old Italian and Spain 's Alvaro Quiros . But two double-bogeys and another dropped shot in his first six holes left last weekend 's World Match Play Championship runner-up struggling before he rallied with four birdies on the back nine of the revamped Wentworth course . Donald said he planned to consult with his U.S.-based coach Pat Goss after his unusually erratic showing . "  He might have seen something and a little key could make a big difference . I did n't have much control of the ball , but I dug deep and I 'm very proud of the way I came back , " he told the European Tour website . "  I am going to have to play better than that for sure . I felt somewhat like Seve  Ballesteros  -- in the trees , leaves on my back , dropping the ball , escaping from everywhere . "  It would have been very easy to keep the head down and shoot myself out of the tournament , but I do n't like to do that and it was a great fightback . " Manassero also carded a one-over-par 72 to be five-under 208 , with last season 's European Tour rookie of the year mixing three bogeys with two birdies on his front nine . Westwood was tied for third on three under with Paraguayan surprise package Fabrizio Zanotti after a second successive 69 kept alive his hopes of a first win in the tour 's flagship event . "  I am edging my way into the week and hopefully tomorrow I will play special because that 's what I think I will need to win , " he said . "  It was a good 69 . You 've got to be on your game -- it 's a tough examination . " Zanotti , twice a runner-up in minor tour events , bounced back from four bogeys in his first seven holes to reel off five in a row and then another at 16 to also sign for a 69 . Quiros dropped to a tie for eighth on 212 after suffering the embarrassment of two triple-bogeys in his 76 . World No. 6 Rory McIlroy shot the best round of the day -- a four-birdie 68 marred by a dropped shot at the last -- to move up to a tie for 18th on 214 .	Englishman Luke Donald retains joint lead at BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth Donald battles back after falling six shots behind Matteo Manassero Italian teenager also cards 72 as duo take two-shot lead into Sunday 's final round World No. 1 Lee Westwood tied for third following a second successive 69
Mashable  -- YouTube has officially launched its new TrueView ad format , allowing site visitors to avoid watching ads they 're not interested in . Users will now be able to look for a countdown button that will let them skip an ad after it plays for five seconds . In some cases , viewers will be able to select which ad to watch out of three pre-roll options . As we reported back in June , YouTube had been experimenting with the button -- allowing users to stop ads from playing -- for awhile . The other option , allowing users to select which ad to watch , is similar to the one offered on Hulu , where long-form video content has typically had a stronger presence . It looks like some advertisers are reacting positively to the new ad format . Some have said TrueView is a cost-effective advertising option that provides them with a better ability to target their audience . "  Thus far , we 've seen about a 40 percent view-through rate and since we only pay when potential customers actually watch a video , we have more control over our budget , " said Lee Topar , director of online marketing for GoPro , in a statement to Google 's Inside AdWords blog . TrueView , which is presently only available to advertisers with managed accounts , is n't all that widespread on YouTube just yet . Advertisers can decide whether they 'd like to use TrueView or stick with the usual non-skippable platform . Meanwhile , YouTube says it 's working on providing more choice and control in advertising to its users .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	YouTube has officially launched its new TrueView ad format TrueView allows visitors to avoid watching ads they 're not interested in Other option allows users to select which ad to watch
When U.S. Sens. Jeff Flake and Tom Udall fly back from Cuba to the United States on Wednesday , they will carry the regret of not being able to take with them Alan Gross , a U.S. government subcontractor serving a 15-year prison sentence on the island . "  Alan wants to come home , " Flake , an Arizona Republican , said at a news conference after a two-hour meeting with the imprisoned American on Tuesday . The two senators , who are critics of the U.S. trade embargo on Cuba , said they had come to Cuba to again push for Gross ' release . They said his imprisonment is an impediment to improved U.S.-Cuba relations . "  Other people have tried to come and meet with him and not been able to , " said Udall , a New Mexico Democrat . "  That 's an optimistic thing . " Last week , CNN was the first to report that Gross was refusing to meet with U.S. diplomats in Havana , in protest over the slow progress to free him . Detained American Alan Gross ` withdrawn ' Gross ' attorney Scott Gilbert said his client told him he would be happy to see U.S. officials "  at the airport , when he leaves Cuba , assuming he 's alive . " Flake and Udall said they also met Tuesday with Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez Parrilla . The Cuban government has called for a prisoner swap : Gross for three imprisoned Cuban intelligence agents serving lengthy federal prison sentences in the United States . But the U.S. State Department has nixed the idea of a swap , saying Gross was an aid worker merely trying to help Cuba 's small Jewish community get online despite Cuban government restrictions on Internet access . Frustrated by the diplomatic impasse , Gross has threatened to kill himself if he is n't freed soon . "  I do feel we are closer , " Flake said . "  One , because of what Alan Gross has said himself . This is going to end one way or another . We have gone on five years and any benefit the Cuban government may have seen has to have evaporated . " Gross was arrested in 2009 for smuggling in banned communications equipment to Cuba . He was convicted of violating the island 's sovereignty and sentenced to 15 years in prison . Cuban authorities say he was part of a larger program by the U.S. Agency for International Development to undermine the island 's single-party communist form of government . In 2014 , USAID had to defend programs to create a text messaging "  Cuban Twitter " program to stir dissent and another program to recruit future leaders on the island . On Monday , The Associated Press reported that the agency would soon cease all covert programs in Cuba . "  There 's been a statement that there wont be covert programs run out of AID anymore and that 's a good thing , " Flake said . "  Its not just a source of tension between the countries , it puts Americans in danger and really cheapens AID 's mission around the world . " More on detained Americans	Sens. Jeff Flake and Tom Udall are able to meet with Alan Gross Gross is a U.S. government subcontractor serving 15 years in Cuban prison Cuban government has called for a prisoner swap for Gross
CNN  -- The United Nations refugee agency reported disturbing accounts of violence and persecution of sub-Saharan Africans within Libya Tuesday , urging a recognition of their particular vulnerability in the midst of civil war . A group of Sudanese who arrived in Egypt from eastern Libya told representatives of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees  UNHCR  that armed Libyans were going to door to door , forcing people from sub-Saharan countries to leave . They also reported the rape of a 12-year-old Sudanese girl and said many of their documents had been confiscated or destroyed . Spokesman Adrian Edwards said the agency was alarmed by such accounts , increasing in number as the situation in Libya intensifies . Sub-Saharan Africans came under attack after reports that strongman Moammar Gadhafi had recruited them to serve as mercenaries . Libya 's war has forced out 215,000 people , many of them poor migrant workers who have been stranded at both the Tunisian and Egyptian borders . The refugee agency has been working with the International Organization of Migration  IOM  to evacuate people , many of whom have been spending cold nights under the stars and with very little to eat . Others have been sheltered in cramped , unsanitary conditions . The IOM said it was accelerating repatriation of Bangladeshis , who remain stranded by the thousands on both borders with Libya . The agency said it will need at least 20 more chartered flights to evacuate Bangladeshis remaining on the Egyptian border alone . A Bangladeshi man died over the weekend after a fight over food distribution at the Egyptian border , the UNHCR staff reported . They said many of the 3,500 Bangladeshis at that border have been waiting for up to 10 days for transportation and are becoming increasingly agitated . Fewer people are crossing over from Libya into Tunisia , a drop the UNHCR said coincided with intensified fighting in western Libya . Those fleeing have described risky travel conditions and numerous roadblocks . As the fighting escalates in Libya , many are in dire need of help just to survive , U.N. agencies said . The U.N. World Food Programme said a convoy of its trucks was able to enter eastern Libya and was due to arrive in Benghazi some time Tuesday . The convoy , carrying high-energy date bars , was part of a $ 39.2 million emergency operation intended to provide food to more than one million people in Libya , Egypt and Tunisia over a three-month period . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Sudanese tell U.N. refugee agency of rape and forced removals The agency is "  alarmed " by the accounts Thousands of migrants remain at Tunisian and Egyptian borders The U.N. is able to truck emergency food into eastern Libya
CNN  -- Spongy red balls wait in a queue , separating two teams wired to smack their opponent . Within seconds , the players dip and dive like dolphins until one player stands alone , relishing in victory . An adult plays in a dodge ball league organized by the City of Sparks Parks and Recreation in Nevada . It 's the classic game of dodge ball , but these are n't fifth-graders during PE class in Sparks , Nevada . The childhood sport of dodge ball made a comeback four years ago in this bedroom community among adults in their 20s and 30s -- and even a few players who reached retirement . Now , hundreds of working professionals , doctors , lawyers and teachers congregate at the local recreation center for a dose of dodge ball on Sunday nights . "  I think a lot of it goes back to trying to stay young , " said Tony Pehle , recreation supervisor in Sparks , who started the dodge ball program after being inspired by the 2004 Ben Stiller movie "  Dodgeball : A True Underdog Story . " "  They might be adults , but they still like to play and have fun . " Has Peter Pan syndrome come to stay ? From playing dodge ball to jumping double Dutch and competing in rock-paper-scissors , adult men and women , from urban nests to rural towns , are reveling in games and activities once thought to be child 's play . The 2009 World Yo-Yo Contest in Orlando , Florida , this weekend  August 13  is all grown up , attracting more than 150 adult competitors , who can showcase dizzying tricks with the flick of a finger . Later in the month , hundreds of adults outfitted in pirate and animal costumes will race their homebuilt vehicles for Oregon 's annual Portland Adult Soapbox Derby , a crafty activity that began for youths in the 1930s . "  Once a year , I get to build something for the kid in me , " says Jason Hogue , a 41-year-old carpenter , who has participated in the race for eight years . Last year , he constructed a car shaped like a hammerhead shark . "  We get to use our creativity and get excited with our friends . " Whether they 're done to seek refuge from the daily grind or to provide nostalgia for youthful days -- or they 're a product of what some experts say is a generation that ca n't grow up -- these juvenile pastimes are getting more popular . For example , adult viewership of the Nickelodeon show "  SpongeBob SquarePants " swelled by 51 percent from 1999 to 2009 , officials say . The World Adult Kickball Association , one of the largest kickball organizations , has spread its tentacles to 33 states as well a soldier division in Iraq . WAKA Kickball began as a casual game between a few young single friends in their 20s in Washington , D.C. Now , the games appeal to tens of thousands of adults , many of them yuppies wanting a quick escape from the stresses of their first 401  k  , mortgage and job . "  I played soccer growing up , and I like competition , " says avid kickball player Marlon LeWinter , 28 , of New York City . LeWinter , a public relations executive , usually plays the position of center with a bunch of producers , writers and analysts in their late 20s . They named their team Chipwich Nation after they scarfed down the cookies-and-ice cream treat at a bar after a game one night . "  Sometimes when it 's -LSB- the score -RSB- two to one in a kickball came , I get the jitters , " he says . The economic bind also creates a favorable environment for adults to latch onto simple children 's games and sports . With players who are trapped in a world of layoffs and job freezes , these adult leagues , contests and tournaments are the equivalent of sandbox time for children . They can make new friends and go for a beer after the game . These activities are also budget-friendly , costing less than $ 100 to join for several months of play -- much less than a golf club membership . Since the recession , Duncan Toys , one of the biggest yo-yo manufacturers in the United States , has seen sales spike . A company official noticed many of the adults who purchased yo-yos tried to get the same models they owned as kids . "  Nowadays , everything is taken so seriously that people revert to something like playing with a yo-yo , " says Mike McBride , a 34-year-old multimedia designer who picked up the activity shortly after college . McBride , who will compete in the Orlando World Yo-Yo contest , says the activity helps him relieve stress . "  There 's no pressure . " In 2006 , Christopher Noxon , in his book "  Rejuvenile , " explored why adults fancy childhood pursuits like kickball , cartoons and cupcakes . Beginning with Generation X adults in the 1990s , the group began to shift from the norms of the hierarchal corporate ladder , and the age of marriage began to steadily climb . Soon , juvenile activities that had been regarded as silly became hip . Quirky became cool , and more organized teams , groups and competitions for playground sports and childlike hobbies emerged . "  Our whole idea of adulthood has changed , " says Noxon . "  We value flexibility and creativity , and these are things kids are good at . It 's brought us back to what we had as children . " But it is n't just the younger generations that clutch leftovers from their youth or become interested in child-like activities . Grandparents in their 70s and 80s still collect roomfuls of model train sets , romanticizing the days when the only way to travel was by choo-choo . Women in their 40s acquire American Girl dolls that stir fond memories of reading the novels during childhood . Psychology experts say it should n't be a surprise that the affinity for childhood hobbies and activities extends across generations . After all , Americans have long had an obsession with youth . To be young is associated with being fun , vibrant and active . In the Internet age , finding one 's inner child has never been easier , with the proliferation of social networks such as Facebook or Web sites like Meetup.com , where users can create groups and meeting times for activities . On the site , groups of adults organize scavenger hunts in Atlanta , Georgia , and action figure discussions in New York City . "  This is a generation of people who are far less homogenous and more niche-oriented , " says Judith Sills , a clinical psychologist who works with young adults . "  They can bond around their quirky differences . Ten years ago , you could n't have easily found another kickball player , even if you wanted to play . "	WAKA Kickball started more than a decade ago by a few friends is now in 33 states The 2009 World Yo-Yo Contest will attract more than 150 adults this year Hundreds of adult soapbox racers will wear costumes to race in Portland , Oregon "  Rejuvenile " author Noxon says childhood pastimes are becoming more acceptable
NEW YORK  CNN  -- An employee of a luxurious New York hotel has been arrested in connection with the slaying of a woman in one of the hotel 's residential condominiums , police say . The Jumeirah Essex House is a landmark on Central Park South in New York . Derrick Praileau , 29 , faces second-degree murder charges in connection with the death of Andree Bejjani , 44 . Police said Bejjani , who was originally from Lebanon , had moved to New York from Dubai , United Arab Emirates , and had been staying in a residential condominium at the Jumeirah Essex House since August . Bejjani 's nude body was found Saturday afternoon on the 10th floor of the hotel on Central Park South . Her throat was slashed , authorities said . Police have not revealed a suspected motive for the slaying . "  This incident occurred in one of the private condominiums at The Essex House complex , " the hotel said in a statement provided to CNN . "  Our sincere condolences go out to the victim 's family and we have offered our full support during this difficult time . " The statement continued : "  We understand that a hotel employee has been arrested pending charges in conjunction with this incident . We continue to fully cooperate with the police throughout their investigation . " A message left with Praileau 's defense attorney was not returned . The hotel referred to Praileau only as an employee , but the New York Daily News said he was its housekeeping manager , citing Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly . The 44-story Essex House opened in 1931 , a landmark Art Deco building . It recently underwent a $ 90 million renovation . The hotel has more than 500 luxury rooms and suites , along with several privately-owned residences . One six-room unit is currently on the market for $ 8.25 million .	Lebanese native Andree Bejjani , 44 , found dead in condo Saturday Derrick Praileau , 29 , faces second-degree murder charges Police commissioner tells newspaper that Praileau was housekeeping manager Authorities have not revealed suspected motive
CNN  -- Five months after being injured in a deadly limo bus crash , Tracy Morgan is fighting to return to the person he once was , his lawyer said Tuesday . And it seems the "  30 Rock " star 's injuries were n't just the broken ribs , broken nose and broken leg that were previously reported . According to attorney Benedict Morelli , the 46-year-old comedic actor also suffered a "  severe brain injury . " "  Mr. Morgan is a fighter , " Morelli said , according to NJ.com . "  He 's fighting to get better . And if there 's a chance for him to be back to the Tracy Morgan he once was , he 's going to try to do that . But we just do n't know because of the severity of the injuries that he sustained and the fact that he had such a severe brain injury . " Police : Driver charged in Tracy Morgan crash was awake 24 hours On June 7 , Morgan was a passenger on a limo bus that was rear-ended by a Walmart truck on the New Jersey Turnpike . The crash killed Morgan 's friend and fellow comedian James McNair , and left Morgan and his other companions with injuries . As previously reported , a preliminary report by the National Transportation Safety Board showed that the Walmart truck was traveling 20 mph over the speed limit , and that its driver was almost at his drive-time limit . In July , Morgan and three others filed suit against Walmart , stating in a complaint that "  the defendants ' negligence was a substantial contributing factor in causing plaintiffs ' injuries . " Tracy Morgan sues Walmart over deadly crash The retailer responded in September by placing part of the blame on Morgan and the other passengers , saying that the injuries sustained were "  caused , in whole or in part , by plaintiffs ' failure to properly wear an appropriate available seat belt restraint device . " The driver who was operating the Walmart truck , Kevin Roper , has pleaded not guilty to criminal charges that include vehicular homicide and assault by automobile . Tracy Morgan : I ca n't believe Walmart is blaming me On Tuesday , as representatives for both sides in the lawsuit arrived in court for a scheduling conference , Morelli said that "  the jury is still out " on whether Morgan will be able to fully recover . "  When you have a traumatic brain injury , it takes a very long time to find out how you 're going to do and how much you 're going to recover , " Morelli said . "  So that 's where he is . He 's still fighting and trying to live his life at the same time and trying to get better , and he 's just not better . We 're hoping and praying to get him back to where he was . " Morgan , who spent weeks in the hospital and rehabilitation following the crash , showed gratitude to his fans in September for their continued support . "  I want to thank my fans for sticking with me during this difficult time , " the "  Saturday Night Live " veteran said . "  I love you all . I 'm fighting hard every day to get back . "	Tracy Morgan 's lawyer says the actor sustained "  severe " brain injury in June crash Morgan also suffered broken ribs , a broken nose and a broken leg Lawyer : Morgan is fighting to get better
New York  CNN  -- The father of a 4-year-old boy tortured and beaten to death in New York will be freed from jail to attend his son 's funeral , authorities said Thursday . Myls Dobson was found unconscious and unresponsive January 8 on the floor of a bathroom at The Ritz Plaza , a luxury high-rise in the Hell 's Kitchen section of Manhattan . He had been subjected to weeks of abuse , allegedly at the hands of his caregiver . Myls was later pronounced dead at a hospital . The boy 's father , Okee Wade , 37 , who has a lengthy arrest record , pleaded guilty in New Jersey Thursday to a charge of second-degree racketeering in connection with an elaborate bank fraud scheme . A judge ordered him released on his own recognizance until February 6 to attend his son 's funeral , according to the state attorney general 's office . Wade was arrested days after dropping his son off with a caregiver in mid-December . "  I 'm letting you out to go give your son a proper burial , " New Jersey Superior Court Judge Michael A. Donio said Thursday . Wade must turn himself in February 6 and will be sentenced on February 21 . Under the plea agreement , prosecutors will recommend a sentence of five years in state prison , but the judge warned that he faces up to 20 years if he fails to turn himself in . "  If you do n't come back in three weeks , " the judge said , "  the terms of this plea agreement go out the window . " A memorial service for Myls will be held Tuesday night at First Corinthian Baptist Church in Harlem . An adviser to Myls ' mother , Ashlee Dobson , said the father is welcome at the service "  as long as he does n't come and start anything . " "  The father 's family -- Myls ' grandmother and grandfather -- have been participating in preparations and will be flying the baby 's body for burial in a family plot in his native South Carolina , " said the adviser , Tony Herbert . "  He is a father . It 's his child . We 'll be in a church . We have to forgive . " Kryzie King , 27 , was indicted in connection with the boy 's death in Manhattan criminal court Wednesday . She has been charged with first-degree assault , first-degree reckless endangerment , endangering the welfare of a child and unlawful imprisonment . A prosecutor told the court last week that King also was being investigated on suspicion of murder and faced additional charges . The indictment will be unsealed February 5 . In a statement last week , King 's attorney , Bryan Konoski , said : "  My client is not charged with homicide at this time and she is presumed to be innocent of allegations against her . I would tell everyone not jump to any conclusions at this time . " On Wednesday , Konoski did not return a call seeking comment . Also on Wednesday , Myls ' body was claimed from the morgue in New York . In the final weeks of his brief life , Myls suffered unspeakable acts of neglect and violence , according to a criminal complaint . The boy had burn marks and abrasions on his head , neck , face and testicles , court papers said . There were bruises and numerous marks made by an object on his abdomen and legs and wrists -- bruises consistent with being restrained -- lacerations to his fingers , abrasions to his armpit , and bruises and scars on his back . The child appeared malnourished , the complaint said . King told police that Myls ' father dropped the child off for her to watch December 17 and that she was the "  child 's primary and sole caretaker " until the time of his death , the complaint said . New York Mayor Bill de Blasio called Myls ' death tragic and ordered a full report on what happened by the end of this week . "  Each one of these tragedies , it 's our job to try to stop , " he said . "  And god forbid when they happen , it is our job to learn from them and try to every time do better so we can reach more children . "	Father of tortured 4-year-old to be released from jail for son 's funeral Myls Dobson was found unconscious January 8 at caregiver 's apartment Judge to dad : "  I 'm letting you out to go give your son a proper burial "
CNN  -- Stan Case , an anchor for CNN Radio , has died in a car crash in Birmingham , Alabama , a police spokesman said Wednesday . "  Stan was a news anchor for CNN Radio and a mainstay of the network since he joined CNN in 1985 , " said Jim Walton , president of CNN Worldwide . "  He was a fine journalist , a leader in our organization and , as anyone who had the privilege of knowing him will tell you , a great guy . " Case 's wife , Angela Stiepel Case , was injured , according to a family friend , Merrell Waring . She remained hospitalized Wednesday . Case is a writer at CNN , where she has worked for more than 20 years . Tyler Moody , vice president of CNN Radio , said news of Stan Case 's death caused "  terrible sadness " for him and his colleagues . "  Our thoughts now are for his wife Angi 's recovery , and his family during this difficult time . For over 26 years , Stan was our friend first and colleague second . He will be missed . " Birmingham police Sgt. Johnny Williams said he did not have details on the crash , which happened Tuesday . An accident reconstruction team planned to investigate further Wednesday , he said . Stan Case came to CNN in 1985 after working as a correspondent for KEBC-AM in Oklahoma City . He was "  in many ways the backbone of this network , " said Mike Jones , a CNN Radio news manager . He also held a law degree . "  Stan was a rock here , and his death creates a tremendous void , " Jones said . Another colleague , Jim Ribble , said Case 's training as a lawyer helped provide a "  reasoned , logical and levelheaded " take on the news . "  Stan was the best , " Ribble said . "  I 'll miss him . "	CNN Radio anchor Stan Case dies in a car wreck His wife , Angela Stiepel Case , was injured , a friend says "  Stan was a rock here , " a colleague said
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Nepal 's Maoist government took the president to task Monday for ordering the country 's army chief of staff to stay in office after they had fired him , calling the decision "  unconstitutional . " General Rookmangud Katawal gestures after inspecting a guard of honor in New Delhi on December 12 , 2007 . "  Neither the constitution nor the Military Act gives the President the right to do anything besides supporting the government 's decision , " said Krishna Bahadur Mahara , the minister for information and communication . Late Sunday night , President Ram Baran Yadav ordered Gen. Rookmangud Katawal , who was sacked by the government Sunday morning , to continue in office . Nepal 's interim constitution gives the president powers as supreme commander of the army and guardian of the constitution . "  The president took the step after 18 parties in parliament requested the President to intervene , " presidential spokesman Rajendra Dahal told CNN Sunday night . The decision to fire Katawal touched off protests . Supporters of both sides in the dispute took to the streets for demonstrations Sunday . Despite sporadic clashes between the two factions , there were no serious injuries reported . The coalition government led by the Unified Communist Party of Nepal  Maoist  -- better known as Maoist -- leads a minority government for which its largest coalition partner , the Communist Party of Nepal  Unified Marxist Leninist  , has withdrawn support . It is unclear if the government will fall , since Madhesi Janadhikar  People 's Rights  Forum , another coalition partner and the fourth largest party in parliament , is undecided about staying in the government . Nepal 's Cabinet voted to dismiss Katawal after the military refused the government 's order to stop recruiting about 3,000 new soldiers to fill vacant positions when it has yet to take in former Maoist rebels , as a 2006 peace deal required . The Maoists laid down their arms and won power in 2008 elections after an agreement that ended a decade-long insurgency . Under the deal , more than 19,000 former insurgents were to be integrated into the country 's security forces .	Government calls president 's order to keep army chief in office "  unconstitutional " Maoist government ordered army chief of staff to be fired after recruitment issue Military refused to stop recruiting soldiers while it has n't accepted ex-Maoist rebels Dismissal touches off street protests and a split in Maoist-dominated ruling coalition
CNN  -- Mark Zuckerberg is not in danger of losing his job , but that does n't mean he can brush off recent criticism of his leadership . Facebook has had a rough first three months as a public company . The social network 's stock has performed poorly since going public in May , and on Monday morning it dropped to an all-time low of $ 18.75 -- less than half of the company 's initial share price of $ 38 . Investors are looking to place blame for the disappointing performance , and the obvious target is Zuckerberg , the company 's founder and chief executive . The 28-year-old casual-wear enthusiast built Facebook from a dorm-room project into a publicly traded company with 900 million monthly users that saw $ 3.7 billion in revenue and $ 1 billion in profits last year . But since the stock slumped again this week , some critics have openly questioned whether Facebook 's boy-wonder CEO has the maturity necessary to navigate the corporate world . In a much-repeated quote that reflected the divide between buttoned-down Wall Street and laid-back startup culture , one analyst wondered if Zuckerberg "  is in over his hoodie . " "  He is a brilliant guy . He is the visionary behind this company . But ... what he is not is CEO material , " Newsweek columnist Joanne Lipman told CNN this week . Now Zuckerberg is tasked with rebuilding confidence among investors and employees . And some analysts said they think he should start by speaking up about what , exactly , Facebook is up to . "  It 's his responsibility ; it is his obligation to deal with investors , " said Michael Pachter , an analyst with Wedbush Securities . "  I 'm not sure he cares enough , and I think the management is going to do what the CEO tells them to do . " The shift from coder to investor-relations manager might not come naturally to Zuckerberg , who has repeatedly emphasized that Facebook was not started as a company , and its goal is to focus on the product before profit . "  We do n't build services to make money ; we make money to build better services , " he said in a letter to investors before going public . But since its initial public offering , the company has been slow to introduce major new products . One cause of the company 's stock troubles , according to Pachter , is that it changed its strategy between its IPO and the first earnings call , significantly increasing operating costs . The vast majority of Facebook 's revenue comes from advertising , but the company has n't explained in detail what it 's spending its new revenue on , and how or when those investments will translate into increased profits . A lack of transparency can create uncertainty , which causes people who own the stock to sell and people who are inclined to buy the stock to wait until they have more information , Pachter said . "  Investors do n't know how to think about Facebook , most likely because they do n't use it , " said Brian Solis , an analyst at Altimeter Group , who speculates that typical investors are more likely to be on LinkedIn . He agrees that more communication from Zuckerberg is needed to give investors faith . Even shareholders who fully understand Facebook 's business model are jumping ship . The company 's morale was dealt a huge blow this week when venture capitalist Peter Thiel , a board member and early Facebook investor , unloaded the majority of his shares , bringing the amount of money he 's made off the company to more than $ 1 billion . Loss of confidence by shareholders exacerbates Wall Street 's other major concern -- that Facebook issued too many shares to begin with . Facebook 's lockup periods -- rules that prevent early investors and employees from selling stock for a set amount of time following an IPO -- are starting to expire , allowing people such as Thiel to sell . "  The lockups are expiring too soon ; the market is just not prepared to absorb this many shares , " Pachter said . Facebook employees are n't able to sell their stocks just yet , but if Zuckerberg ca n't instill confidence in Facebook soon , they could add to the problem by selling off their shares as soon as it 's allowed later this year . For now , they are powerless to do anything but watch while the value of their stock tumbles . Sagging morale can have a negative impact on every aspect of running a business , including employee recruiting and retention . According to The Wall Street Journal , Zuckerberg addressed employees ' concerns in a meeting in August , saying he understands it may be "  painful " for them to watch the value of the stock drop . "  He focuses on shipping and user experience . He gives his employees a mission to believe in , " said Solis , who favorably compares Zuckerberg 's strategy to that of Steve Jobs , another tech-company founder who focused on products above investors . That leadership approach turned out pretty well for Apple . But Zuckerberg is not leading the company on his own . He has surrounded himself with experienced Silicon Valley and business veterans , including Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg , who previously worked at Google and for the U.S. Treasury Department . Publicly , Zuckerberg is keeping his head down while Facebook works to address other issues , such as its challenges making money on mobile users . On Thursday , the company rolled out updates to its mobile iPad and iPhone apps , which are significantly speedier than the previous versions . Also , the company 's purchase of Instagram was approved by the Federal Trade Commission this week , which will allow Facebook to focus even more on mobile products . Despite some speculation in the media about whether he might step down , Zuckerberg 's job is safe . He has job security primarily because he smartly owns 20.7 % of Facebook 's stock and has a 57 % voting stake in the company . Many investors also recognize how integral his image and leadership are to the Facebook brand , and they are still willing to give him a chance . "  He has not proven his lack of ability and he has not yet proven his ability , " Pachter said . "  So let 's give him a few more quarters and see what he does . "	Facebook stock hit a record low of $ 18.75 this week Some investors are placing blame on CEO Mark Zuckerberg The 28-year-old executive has been trying to boost employee confidence
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI will not visit Israel 's Holocaust museum when he makes his first trip to the region as pope in May , though he will visit a memorial that is part of the site , his ambassador to Israel said Tuesday . Pope Benedict XVI , shown at the Vatican during a prayer Sunday , has spoken out forcefully against the Holocaust . He will also become the first pontiff to visit the Dome of the Rock , one of the holiest sites in Islam , said the envoy , papal nuncio Antonio Franco . Foreign heads of state normally visit the Holocaust museum , which is part of the Yad Vashem complex in Jerusalem . But it includes controversial wording describing the role of Pope Pius XII during World War II , which is why Pope Benedict balked , an Israeli official said . Critics have accused Pope Pius of doing too little to prevent the mass murder of European Jews by the Nazis under Adolf Hitler . A caption in the museum says he maintained a neutral position during the years of mass extermination of Europe 's Jews . The Vatican defends him and is gradually opening its archives in an effort to show that he acted behind the scenes . Franco gave the news of Pope Benedict 's visit to Yad Vashem at a news conference in Jerusalem . Pope John Paul II also did not visit the museum section on his historic pilgrimage to Israel in 2000 , Father Federico Lombardi , a papal spokesman , said as he confirmed that Pope Benedict will not do so . An official with Israel 's Foreign Ministry said the decision was made jointly because of the sensitivity of the matter . Yigal Palmor conceded that there is an argument over the wartime pope 's actions during the Holocaust and noted that the museum has a sign stating that the facts are in dispute . He said that Pope Benedict may visit other parts of the Yad Vashem complex , which is divided into several compounds , and that the pontiff will lay a wreath at the site 's Hall of Remembrance , which is part of the protocol for visiting heads of state . The announcement that Pope Benedict will visit only part of Yad Vashem also follows international outrage over his rehabilitation of a rebel bishop who denied the Nazis systematically murdered 6 million Jews in the Holocaust . The Vatican ordered the bishop , Richard Williamson , to recant , and said the pope was not aware of Williamson 's views on the Holocaust when he lifted the excommunication of the bishop . Pope Benedict , who was born in Germany and forced to join the Hitler Youth as a teenager , has spoken out forcefully against the Holocaust on a number of occasions , including on a visit to the site of the Auschwitz concentration camp . Pope Benedict will make his pilgrimage to the Holy Land May 8-15 with stops in Amman , Jerusalem , Bethlehem and Nazareth , according to the itinerary released by the Vatican . He will be celebrating Mass in Jerusalem , Bethlehem and Nazareth , the city where Christians believe Jesus preached and lived . Some 50,000 pilgrims are expected to attend that event , the bishop of Nazareth said . In Jerusalem , a city holy to all three of the major monotheistic faiths , Pope Benedict will visit the Western Wall , Judaism 's holiest prayer site , and the Church of the Holy Sepulcher , which Catholics believe is the site of the crucifixion , burial and resurrection of Jesus Christ . The pope will also meet Israel 's chief rabbis and enter the Dome of the Rock with the chief Muslim cleric in the Holy Land , the grand mufti of Jerusalem . He will also meet Jordan 's King Abdullah and Israeli President Shimon Peres , as well as Mahmoud Abbas , the president of the Palestinian Authority , Franco said . CNN 's Guy Azriel in Jerusalem and Alessandro Gentile in Rome contributed to this report .	NEW : Benedict XVI to be first pontiff to visit the Dome of the Rock NEW : Trip to be May 8-15 with stops in Amman , Jerusalem , Bethlehem , Nazareth In Jerusalem , he 'll visit Yad Vashem 's memorial section , will skip museum Pope Pius XII criticized for WW II actions ; Vatican says he acted behind the scenes
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Dancing in public is not allowed in Iran , but thousands could hardly contain themselves at a recent presidential campaign rally in the capital city , Tehran . Supporters hope Zahra Rahnavard will become Iran 's future first lady . On this day , the deafening cheers were not for presidential hopeful Mir Hossein Mousavi , but rather for his wife -- a woman some are calling Iran 's Michelle Obama . The comparisons to the first lady of the United States stem from the role Zahra Rahnavard is playing in her husband 's quest for the presidency . Never in the history of Iranian presidential elections has a candidate put his wife in the forefront of his campaign . Wherever Mousavi -- a centrist candidate -- goes , Rahnavard is usually nearby . Watch more about Zahra Rahnavard " "  We look at her and we say , ` we want to be like her in the future , ' " said Shakiba Shakerhosseie , one of 12,000 people who packed into Tehran 's indoor Azadi  Freedom  sports stadium to hear Rahnavard speak . Iran became an Islamic republic in 1979 after the ruling monarchy was overthrown and Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was forced into exile . The revolution also ended the ceremonial role of first lady that the last queen , Farah , enjoyed . At this rally , Rahnavard -- a writer and art professor -- spoke for her husband , who was campaigning elsewhere . Wearing a floral headscarf and a traditional black chador -- a full-length loose robe that women in Iran wear like a cloak -- Rahnavard called for freedoms she says were lost during President Mahmoud Ahmadijenad 's term . "  I hope freedom of speech , freedom of the pen and freedom of thought will not be forgotten , " she said . The crowd , which was clad in Mousavi 's trademark color green , cheered wildly . It waved placards with his picture and swayed from side to side , chanting and beating drums . The women sat on one side ; the men on the other . The overwhelming majority were young voters , many of whom said they attended because of Mousavi 's wife , a mother of three . Iran 's population -- estimated at more than 66 million -- has a median age of 27 . "  I am really angry here in Iran with the position of women , " said Saghar Kouhestani , adding that she supports Mousavi because of his wife . Mousavi , a former prime minister , is considered a threat to Ahmadinejad , a hard-liner , in the June 12 elections . He is credited for successfully navigating the Iranian economy during a bloody eight-year war with Iraq in the 1980s . Over the weekend , the Iranian government blocked access to the social networking site Facebook , where Mousavi has a page with more than 5,000 supporters , the semi-official Iranian Labor News Agency  ILNA  said . Those attempting to visit Facebook received a message in Farsi saying , "  Access to this site is not possible . " Political science professor Mohammad Marandi downplays Rahnavard 's impact . She may win over reformists and women , he says , but what will win the election is a solution to the floundering economy and a strong performance in the debates . "  If Ahmadinejad does well in the debates , I do n't think anyone will be able to defeat him , " Marandi said . But try selling that to Rahnavard 's enthusiastic supporters . "  This is the first time after the Revolution we see a lady behind the president , " said Farhad Mahmoudi . "  And this is why we 're so happy because we can have a first lady . "	Wife of presidential hopeful Mir Hossein Mousavi generates huge crowds Never in the history of Iranian presidential elections has a wife been in the forefront "  This is the first time after the Revolution we see a lady behind the president " Could draw young voters in Iran , where median age is 27
CNN  One year ago this month , Boko Haram 's leader Abubakar Shekau released a video announcing a new , reprehensible front in its bloody attempt at forced Islamism : his fighters will begin abducting girls and selling them . The kidnappings , he said , were retaliation for Nigerian security forces nabbing the wives and children of group members . And for 12 months , the radical militant group has done just that -- with Nigerians treating the sporadic kidnappings with disgust but resignation . But that 's changed now . "  When this first happened ... what I was hearing from my friends and from other people was like , ` Why do I care ? Nigeria is done . Nigeria is going to disintegrate , ' " said Emeka Daniel , whose father was kidnapped in Nigeria in an unrelated incident . "  I refused to believe that , " he said . "  We ca n't let this be the new normal . " Here are six reasons why the Boko Haram abductions , the repugnant message its leader released this week , and Nigeria 's inadequate response should matter to the rest of the world . Terrorism is n't isolated Just imagine if 276 girls had been kidnapped in the United States . The response would be mass outrage and a forceful demand for a response . As borders become more irrelevant for terrorists , the whole world needs to take notice of the likes of Boko Haram . "  We need to take ownership as if this happened in Chicago or this happened in Washington , D.C. , " said Nicole Lee , outgoing president of the TransAfrica Forum . "  We need to be talking about this . ... We need to make sure our own government is helping in any way that we can . " What the Boko Haram has set out to do in Africa 's most populous nation is as heinous as the havoc the Taliban is wreaking . "  They actually originated as a group called the Nigerian Taliban , which kind of explains where they 're coming from , " said CNN 's national security analyst Peter Bergen . "  They are aiming to impose Taliban-style rule on much of Nigeria , particularly in the north where they are based . " The group 's name itself means "  Western education is sinful " in the local Hausa language . Its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law . The group especially opposes the education of women . Under its version of Sharia law , women should be at home raising children and looking after their husbands , not at school learning to read and write . Then consider its ties to al Qaeda . How closely related Boko Haram is to al Qaeda is hard to define , but the United States says it has links . "  Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , which is the North African al Qaeda affiliate , has given money to Boko Haram in the past , " Bergen said . "  There is reporting suggesting that Osama bin Laden was in communication with the leadership of this group . " Daniel put it succinctly . "  People are thinking , this does n't affect my country , but I 'm telling them terrorists ... did n't just wake up one morning and decide to become terrorists , " he said . "  These guys , it takes years for them to decide to go out there and commit these atrocities . So as the world , we have to come together and try to find a solution to this problem . " The United States is so concerned about anti-Western terrorism in Nigeria that the State Department released a warning last week to Americans traveling within and to Nigeria that "  groups associated with terrorism " may be planning an attack in Lagos , the country 's commercial center , Bergen said . The inhumane treatment of children concerns us all The terrorists raided the girls ' school in the middle of the night , posing as soldiers . After a gunfight with security guards , they stormed the students ' dormitory and herded the girls into vehicles . As they made their escape , the militants burned down nearby buildings in the northern town of Chibok . The girls disappeared into the night . Even worse are fears of what will happen to the girls next . The new video from the purported leader of Boko Haram detailed this chilling plan : "  I abducted your girls . I will sell them in the market , by Allah , " said a man claiming to be Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau in the video first obtained by Agence France-Presse . If the claim proves true , the 276 teen girls could become child brides or sex slaves . Rights groups have said Boko Haram has kidnapped girls as young as 12 . And the abductions are only getting worse . In the first two months of this year alone , Boko Haram kidnapped at least 25 girls and women , according to Human Rights Watch . In November , the militant group abducted dozens of Christian girls and women , most of whom were later rescued by the military deep in a forest in Maiduguri . At the time of their rescue , some were pregnant or had children , and others had been forcibly converted to Islam and married off to their kidnappers . The parents ' hands are tied Any parent can only imagine the horror of a child getting kidnapped . Now multiply that by 276 and add the fear of a volatile terrorist group . Families of some of the kidnapped girls are petrified of speaking to the media for fear of retribution against their daughters . "  Many of the parents feel if there is even  any  kind of movement from their end , they could see the children killed , " CNN 's Nigeria-based correspondent Vladimir Duthiers said . "  The parents told us , over the course of the last three weeks , they themselves have risked their own lives trying to go in armed with machetes , sticks and rocks to do the job they say the Nigerian military is unwilling to do . " It 's the price they pay for daring to send their girls to school despite threats from Boko Haram . The kidnapped girls were from Borno state , where 72 % of primary-age children have never attended school , according to the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria . Daniel said he knows what the parents are going through . His father was abducted in Nigeria four years ago while returning home from work . "  You ca n't sleep . You ca n't eat . " To this day , Daniel said , he can still hear the cries of his family members . "  So I really feel for these mothers that lost their daughters . It 's -- I ca n't -- you ca n't really begin to understand what they are going through until you 're in that situation . " Daniel 's father was shot and almost died . He was released only after the family paid a ransom . What happens in Nigeria has deeper repercussions Nigeria boasts Africa 's largest economy . But internal problems can have a ripple effect far and wide . Nigerian militant activity has already spilled over to neighbors such as Cameroon , whose government has warned that clerics have been recruiting members in mosques in the country , said Orji Uzor Kalu , a former governor of Nigeria 's Abia State . "  In this era of accelerating globalization , it appears Boko Haram hopes to align itself with extremist forces in Niger , Mali and potentially in the Middle East , which raises the specter of coordination on the stockpiling of munitions , intelligence gathering and future assaults , " Kalu said . The Nigerian response has been feeble Two days after the kidnappings , the Nigerian military said all but eight of the girls were free . That turned out to be untrue , prompting the father of one of the abducted girls to say the government had gone from using "  blatant propaganda " to telling "  blatant lie . " For three weeks , President Goodluck Jonathan said nothing . He has yet to visit the region . And when he did begin speaking about the abductions , he criticized the parents for not cooperating with the police , for not sharing information . "  It 's been awful , frankly , " said Richard Downie of the Nigerian government 's response . Downie is the deputy director and fellow for the African program at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  These girls were taken in the middle of last month and really it was not until last night that we had the first lengthy comments from the president , which lends credence to this allegation that the government is not sufficiently invested in this crisis , " Downie said Monday . Add to that the comments Jonathan 's wife reportedly made . "  Patience Jonathan , who is the first lady , called some of the mothers to her , to meet with her , and she basically told them that they really need to be quiet and they were really bringing shame and embarrassment to Nigeria , " said Lee , from the TransAfrica Forum . "  That 's certainly a problem . " This ca n't be business as usual With a World Economic Forum set to begin Wednesday in the capital city of Abuja , the Nigerian government is under mounting pressure to find and save the girls . The U.S. government is offering to help , but said Nigeria must take the lead in finding the students . Officials told CNN the Obama administration is sharing intelligence with Nigerian authorities and could provide other assistance , but there is no plan to send U.S. troops . A group of U.S. senators from both parties has introduced a resolution calling for the United States to help the Nigerian government improve school security and go after Boko Haram . The resolution stops short of calling for sending American troops . Instead , it urges "  timely civilian assistance " from the United States and allied African nations to help rescue the abducted students . Rights groups are therefore heartened at the groundswell of support , with the globally trending hashtag #BringBackOurGirls . Crowds from Los Angeles to London rallied over the weekend . "  I think one of the most beautiful things that has happened is people are taking the hashtag , putting them in front of them and saying , ` Bring back our girls , ' " Lee said . "  I think people are doing that . It 's catching fire . " CNN 's Erin Burnett , Janelle Griffin , Martin Savidge , Barbara Starr , Faith Karimi , Tom Cohen , Bill Weir and Aminu Abubakar contributed to this report .	The girls were kidnapped from school more than 3 weeks ago The militant group Boko Haram claims responsibility for the mass abduction "  Allah says I should sell " the girls , the Boko Haram leader says Advocate : We need to treat this like it happened in the United States
Washington  CNN  -- In the wake of the Arab Spring protests across the Middle East and North Africa , President Barack Obama will pledge U.S. economic assistance to Egypt and Tunisia on Thursday in a speech highlighting his administration 's revised policies toward the changing region . The highly anticipated address at the State Department will touch on all the Middle East-North Africa flash points -- the Israeli-Palestinian peace process , Libya , Syria , Iran and the recent killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden -- with a focus on Obama 's plan for how the United States can help the region develop through political and economic reforms , according to administration officials . New bin Laden audio tape released Obama "  will be laying out a vision tomorrow for the region of what it can be long-term and its role in the world , and as part of that , we 'll be announcing a series of initiatives to support that long-term vision , " a senior administration official said Wednesday . He was one of three senior administration officials who briefed reporters on condition of not being identified by name . Want to reach Arabs Mr. President ? Try this The speech comes nearly two years after a 2009 address in Cairo , the Egyptian capital , by Obama that called for "  a new beginning " between the United States and the Muslim world . Now many in the Middle East and North Africa consider the Cairo speech a collection of lofty ideals that lacked sufficient follow-through , and they want Obama to signal substantive and concrete policies that support the aspirations of the region 's people . Marwan Muasher , a former Jordanian foreign minister and longtime advocate of Arab reform , said the Middle East is a new environment now , where young men and women are laying their lives on the line for democracy throughout the region . They need to be told their cause is just and how the United States will support them . "  If this is going to be another Cairo speech , forget it , " said Muasher , now at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  It was great two years ago , and even then the feedback was mixed because people wanted to see what he would do . If he does n't have much to add this time , people will not be fooled by it . " Obama 's do-over on the Middle East Gigi Ibrahim , a 24-year-old Egyptian activist and blogger , said that Obama 's words will have little impact in her country . "  At this point , whatever President Obama will address will really be irrelevant to what the situation is now because we 're really building democracy from the bottom up , " Ibrahim said , adding that "  America is not the model of democracy that we are striving for . " She called U.S. policy on the Middle East "  hypocritical " because , she said , the United States "  will support a dictatorship if it 's aligned with its interests . " That attitude is rife throughout the Middle East and North Africa , noted CNN senior political analyst David Gergen . With Egypt facing economic crisis , the Libyan conflict at a stalemate , an ongoing harsh crackdown on demonstrators in Syria and the Israeli-Palestinian peace process at a standstill , there is little belief in the region that Obama or the United States can do much to help , Gergen said . "  I think it 's going to be very difficult in the near term to generate excitement about his policies in the Middle East , " Gergen said . What 's next for the Arab Spring In an effort to start changing such perceptions , the Obama administration on Wednesday imposed tough sanctions against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and six other senior Syrian officials in an effort to stop the regime 's fierce crackdown on anti-government protests . The sanctions also target two top Iranian officials whose unit was a "  conduit for Iranian material support " to Syrian intelligence , according to a copy of the executive order issued by the White House . According to the senior administration officials , Thursday 's speech will focus on the opportunity for the United States to help people in the Middle East-North Africa region gain a say in their future governance through the changes they have launched . Obama will emphasize U.S. principles such as freedom of assembly , the right to self-determination and respect for human rights while promoting economic development as a significant contributor to helping people of the region realize their aspirations , the officials said . "  It 's important to note that some of the protests in the region are deeply rooted in a lack of individual opportunity and economic growth , as well as a suppression of political rights , " one of the senior administration officials said . "  We also know from our study of the past that successful transitions to democracy depend in part on strong foundations for prosperity , and that reinforcing economic growth is an important way of reinforcing a democratic transition . " That means that "  one of the most important areas for us to focus on is supporting positive economic growth that again can incentivize and reinforce those countries that are transitioning to democracy , " the official continued . "  We see this as a critical window of time for the United States to take some concrete action to demonstrate our commitment to their future and to again reinforce their democratic transition with support for a broader base of prosperity , " the official added . In particular , the senior administration officials focused on economic aid for Tunisia and Egypt intended to bolster the democratization and economic development efforts of two countries at the vanguard of political reform . Will there be aid for Arab Spring nations ? Obama will announce several programs intended to increase U.S. and international investment , create jobs and spur economic growth in the two countries , the officials said . The goal is for Tunisia and Egypt to serve as models for a region undergoing change , so that other countries have incentive to undertake similar reforms , according to the officials . Specific programs include relieving Egypt of up to $ 1 billion in debt over the next two to three years so the money can be invested by the Egyptian government in economic development plans , and providing $ 1 billion in loan guarantees to finance infrastructure development and job creation , the senior administration officials said . In addition , programs through international banking and funding organizations such as the World Bank , the African Development Bank , the International Monetary Fund and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development will be worth a few billion dollars , the officials said . "  One of the most important things we can do is empower positive models " in Egypt and Tunisia , one of the officials said . "  That will have a positive impact beyond their borders . " The United States also will work with international groups and allies to help Middle East-North African countries modernize and integrate trade policies , according to the senior administration officials . Currently , nations in the region of 400 million people export about the same amount of goods as Switzerland , a country of 8 million people , if oil is removed from the equation , said a White House background document on the speech . Obama 's speech comes in a week when the White House has focused on Middle East issues . He met Tuesday with Jordan 's King Abdullah II at the White House and will meet Friday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . After his talks with King Abdullah , Obama said it was "  more vital than ever that both Israelis and Palestinians find a way to get back to the table and begin negotiating a process whereby they can create ... two states that are living side by side in peace and security . " However , former Sen. George Mitchell unexpectedly submitted his resignation as the president 's Mideast envoy Friday , and deadly clashes broke out Sunday between pro-Palestinian protesters and Israeli forces . Ongoing Israeli settlement construction in the West Bank and Palestinian steps toward a unilateral declaration of statehood have driven the two sides further apart since Obama took office . They have also placed new obstacles in the path of the administration 's push for a mutually acceptable two-state solution . Arab Spring not good for Israel ? Additional doubts about the viability of the stalled peace process were raised this month in the wake of a formal reconciliation agreement between the two largest Palestinian factions : President Mahmoud Abbas ' party , the West Bank-based Fatah ; and the Islamist group Hamas , which rules Gaza . Both Israel and the United States consider Hamas a terrorist organization and have voiced strong opposition to the inclusion of the group in any unity government , demanding that it first renounce violence , recognize the state of Israel and abide by all previous agreements . Netanyahu has called on the Palestinian Authority to pull out of the deal , saying it jeopardizes prospects for a peace agreement . The Obama administration has "  made it clear that Hamas must stop its outrageous use of terrorism and must recognize Israel 's right to exist , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Tuesday . "  Any participation in a Palestinian government would require that it abides by those standards in our view . " In other engagement in the region , Obama helped push Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak from office in February and subsequently committed U.S. forces to a NATO air campaign in support of the rebel movement in Libya . The administration has repeatedly called for an end to strongman Moammar Gadhafi 's nearly 42-year rule . The White House has been much less vocal , however , in dealing with allies such as Bahrain , a small Persian Gulf state that is home to the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet . CNN 's Elise Labott , Alan Silverleib and Matt Smith contributed to this story .	President to outline U.S. policies in wake of the Arab Spring movements Obama will pledge economic development help for Egypt and Tunisia Many in the Middle East-North Africa region are skeptical of what the United States can do
CNN  -- Beset by war and sectarian violence , Iraq has not had a lot to laugh about in recent years . But a trio of old friends from Baghdad have sought to change that , by distilling the jokey banter of their late-night drinking sessions into a controversial talk show . Hosted by Yasser Sami and Walid Monam , and produced by their friend Ghazwan Al-Shawi , the show is called "  Akou Fad Wahad " -- "  There is this guy " -- the typical setup for one of their anecdotes . The aim behind the production , says Al-Shawi , "  was to make people smile . " "  We wanted to do anything to make miserable and sad people happy , " he said . But while it 's proved a hit with their predominantly male audience , not everyone appreciates their sense of humor . Sami describes the first episode , broadcast in the summer of 2011 , as "  very bold . " "  It got us into a lot of trouble because there was sexual and pornographic innuendos , so it was like a shock for all Iraqis , " he laughs . Since then , the show has routinely offended the conservative sectors of Iraqi society with its discussion of taboo topics including relationships and sex . A religious group staged a demonstration outside the show 's studio last year , and government censors complained about the content . Read more : Arab female film directors find acclaim Sami said a gang even turned up at his house , threatening him . "  I ca n't tell you  who  because this means I will give them another chance to come to me again , " he laughs . The jokes might not be considered particularly edgy to non-Iraqis -- or even necessarily that funny . A typical gag goes like this : "  A stoned guy bought two birds for his mother , one tweeting and the other silent . She asks , ` Son , why is it that only one of them that is tweeting ? ' ` Mother , the other one is the composer , ' he replied . " But although the humor may seem mild , Iraq is not yet ready for "  Akou Wad Fahad . " Sami says the team has had to modify their approach in order to continue broadcasting . "  We changed things in the show , " he said . "  We used to have a female DJ , but we were asked to remove her from the show , and we did . " Even in the new Iraq , said Monam , there are still many "  red lines " that can not be crossed in entertainment . "  Were it not for the limitations that are imposed on us , it would be a much better show . But we have to live with social taboos , " he said . Challenging this , he says , is "  impossible , " at least for now . But as frustrating as it might be , he and his friends are content to tone down their act , if it means bringing a smile to people 's faces .	A trio of old friends from Baghdad have started a controversial talk show It 's proved a hit with their predominantly male audience But not everyone appreciates the humor , which often involves sexual innuendo A religious group staged a demonstration outside the show 's studio last year
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- It was the middle of the night , Oscar Pistorius says , and he thought an intruder was in the house . Not wearing his prosthetic legs , feeling vulnerable in the pitch dark and too scared to turn on the lights , the track star pulled his 9mm pistol from beneath his bed , moved toward the bathroom and fired into the door . It was only after he called to girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp -- whom he thought had been in bed beside him after a quiet evening -- that he realized something horrible might have happened , he told Chief Magistrate Desmond Nair in a statement read by his lawyer during his bond hearing Tuesday . Prosecutors dispute the version of events that Pistorius detailed in his statement . Pistorius says he broke down the locked bathroom door -- at one point in the statement saying he kicked the door in , at another saying he used a cricket bat to break it down -- then scooped up the mortally wounded Steenkamp and carried her downstairs after for help . "  I tried to render the assistance to Reeva that I could , but she died in my arms , " he said in the statement . "  I am absolutely mortified by the events and the devastating loss of my beloved Reeva . " Pistorius ' affidavit in alleged murder of girlfriend While prosecutors and defense lawyers agree Pistorius shot Steenkamp , the track star denied intentionally killing her , in the statement read Tuesday . Prosecutors say they believe Pistorius put on his prosthetic legs , picked up his gun and walked to the bathroom where Steenkamp , 29 , had locked herself -- apparently after a heated argument -- and shot at her four times . Three of the bullets struck Steenkamp , who died soon after . Her funeral was Tuesday . Pistorius spent much of the hearing sobbing and heaving at the mention of his girlfriend 's name , at one point forcing Nair to stop the proceedings to ask him to compose himself . His family stood nearby , huddling during breaks and appearing to pray . During parts of the hearing , Pistorius ' brother placed his hand on the suspect 's back . During Tuesday 's hearing , Nair upgraded the charge against Pistorius to premeditated murder , saying he could not rule out the possibility that the track star planned Steenkamp 's death . But Nair said he will consider downgrading the charge later . The allegation of premeditation makes it more difficult for Pistorius ' attorneys to argue he should be released on bail pending trial . To win bail , the defense must argue that "  exceptional circumstances " exist that would justify Pistorius ' release . The session ended Tuesday afternoon with no decision on bail for Pistorius , 26 . Prosecutors said they needed time to study the affidavits read in court before deciding how to proceed . Opinion : What my son taught me about Pistorius In the statement read by his lawyer , Pistorius said he would not try to flee or influence any witnesses if he is allowed out on bail , and argued that his release would n't be a danger to public order . The hearing is scheduled to resume Wednesday morning . A tragic mistake ? In his statement , Pistorius said Steenkamp came over February 13 , opting for a quiet dinner in over a night out with friends . They wrapped up the night with a bit of television in bed for him , some yoga for her . She had brought him a Valentine 's Day present to open the next day . After the couple had gone to bed , he said he got up in the early hours of February 14 to close the balcony door in his bedroom when he heard a sound in the bathroom . Pistorius said he 'd been a victim of violence and burglary in the past , and realized with terror that contractors who worked at the house had left ladders outside . Fearing someone had entered the home through the open bathroom window , moving in the dark on the stumps of his amputated legs , Pistorius grabbed his pistol from under the bed and yelled at the intruder to get out . "  I fired shots at the toilet door and shouted to Reeva to phone the police . She did not respond and I moved backwards out of the bathroom , keeping my eye on the bathroom entrance , " Pistorius said in his statement . "  Everything was pitch-dark in the bedroom and I was still too scared to switch on a light . " "  When I reached the bed , I realized that Reeva was not in bed . That is when it dawned on me that it could have been Reeva who was in the toilet . I returned to the bathroom calling her name , " he said . He said he threw open the balcony door and screamed for help , put on his prosthetic legs and tried to kick in the door to the separate room inside the bathroom containing the toilet . Then , he said , he picked up a cricket bat , smashing panels out of the door before finding a key and unlocking it . "  Reeva was slumped over but alive , " he said . Pistorius said he called for help and was told to take her to the hospital himself . He carried her downstairs and tried to help but , but she died . "  I can not bear to think of the suffering I have caused her and her family , knowing how much she was loved , " he said . But he said he did not mean to kill her , and protested the charges against him . "  I fail to understand how I could be charged with murder , let alone premeditated murder because I had no intention to kill my girlfriend , " Pistorius said in the statement . "  We were deeply in love and could n't be happier , " he said . "  I loved her and I know she felt the same way . " A premeditated murder ? Prosecutors , however , painted a different picture . They rejected Pistorius ' claim that he mistook her for a burglar , saying it would make no sense for an intruder to hide behind a locked bathroom door . Instead , they say Pistorius armed himself , attached his prosthetic legs and walked 7 meters  23 feet  to shoot Steenkamp through a bathroom door after a heated argument . Defense attorney Barry Roux questioned the state 's argument , asking how prosecutors would know Pistorius had put on his prosthetic legs and walked to the bathroom before shooting his girlfriend . Police were alerted to the shooting by neighbors , and residents had "  heard things earlier , " police spokeswoman Denise Beukes said . Authorities said there had been "  previous incidents " at the home , including "  allegations of a domestic nature , " but did not provide details . Detectives are investigating the blood-stained cricket bat found in the home , Johannesburg 's City Press newspaper reported . They are trying to determine whether it was used to attack Steenkamp , if she used the bat in self-defense , or if Pistorius used it to try to break down the bathroom door , the newspaper said . Final farewells for Steenkamp As the drama in court unfolded , friends and family mourned Steenkamp at a private funeral in her hometown of Port Elizabeth . "  There 's a space missing inside all the people she knew that ca n't be filled again , " her brother Adam Steenkamp told reporters outside . Steenkamp was a law school graduate whose modeling career was on the rise . She landed the cover of FHM magazine and recently appeared on a reality TV show . On Sunday , South Africans heard Steenkamp 's voice one last time after her death , when the national broadcaster aired a pre-recorded episode of the show . The model talked about her exit from "  Tropika Island of Treasure , " on which local celebrities compete for prize money . "  I 'm going to miss you all so much and I love you very , very much , " she said , blowing a kiss to the camera . Case rivets fans The case of the global sports hero known as the "  Blade Runner " has riveted stunned fans around the world . As he walked into court in a blue shirt and gray suit , frenzied photographers snapped away , prompting the judge to demand they stop . The scene was a far cry from the packed stadiums that erupted in applause whenever the double-amputee competed against men with legs . On social media , sentiment appeared to mixed . "  Oscar Pistorius is telling us rubbish , " one Twitter user posted . But others were more supportive after hearing Pistorius ' story . "  I for some reason believe Pistorius after reading his affidavit !! , " another person tweeted . Robyn Curnow reported from South Africa ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse also contributed to this report .	Oscar Pistorius paints a detailed picture of his version of his girlfriend 's death "  I had no intention to kill my girlfriend , " he says in the statement "  We were deeply in love and could n't be happier , " he said Prosecutors dispute Pistorius ' version , say he meant to kill her
CNN  -- He only played for the last 14 minutes , but David Beckham typically was the center of attention as his eagerly awaited debut for Paris Saint Germain ended in a crucial victory for the French league leaders Sunday . PSG were leading third placed Marseille 1-0 in Le Classique at Parc des Princes when the former England captain came off the bench to a rapturous reception from the home supporters . Some neat early passes showed he has lost none of his ability and the best was reserved for the very last as in the first minute of injury time Beckham 's neat chip over the top led to the clinching second for PSG . It found fellow substitute Jeremy Menez , whose cross was bundled home by PSG 's star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic for his 24th of the season . It was all captured by a special ` Beck Cam ' which host broadcaster Canal Plus had deployed to follow every move of the 37-year-old football icon , such has been the level of interest since his transfer to France 's Ligue 1 from MLS side LA Galaxy . Beckham had spent much of a freezing evening in Paris , shivering on the bench , while in the stands his pop star wife Victoria and former French president Nicolas Sarkozy awaited his arrival on the pitch . His former Real Madrid teammate and Brazil World Cup star Ronaldo was also honored ahead of kick off . In the 76th minute , with PSG having to fight hard to hold a lead given to them by an early own goal from Marseille defender Nicolas N'Koulou , coach Carlo Ancelotti finally threw him into the fray to replace Argentina 's Javier Pastore . The match had been billed as a showdown between Beckham and fellow Englishman Joey Barton , who plays in midfield for Marseille . Barton , on loan from EPL side Queens Park Rangers , played the whole match and had some half chances to level while Beckham watched on . The timely victory left big-spending PSG three points clear at the top from Lyon , who had beaten Lorient earlier Sunday . Defeat left Marseille eight points adrift . Beckham , who has played for Manchester United , Real Madrid , AC Milan and LA Galaxy during his glittering career , has signed a contract with the Parisian giants until the end of the season . He has donated his reported 800,000-euro  $ 1 million  monthly salary to a local children 's charity . Meanwhile , AC Milan striker Mario Balotelli had a less fruitful evening in his first Milan derby match for three years . Balotelli , signed in the transfer window from Manchester City , missed a string of chances as his side were held 1-1 by his former side Inter , damaging their Serie A title hopes . Milan , boosted by their 2-0 midweek win over Barcelona in the Champions League , took a 21st minute lead through striker Stephan El Shaarawy . Balotelli had three clear chances to add to their lead in the San Siro before Inter midfielder Ezequiel Schelotto leveled in the 71st minute .	David Beckham makes debut for Paris Saint Germain Comes off the bench in crunch match against Marseille PSG win match 2-0 to strengthen grip on French title Inter Milan and AC Milan draw 1-1 in derby match
CNN  -- Sometimes a number can put a complicated truth in simple terms . Here 's one : 20 % . A child whose family budget is controlled by the mother is 20 % more likely to survive . Why ? Women know what 's best for their families . They make health care , nutritious food and education priorities . But most women in developing countries do n't control household budgets , and many also do n't control the circumstances of their own lives . If women everywhere had the power to determine their futures , the world would be forever transformed . This week I will attend the Women Deliver conference in Kuala Lumpur . I 'll be joined by more than 3,000 people who have dedicated their careers to empowering women and girls . The specifics of our work differ , but we 're all united by a single , powerful idea : Empowered women and girls will save lives , make families more prosperous and help the poorest countries in the world build stronger economies . Once you have a child , your career is over ? Absolutely not One key to empowerment -- and an issue that 's a personal priority for me -- is letting women decide when to have children . Right now , more than 200 million women around the world say they do n't want to have a child but are not using contraceptives . Some of these women will die from complications of pregnancy . Some will give birth to a child who dies . Many mothers who survive  and have children who survive  wo n't have the resources to feed or educate them . More : CNN 's ` Girl Rising ' Take , for example , a girl in Niger , where 75 % of girls are married before their 18th birthday . Of course , Niger is small and has the highest rate of child marriage in the world , but there are large countries  including Bangladesh , Ethiopia , India and Tanzania , with a total of 1.5 billion people  where more than 40 % of girls become brides . What happens to a child bride from one of these countries ? If she ca n't use contraceptives , she gets pregnant , leaves school and probably never goes back . If she continues having children one after the next -- "  one on the back and one in the belly , " as women have said to me -- her health will deteriorate , along with the health of her babies . By the time her children are school age , they are likely to be malnourished and stunted , so even if they go to school , they wo n't be ready to learn . Unfortunately , there 's a real probability that this very same cycle will start again . However , if these girls do n't get pregnant and are able to stay in school , everything changes . They will be healthier . Their children will be healthier . Because they finished their schooling , they will be able to earn more money . That money will stretch further , because they will be supporting a smaller family . Their children will be set up to lead a better life than they did , which is the goal of every parent I know . More : Christiane Amanpour 's open letter to girls of the world Last year , at the London Family Planning Summit , the world came together on a goal to reach 120 million more women and girls around the world with the family planning options they want for their families . Since then , almost two dozen countries have developed plans to make sure women have access to contraceptives . Family planning is just the start . Women who have the power to decide when to get pregnant also must have the power to vaccinate their children , feed them healthy food and pay their school fees . Each of these things is a link in a chain of good health and prosperity . Take agriculture . The vast majority of the world 's poorest people farm small plots of land to grow their food and earn an income . Women do the majority of the agricultural work across Africa and South Asia , but they do n't have equal access to information and farm supplies . As a result , plots of land worked by women generate lower yields than plots worked by men -- as much as 40 % lower . If women can get the right training , high-quality seeds and access to irrigation and fertilizer , they will be able to grow more and more nutritious food while producing a surplus they can sell for a profit . Those are resources they can convert into a better life for their children . Women Deliver is organized around the conviction that women and girls can start a virtuous cycle of development . They just need a little support to get it started . They need to be able to plan their pregnancies . They need to be able to grow enough food to support their families . Once these basics are in place , the only limit is women 's ambition for the future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melinda Gates .	Melinda Gates : In developing world most women do n't control home budgets , reproduction She says when they do , kids fare much better on health , education , prosperity . She says giving women power over reproduction , vaccination breaks cycle of mortality Gates : Proper training gives women edge in agriculture ; this converts to better life for family
CNN  -- Evangelist Oral Roberts , founder of the Oral Roberts Evangelistic Association and Oral Roberts University , died Tuesday from complications of pneumonia in Newport Beach , California , his spokeswoman said . He was 91 . Roberts ' son , Richard , and daughter Roberta were at his side , spokeswoman Melany Ethridge said in a statement . Roberts was hospitalized Monday following a fall on Saturday , in which he suffered broken bones , Ethridge said earlier , adding he was being treated for pneumonia . There will be a private interment , the statement said . Arrangements for a public memorial service in Tulsa , Oklahoma , are pending . "  Oral Roberts was a man of God , and a great friend in ministry , " the Rev. Billy Graham said in a statement Tuesday . "  I loved him as a brother . We had many quiet conversations over the years . " Granville Oral Roberts was born into poverty in Bebee , Oklahoma , on January 24 , 1918 , according to a brief biography released by Ethridge . His Christian ministry began with what he described as his own miracle healing of tuberculosis at age 17 . Roberts pastored churches in Oklahoma and Georgia and preached at revivals around the country while studying at Oklahoma Baptist University and Phillips University in Oklahoma , according to the biography . In 1947 , he founded the Oral Roberts Evangelistic Association in Tulsa , "  and began conducting crusades across America and around the world , attracting crowds of thousands -- many who were sick and dying and in search of healing , " the biography said . "  Through the years , he conducted more than 300 crusades on six continents " and "  laid hands " on an estimated 2 million people , according to association officials . In 1954 , he brought television cameras into services , providing what he liked to call a "  front-row seat to miracles " to viewers , the biography said . He later began a television program , initially called "  Oral Roberts Presents . " The ministry 's daily program , now called "  The Place for Miracles , " can be seen on more than 100 television stations , multiple cable and satellite networks and the Internet , Ethridge said . "  If God had not in his sovereign will raised up the ministry of Oral Roberts , the entire charismatic movement might not have occurred , " said Jack Hayford , president of the California-based International Church of the Foursquare Gospel , in the statement . "  Oral shook the landscape with the inescapable reality and practicality of Jesus ' whole ministry . His teaching and concepts were foundational to the renewal that swept through the whole church . " Roberts founded the Abundant Life Prayer Group in 1958 "  to address the around-the-clock needs of those suffering and requesting prayer , " according to the biography . Today , prayer partners at Abundant Life continue to receive calls 24 hours a day . The group has received more than 23 million phone calls for prayer , the biography said . Oral Roberts University was founded in 1963 , built on 500 acres in Tulsa and dedicated four years later by Graham , according to the biography . Graduate schools including medicine , nursing , dentistry , law , education and theology were later added . Roberts served as school president until 1993 but remained a chancellor until his death . He remained involved in his evangelistic association as much as his health allowed , Ethridge said Monday . His son , Richard Roberts , currently serves as president . In 1977 , Roberts said he had a vision of a 900-foot-tall Jesus , who told him to found the City of Faith Medical and Research Center . The biography said the center was aimed at "  merging the healing power of medicine and prayer . " In 1986 , Roberts announced that God would "  call him home " unless he raised $ 8 million to send medical missionaries from the center -- an announcement that was widely publicized . He wound up raising $ 9.1 million , but the center closed in 1989 . However , the biography said , it left "  a lasting impact on the understanding by many medical professionals of the importance of treating the whole person -- body , mind and spirit . " In addition , Roberts wrote more than 130 books , the biography said . "  His book ` The Miracle of Seed Faith ' has more than 8 million copies in circulation . This book 's key principles -- God is your source , sow your seed out of your need , and expect a miracle harvest -- formed a fundamental part of Roberts ' ministry and legacy , " the biography said . Before his death , Roberts said , "  After I 'm gone , others will have to judge how well I 've obeyed God 's command not to be an echo but to be a voice like Jesus , " the statement said . "  As far as my own conviction is concerned , I 've tried to be that voice with every fiber of my being , regardless of the cost . " Responding to news of Roberts ' death , Graham said Tuesday : "  Just three weeks ago , I was privileged to talk to Oral on the telephone . During the short conversation , he said to me that he was near the end of his life 's journey . I look forward to the day that I will see Oral and Evelyn Roberts again in heaven -- our eternal home . " Roberts wife , Evelyn , died in 2005 after the couple had been married more than 66 years . Roberts is survived by his son and daughter and their spouses , along with 12 grandchildren and several great-grandchildren , Ethridge said .	NEW : Roberts "  a man of God , and a great friend in ministry , " the Rev. Billy Graham says Oral Roberts died of complications from pneumonia , spokeswoman says He was hospitalized Monday , two days after a fall , spokeswoman says Founder of Oral Roberts University "  conducted more than 300 crusades , " biography says
Joplin , Missouri  CNN  -- The tornado that struck Joplin , Missouri , Sunday killed 124 people , authorities said Tuesday , in what was the deadliest single U.S. tornado since modern record-keeping began 61 years ago . An estimated 750 people have been treated at area hospitals , said Joplin City Manager Mark Rohr , who told residents of the tornado-ravaged town to be prepared in case a new wave of destructive storms strikes . A tornado warning was issued , then canceled , Tuesday night for Joplin . The storm involved likely will pass well north of the city , said forecasters . They predicted Joplin could still get hit by strong wind gusts of more than 70 miles per hour . On a brighter note , rescue workers pulled two more people alive from the rubble within the last 24 hours , Rohr said . Also Tuesday , forecasters raised their assessment of the Sunday storm , ranking it at the top of the scale used to rate tornadoes . The National Weather Service has determined the twister packed top winds of more than 200 mph , making it a 5 on the enhanced Fujita scale , said Bill Davis , the meteorologist who reviewed the damage . Davis said the tornado left "  about six miles of total destruction " in its wake . Examinations of some of the buildings destroyed or damaged convinced forecasters to raise the designation , he said . Roughly 8,000 structures within the city of Joplin were damaged , Rohr said , citing a Federal Emergency Management Agency report . A previous estimate had put the number of buildings damaged or destroyed at 2,000 . Among the dead in Joplin were 10 residents and a staff member at a nursing home , a company official said . Two other staffers at Greenbriar Nursing Home are in critical condition at a hospital , said the home 's vice president , Bill Mitchell . Of the other 79 residents of the home , all but one are accounted for , he said . Only rubble remains and survivors have been moved to temporary housing or are with family members . "  It just looks like a war zone , " said Eddie Atwood in a CNN iReport from the scene . From where he stood , Atwood said , "  You could see all the way to the horizon because all the houses and all the trees were just leveled . " "  I was walking down Main Street . Everything was so razed over , it was disorienting because some of the streets -- you could n't even tell where you were at . After living in Joplin all my life it was like living in the twilight zone . " Joplin is not in the clear yet as far as weather goes : The National Weather Service warned there is a chance of another tornado outbreak -- with the peak time ending at midnight Tuesday -- over a wide swath including parts of Texas , Oklahoma , Arkansas , Nebraska and Missouri . Already Tuesday evening , at least four people were killed and many more injured when a deadly string of tornadoes and thunderstorms cut through central Oklahoma , officials said . Joplin Police Chief Lane Roberts said the city was imposing a curfew Tuesday night in areas struck by the tornado to head off the threat of looting . "  The sole function is to reduce the opportunity for people to loot and steal , and we 're hoping the folks who live in that area will cooperate with us , " he said . President Barack Obama announced he will visit the region on Sunday . "  We are going to do absolutely everything we can to make sure they recover , " he said during a visit to London . Obama added that he will let people know "  the whole country is going to be behind them . " "  We are here for you . We 're going to stay by you , " Obama said . Richard Serino , the second-highest-ranking official at the Federal Emergency Management Agency , said Monday that Obama had issued a disaster declaration -- expediting the dispersal of federal resources to the area -- while vowing that "  we are going to be here for the long haul . " City Manager Rohr told reporters Tuesday that more than 40 agencies were on the ground in the southwest Missouri city , and two first responders were struck by lightning Monday as they braved relentless rain and high wind searching for survivors . "  One , fortunately , walked away from it ; the other one 's still in the hospital , last I heard , " Joplin Emergency Management Director Keith Stammer said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " About 1,500 people are still unaccounted for . But "  when we open up the area and start letting them come back in ... that number of unaccounted for will start to dwindle , " Stammer said . Many of those 1,500 have scattered because of tornado damage and communication problems . Joplin Fire Chief Mitch Randles said the second search and rescue effort basically follows the tornado 's path . "  We 're searching every structure that 's been damaged or destroyed in a more in-depth manner , " he said . "  The third search is going to be similar to that . And then the fourth search through will be with the search-and-rescue dogs . " Authorities encouraged people to use the website safeandwell.org , operated by the Red Cross , for updates on loved ones . Some residents said the tornado struck suddenly . "  It all happened so fast , " Rachael Neff said on CNN 's "  American Morning " Tuesday . "  It seemed like forever but it happened very fast . " "  We had a few minutes ' warning . I 've never taken any of the warnings seriously but something snapped in me and I put blankets and pillows in the bathroom . We were running to the bathroom . You could hear the home shaking , everything busting out . " Neff , her fiance , Zac Bronson , and her toddler prayed , screamed and survived . "  We 've had a tremendous support system . Our employers , friends and family have been more than helpful and we move on and rebuild . We just start another life . We started a new life , " Bronson said . By Monday night , officials found 17 people alive . But many , including Will Norton , remain missing . The 18-year-old was driving home from his high school graduation Sunday when the tornado destroyed the Hummer H3 he and his father were in . "  We were in a separate car . We were about 30 seconds in front of them , one block , " Norton 's sister , Sara , told CNN . "  My dad called and he said , ` Open the garage door . ' ... And then I just heard him say , ` Pull over , Will . Pull over . ' And then they started flipping . " "  My dad said -- when my dad gained consciousness , he said that he saw my brother -- his seat belt snapped and he was ejected through the sunroof , " she added . The family has been tracking a "  Help Find Will Norton " Facebook page and pursuing leads on his whereabouts . Norton 's aunt , Tracey , said the family received a tip that the teen was listed on a local hospital 's emergency room roster -- but she 's not sure where he is now . "  They transferred him , but we 're not sure where he was transferred , " the aunt said . "  When he was transferred , he was alive . We do n't know anything other than that . " The tornado that carved through the city of about 50,000 on Sunday is the deadliest to hit American soil since the National Weather Service began keeping records 61 years ago . The National Weather Service notes seven deadlier twisters , but says those took place "  before the years of comprehensive damage surveys , " so they may have been the result of multiple tornadoes . But the Weather Service does say that the Great Tri-State Tornado of 1925 , which tore across southeast Missouri , southern Illinois and southwest Indiana , killed 695 people -- "  a record for a single tornado . " A 1953 twister in Flint , Michigan , killed 116 people , according to the Weather Service . Last month , two fatal twisters struck Alabama . One hit Hackleburg and the town of Phil Campbell , killing 78 people , and another struck Tuscaloosa and Birmingham , killing 61 . With crews still sifting through rubble , the death toll could continue to climb . "  I think the more time that goes by , the more I feel sick about it , " Sarah Hale , a lifelong Joplin resident , said Tuesday . "  These people are cold and sick and stuck . As the days go on , and the death toll goes up , how many funerals are we going to go to ? " Joplin Mayor Mike Woolston said Monday night that his community has n't given up . "  We hope that there are people alive . We have a number of apartment buildings , complexes that are almost completely flattened . So we anticipate finding more people , and hopefully we 'll get there in time to find them alive , " he said . The tornado chewed through a densely populated area of the city , eliminating a high school and making a direct hit on one of the two hospitals in the city . Woolston pledged not to let the tornado ruin his city . "  This is just not the type of community that 's going to let a little F-4 tornado kick our ass . So we will rebuild , and we will recover . " CNN 's Chuck Johnston , Joe Sutton , Greg Botelho , Holly Yan , Marlena Baldacci , Mike Pearson , Jessica Jordan , Sean Morris and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : A tornado warning is issued , then canceled , for Joplin Roughly 8,000 structures sustained damage within the city 750 people were treated at hospitals , an estimated 1,500 people are still unaccounted for The Sunday tornado was an EF-5 storm with top winds of more than 200 mph
CNN  -- A Saudi court sentenced a female journalist Saturday to 60 lashes for her work on a controversial Arabic-language TV show that aired an episode in which a man bragged about his sex life , two sources told CNN . The court in Jeddah also imposed a two-year travel ban on Rosanna Al-Yami , according to a Saudi Information Ministry official , who could not be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . The ban prevents her from traveling outside Saudi Arabia . This official identified Al-Yami as a fixer , who helps journalists obtain stories , and a coordinator for Lebanese Broadcasting Corp. , the network that aired "  A Thick Red Line , " a popular show on social taboos . On one episode , a Saudi man , Mazen Abdul Jawad , bragged about sex and got into trouble with Saudi authorities for his boasts . Abdul Jawad was put on trial and sentenced to five years in prison and 1,000 lashes . Suleiman Al-Jumeii , the attorney who represents Abdul Jawad , also confirmed the sentence against Al-Yami , saying he believes she is the first Saudi journalist ever to be sentenced to lashes . While the charges include involvement in preparing the program , she was not involved in setting up the episode in which Abdul Jawad appeared , the lawyer said . Al-Jumeii does n't represent Al-Yami , but he said he is keeping tabs on all aspects of cases dealing with "  A Thick Red Line . " The lawyer is attempting to pursue an appeal for his client and get his case heard in a special court that deals only with media matters . CNN has attempted to get comments from Al-Yami and her attorney . Abdul Jawad , a 32-year-old airline employee and divorced father of four , spoke openly about his sexual escapades , his love of sex and losing his virginity at age 14 on "  A Thick Red Line . " That episode caused an uproar in deeply conservative Saudi Arabia , where Shariah , or Islamic law , is practiced . Premarital sex is illegal , and unrelated men and women are not permitted to mingle . Saudi authorities shut down the Lebanese network 's offices in Jeddah and Riyadh after the interview aired a few months ago . Abdul Jawad was arrested shortly after the program aired and charged with violating Saudi Arabia 's crime of publicizing vice .	Journalist Rosanna Al-Yami works for network that aired show on taboos Man 's sexual boasts on show led to five-year prison sentence Journalist was n't involved in setting up TV episode , lawyer says Saudi authorities shut down network 's offices in Jeddah and Riyadh after interview aired
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A group representing international companies in China has warned members that police in Beijing , Hebei and Shandong have required international firms to purchase Internet monitoring devices or risk having their connections cut . The Quality Brands Protection Committee  QBPC  , a group aimed at safeguarding intellectual property rights in China , sent an email to its 216 members late last month warning of the police visits , saying it "  would cause serious concerns from our members . " The emailed alert , copies of which were provided to CNN , raise particular concerns for international businesses operating in China because many companies often use private networks that allow employees to skirt China 's so-called "  Great Firewall " of censors . But , based on the QBPC alert , it appears firms in some areas are being asked to install a device within their private systems to track all internet activity -- and that information must be made available to police , looking for "  illegal activity . " "  It has come to our attention that three of our QBPC members reported that local police units in Beijing , Hebei and Shandong approached them , forcing two members to purchase Internet security software from the police designated suppliers , " wrote Ron Davis , chairman of the QBPC membership services committee , in the email obtained by CNN . "  Reportedly , if they failed to do so , the police threatened to cut off their Internet connection and fine them . " Another QBPC member company received a questionnaire from the local police unit asking about its Internet security measures , according to the QBPC email . "  Given that if the local PSB  public security bureau  initiative were carried forward , it would cause serious concerns from our members , we are attempting to determine if any of our other 200-plus member companies have faced this same situation or know other member companies who have , " Davis wrote . The email does n't detail which companies were targeted . The QBPC membership represents a broad swath of international firms with operations in China , including technology companies like Apple , Nokia and Emerson , consumer product makers such as Anheuser-Busch , Procter & Gamble and Colgate-Palmolive , and automotive companies Toyota , Audi and Volkswagen AG . Time Warner , the parent company of CNN , is also a member . Davis has confirmed that he sent the email obtained by CNN . A spokesperson for QBPC said , so far , the group has received 15 replies from its members . Three member companies were asked by police to install internet logging equipment and two reported police requests to inspect their internet security measures . The others reported no contact from police . QBPC would n't name the members who were approached . "  The three companies are in different industries , " the spokesperson said . "  Based on the members ' response , it seems the police visits are isolated incidents . " QBPC has reported the incidents to the Ministry of Commerce and "  had informal discussion with various departments of the MPS  Ministry of Public Security  . " Thomas Parenty , an information security specialist and former employee of the U.S. National Security Agency , said the devices could be used to spy on foreign companies and creates industrial espionage concerns . "  From an information security perspective , something like this in place in a company 's network could be used for exploratory attacks into the network itself , " Parenty said . "  It 's a Trojan horse that fits in a computer rack . "  If you 're concerned about IP  intellectual property  , you might as well roll up your tents because it 's essentially game over , " Parenty said . Copies of Shandong province police orders provided to CNN require companies to purchase the equipment from one of two equipment providers , Netbox Info-Tech and Shanghai Pronetway . Shanghai Pronetway could not be reached for comment . When CNN called Netbox 's sales center in Jinan , the capital of Shandong province , a man who identified himself as Zhao -- but declined to give his full name or position -- said the company is cooperating with the Shandong Public Security Bureau and providing devices to cities around the province . Zhao said many Chinese companies have received police notifications and have purchased the equipment , including a number of foreign joint venture companies , but he declined to name them . The Shandong order notes that businesses "  are often used to disseminate pornography and superstitious information , online fraud and gambling , or used by hackers to jeopardize national security and people 's interests . " Companies reached by police "  must install the Internet Security Censor Managing System , and connect with the Public Security Bureau 's server and make sure all the data collected is uploaded accurately to PSB 's system so the PSB will be able to prevent and control the illegal information , " the order says . International companies are n't the only ones in the spotlight . The Beijing police order includes government offices , clubs , hotels and company offices . CNN surveyed Chinese companies in a neighborhood surrounding Tianhua Road Police Station in Beijing , one of the stations that issued the Internet surveillance order . Staff members at the Beijing Jin Jiang Fu Yuan Hotel told CNN that they were told by police to purchase Internet monitoring equipment . An owner of a photo studio in the area said in June she was asked to attend a police meeting on Internet security , but was not asked to purchase surveillance equipment . Shandong and Beijing police did n't respond to interview requests . Police in Heibei and Changsha , which have issued similar orders , also did n't respond to CNN interview requests . CNN also contacted China 's Minister of Public Security , which oversees local police departments nationwide and has a role in internet security . They said they had received faxed questions from CNN and would look into it . Word of the Internet monitoring order comes as China prepares for its 18th National Congress of the Communist Party , scheduled in the latter half of this year . Beijing will select its new party leadership to guide the nation forward . The country has seen public security officials step up moves against dissent ahead of the congress , such as the summer crackdown on illegal expatriates living in Beijing , closure of web sites and the suspension of China 's major microblogging sites for several days earlier this year . The sites closed were "  punished for allowing rumors to spread " of a coup attempt in Beijing , state-run media reported at the time . The rumors spread after the shocking March dismissal of Communist Party politburo member and Chongqing party chief Bo Xilai . His wife , Gu Kailai , was found guilty of murdering a British businessman and received a suspended death sentence on Monday , though she 'll likely be jailed for life . Three years ago , international businesses and Chinese netizens led a successful fight to stop content filtering software "  Green Dam Youth Escort " from being required on all computers sold in China . International chambers of commerce and other trade groups decried the filtering plan , which was marketed as a means to protect young online users from pornography , but criticized for leaving businesses vulnerable to cyber attacks . In 2000 , the government stepped back from laws restricting importation of encryption software that would have banned Web browsers such as Microsoft Explorer , which include encryption functions . In 2004 , the government backed down on developing its own wireless Internet standard when Intel threatened to ban sale of its chips in China as a result . CNN 's CY Xu contributed to this report	Group : Chinese police have required some foreign firms to install Internet monitoring devices Companies in Beijing , Hebei and Shandong risk having their internet cut if they do n't comply Would allow police to monitor company internet traffic for ` illegal activity ' Analyst : Device could be used to spy on foreign companies for industrial espionage
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama called Thursday for high-level talks with Republicans to work out a compromise on health care legislation , then putting the resulting bill to a vote in Congress . "  If Congress decides we 're not going to do it , even after all the facts are laid out , after all the options are clear , then the American people can make a judgment as to whether this Congress has done the right thing for them or not , " Obama said . "  That 's how democracy works . " Obama 's comments were the first clear signal from the White House or Democrats in Congress on how they would proceed on a top legislative priority after losing their 60-seat super-majority in the Senate . Republican Scott Brown was sworn in as the new U.S. senator from Massachusetts earlier Thursday , leaving the Democrats one vote shy of being able to overcome GOP filibusters of health care reform and other major initiatives . Asked at a party fund-raising event about the Democratic strategy for health care reform going forward , Obama said Democratic leaders in the House and Senate were working out differences in the separate health care bills passed by each chamber last year . Once that was finished , Obama said , the next step would be "  to call on our Republican friends to present their ideas . " "  What I 'd like to do is to have a meeting whereby I 'm sitting with the Republicans , sitting with the Democrats , sitting with health care experts , and let 's just go through these bills -- their ideas , our ideas -- and walk through them and in a methodical way so that the American people can see and compare , " Obama said . "  And then I think we 've got to go ahead and move forward on a vote , " he added . "  We 've got to move forward on a vote . " A White House official acknowledged later Thursday that this was new language from Obama to offer a possible scenario for health care talks to move forward . However , the official stressed it was "  not a new strategy " for the White House to coalesce behind , and aides were still mulling various options to complete action on health care legislation . Democrat leaders in Congress have struggled to come up with a consensus strategy since the party lost its super-majority in the Senate . Republicans have unanimously opposed the health care bills so far , meaning Democrats would be unable to pass a bill through the Senate because of a certain GOP filibuster . Brown , now the 41st Republican senator to give the GOP its unstoppable filibuster ability , said Thursday after his swearing-in that Congress should start over on the health care issue instead of continuing to work on existing proposals . Republicans complain the comprehensive Democratic health care bills would lead to a government takeover of health care . They call for smaller steps focused on individual issues , such as limiting medical malpractice lawsuits . Democrats , however , say that spiraling health care costs that threaten the nation 's future economic stability can only be addressed through comprehensive reform . Obama said Thursday the Democratic bill that will emerge from the House-Senate talks on joining their two proposals would expand coverage to at least 30 million Americans who lack health insurance while reducing long-term health care costs . The measure would include an insurance exchange to allow people and small business owners to pool together to purchase coverage , Obama said , but he made no mention of a government-run public health insurance option that Republicans have rallied against . Obama said the Democratic bill would include reforms that prevent insurance companies from denying coverage for pre-existing medical conditions or capping lifetime benefits . "  And by the way , all of it is paid for , " Obama said . "  Not only is it deficit-neutral , but the Congressional Budget Office , which is the bipartisan office that is the scorekeeper for much things cost in Congress , says it is going to reduce the costs by $ 1 trillion . " Obama called health care reform the "  single best way to bring down our deficits , " adding "  nobody has disputed that . " "  Nobody can dispute the fact that if we do n't tackle surging health care costs , then we ca n't control our budget , " he said . While Democrats from both chambers have been working together to merge their two bills , alternative strategies also have been discussed . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said this week that the chamber would vote next week on one provision of its health care bill , which would drop the current anti-trust exemption for the insurance industry that allows practices such as market allocation . The Senate bill would maintain the anti-trust exemption , so it was unclear whether the House 's limited first step would win approval there . However , Democratic aides have said that House Democrats want to keep momentum on health care going in coming weeks . CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this story .	Obama : Democratic leaders in House , Senate working out differences in two bills After that , president wants Republicans to present their ideas It 's first clear signal from Democrats how they want to proceed after Senate seat loss Sen. Scott Brown of Massachusetts gives GOP 41 senators , enough to filibuster Senate bill
Sid Caesar , whose clever , anarchic comedy on such programs as "  Your Show of Shows " and "  Caesar 's Hour " helped define the 1950s "  Golden Age of Television , " has died . He was 91 . A friend of the family , actor Rudy De Luca , did not know the exact cause of death , but said Caesar had respiratory problems and other health problems for several years . Caesar became famous for "  Your Show of Shows , " which went on the air in 1950 . It lasted four years and was followed by "  Caesar 's Hour , " which combined sketches , musical revues and situation comedy . Both shows featured writers who became famous in their own right , including Neil Simon , Carl Reiner , Mel Brooks , Mel Tolkin , Lucille Kallen and Larry Gelbart . Woody Allen also contributed to Caesar 's comedy as a writer for one of his specials . Brooks visited Caesar last night to say goodbye , De Luca told CNN . "  Sid Caesar was a giant-maybe the best comedian who ever practiced the trade & I was privileged to be one of his writers & one of his friends , " Brooks tweeted Wednesday . Share your memories of Caesar Caesar also appeared in a number of films , including "  It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World "  1963  , "  Airport 1975 "  1974  and "  Grease "  1978  . He received a Tony nomination for his performance in the 1962 show "  Little Me , " with a book by Simon . Caesar , born Isaac Sidney Caesar in 1922 , was part of a pioneering group of personalities who helped establish television in its early days . However , while comedians such as Jack Benny and Fred Allen more or less transferred their radio shows to the new medium and Milton Berle 's "  Texaco Star Theater " was essentially vaudeville on the small screen , Caesar 's "  Show of Shows " presented movie parodies , wordless pantomimes and brisk routines between the host and co-star Imogene Coca . "  Sid Caesar was a giant . If it were n't for Sid Caesar there might not be television as we know it . He and his co-stars and writers revolutionized television comedy , and really comedy in general , " said biographer Eddy Friedfeld , a close friend of Caesar . It was comedy pitched at a high  or , just as often , low  level -- and it was done live , every Saturday night at 9 . The versatile Caesar was game for whatever the writers came up with . "  Caesar could take on many roles , " wrote Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh in the reference "  The Complete Directory to Prime-Time Network and Cable TV Shows , " calling him a "  comic genius . " "  He was the double-talking foreigner  he was a master of dialects  , the henpecked husband or the greasy-haired cad . " The words and comedy of Sid Caesar Among the regular routines were a skit with Coca , "  The Hickenloopers , " and Caesar as a gibberish-singing opera singer . Reiner and Howard Morris -- later Ernest T. Bass on "  The Andy Griffith Show " -- were frequent supporting players . "  We 've lost the greatest , monologist , pantomimic , sketch comedian TV has ever known ! Word GENIUS is oft misused but not so here . HAIL CAESAR , " tweeted Reiner . The high-pressure hijinks of the writers ' room inspired a number of other works , including "  The Dick Van Dyke Show , " created by Reiner ; the 1982 film "  My Favorite Year , " produced by Brooks ; and the 1993 play "  Laughter on the 23rd Floor , " by Simon . "  When we came in , we did n't have the slightest idea of what we were going to do . We christened the beginning of the week ` Bloody Monday ' because we walked into the room with no material . We had three days to pitch lines and ideas and create six complete sketches , " Caesar recalled in a 2011 interview . The high pressure also led to a drinking and drug problem for Caesar . It took him years to kick the habit , until finally he went blank one day while performing on stage in 1977 . He checked into a hospital soon after and got clean . "  I could n't stand me , " he said in 2011 . "  That 's why I drank and took pills . I could n't stand to be around me . " "  Your Show of Shows " lasted just four years , but its impact was such that a best-of selection was turned into a 1973 movie , "  Ten From Your Show of Shows . " Caesar followed "  Your Show of Shows " with "  Caesar 's Hour , " which included Reiner and Morris but not Coca . Among the show 's recurring sketches was one in which the trio played "  The Three Haircuts , " a rock 'n' roll group . Other regulars on "  Caesar 's Hour " included Nanette Fabray and Bea Arthur . "  Caesar 's Hour " left the air in 1957 . In the following decades , Caesar appeared in a handful of films , most notably the comic extravaganza "  It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World , " in which he played dentist Melville Crump . He did a number of his own stunt gags and hurt his back in the process . He appeared in films by his former writer Brooks , including 1976 's "  Silent Movie " and 1981 's "  History of the World Part I , " and popped up in films such as "  Grease " and "  Grease 2 "  as Coach Calhoun  and "  Cannonball Run II . " He hosted "  Saturday Night Live " in 1983 and was named an honorary member of the "  Not Ready for Prime Time Players " at the conclusion of the show -- the only non - "  SNL " cast member to earn the tribute . Among his honors were two Emmys , a lifetime achievement award from the Television Critics Association and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . He was married to Florence Levy for 67 years until her death in 2010 . The couple had three children . Asked by the Archive of American Television how he 'd like to be remembered , he responded with six words . "  I brought laughter to the world , " he said . People we 've lost in 2014	He was known for "  Your Show of Shows " and "  Caesar 's Hour " Movie credits include "  It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World , " "  Airport 1975 , " "  Grease " He was part of a pioneering group of personalities who helped establish television The funnyman also had a successful personal life , married for 67 years
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Ann Rutherford , who played Scarlett O'Hara 's little sister Carreen in the 1939 classic movie "  Gone with the Wind , " has died at age 94 , a close friend said Tuesday . She suffered heart problems and was hospitalized three months ago following a collapse , friend Anne Jeffreys told CNN . After struggling with deteriorating health , Rutherford died at her home in Beverley Hills , California , on Monday , Jeffreys said . "  Annie was a wonderful person , very philanthropic , and always trying to do something for somebody . A very funny lady , she said very funny things . She was one of a kind , " said Jeffreys , who was with Rutherford when she died . Catching the ` Wind ' in Atlanta Born in 1917 in Vancouver , Canada , Rutherford got off to an early start in show business . She made her stage debut in 1925 and appeared on screen for the first time in 1935 , according to a biography posted on IMDb.com . She came from a family of performers -- her father , John Rutherford , was a former Metropolitan Opera singer and her mother , Lillian Mansfield , was an actress , it says . Aside from her role as Carreen O'Hara , she won considerable fame playing the character Polly Benedict alongside Mickey Rooney in the "  Andy Hardy " film series in the 1930s and early 1940s , the website says . After leaving the MGM studio , Rutherford played Gertrude Griswold in "  The Secret Life of Walter Mitty " and Donna Elena in "  The New Adventures of Don Juan , " and then appeared in a number of television shows . She retired after her last movie role in 1976 , the IMDb website says . But it is for her role in David Selznick 's Civil War epic "  Gone With the Wind " that perhaps most people will remember Rutherford . Actress who played Bonnie Blue Butler in ` GWTW ' dies at 76 She maintained a connection with the film in the decades that followed its release and appeared up until last year at events hosted by the "  Gone With the Wind " Museum in Marietta , Georgia . "  In her last years here , ` Gone With the Wind ' really kept her going , " Jeffreys said . "  She received thousands of fan letters for ` Gone With the Wind . ' And she donated things -- a script that she had gotten , a tea set that they used in the film , a necklace , things like that . ... It really was wonderful for the last part of her life , because she was in great demand . " Rutherford is survived by a daughter , Gloria May , who lives in San Francisco , and two grandsons , Jeffreys said . At 75 , ` Gone with the Wind ' still attracts fans , cash and controversy CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Ann Rutherford played Carreen O'Hara in "  Gone With the Wind " The daughter of two performers , she entered show business at an early age Rutherford also won over many fans with her role in the "  Andy Hardy " series "  She was one of a kind , " says close friend Anne Jeffreys
Cynthia Scudo is a portrait of an all-American mom of eight and grandmother of 18 who survived an extraordinary journey lasting a decade : She became addicted to prescription painkillers and then to heroin . You 'd never guess it . Trim , petite , with a bob and easy smile , Scudo had enough energy to work full-time and preside over a large family in Denver . She had it all -- until it crumbled . Her dark secret about a taboo drug is not as isolated as it seems , especially with the revelations of public figures whose early deaths involved heroin , such as actor Philip Seymour Hoffman , who overdosed on a cocktail of legal and illegal drugs . Prescription drug abuse is now a health epidemic in America , worse than crack in the 1980s , and Scudo 's story is one example . Her addiction to a handful of prescription drugs , with OxyContin as first and foremost , led to heroin because it gave her the same high at a cheaper price . Both are opiates . "  In the beginning , it was a feel-good , " said Scudo , 55 . "  At the end , it was black . " Scudo did n't shoot heroin . Rather , she smoked it using a straw , tinfoil and a lighter to inhale a smaller than pea-sized pinch of "  black tar " heroin . She exhaled the smoke through a fan vent in the basement bathroom of her home , sometimes at 2 a.m. , so her children would n't smell anything . "  There 's such a stigma about heroin , that it 's dirty and it 's IV users under the bridge and homeless people , and that is so not the case , " Scudo said . "  Heroin crosses all borders , all socioeconomic groups . " Scudo 's addiction was far from unique . The path from prescription drugs to heroin is well traveled , according to Dr. Patrick Fehling , a psychiatrist at the University of Colorado Hospital 's Center for Dependency , Addiction and Rehabilitation . "  That is very common . I have a lot of patients that ask me , ` Are prescription opioid painkillers gateway drugs towards heroin ? ' " Fehling said . "  Absolutely . " Scudo 's drug use , while extreme , should n't obscure one reality : "  Prescription drug abuse is a massive problem in the United States , " Fehling said . How it began For Scudo , her addiction began -- as they all do -- innocently enough . She sought relief from hip pain , possibly caused by scarring from cesarean sections she had delivering several of her children . Her then-husband recommended a physician . "  There was no physical therapy offered , " she said of the doctor 's visit . "  The first reaction was , let 's give you some drugs . " He put her on OxyContin . By the second week , she was physically addicted . She was popping so much of the painkiller and other drugs such as anti-anxiety Valium that they equated to a dosage for three men . A second doctor reduced her prescription , causing Scudo to experience withdrawal symptoms , or become "  dope-sick . " "  When you start withdrawing from opiates , it focuses in your lower back and your legs , and it is like somebody has clamped a vice on both sides of your hips and is just smashing you . Hitting my back with a baseball bat would have been more comfortable , " Scudo said . She was desperate for more OxyContin . "  Some people are not addicts and can take drugs as prescribed , " she explained . "  But for the few people who are addicts , it 's a whole different ball game . " To feed her cravings , Scudo leveraged her maternal authority : She found drug dealers who were friends of her eldest children . "  When you have eight children , " she said , "  you 're bound to know people . " It was so easy . But it was also so expensive . One OxyContin pill cost $ 80 on the street . "  One OxyContin would n't last me at all , " she said . "  I could never take just one OxyContin . That would n't even keep the dope-sick away . " So she turned to heroin . Why ? Her fear of withdrawal was greater than her fear of the drug . Living fearlessly Like OxyContin , heroin was abundant on the street . In Denver . In the suburbs . Once you bought from one dealer , several more approached you , she said . She bought seven balloons -- or seven grams -- of heroin for $ 100 , she said . That kept her high for up to three days . "  I would do some crazy stuff to get drugs , " she said . "  Like 2 o'clock in the morning , I 'm making a run to downtown Denver . Like picking up my grandkids in the car  to go to a drug deal  , praying that I was not going to get busted . " No risk was too great . Never did she think of what she had to lose . "  Not once , " she explained . "  That 's the addict in me . " After almost 10 years of heroin addiction , she wondered how much her family knew . Her children stopped bringing the grandchildren to visit her . She pawned family heirlooms . Her second marriage failed , and she stole from her ex-husband . "  I know they knew that I was struggling , but they did n't know how to help . I 'm sure that they were scared to death for me , " she said , "  and the sad part is ... I did n't care . " She fooled herself . After all , she was good at lying . Her job was going well . The bosses promoted her a few times . Everything was manageable , except when she got home from work at 4 p.m. and was in bed for the night at 4:30 p.m. "  I did n't want to think . I did n't want to feel . Actually I did n't care if I lived or died , " she said . The only person she could n't fool was her alcoholic mom in recovery , who noticed Scudo 's weight loss and asked her , "  Are you ready for help ? " Scudo responded with an "  I got this , mom , I got it . " I went from heroin addict to PTA mom What the mirror told her The breaking point came one morning after taking a shower . Scudo looked at herself in a full-length mirror , naked , for the first time in six months . "  I looked like an Auschwitz survivor , " she said . "  I was a skeleton . I had this lovely green glow going , so I knew my liver was shutting down . The skin was hanging , literally hanging off my body . "  And something about that moment when I saw myself triggered something in my head , " she said . The next day , her ex-husband called her at work in a confrontation about a problem . Scudo had enough . She wanted to drive her car off the highest overhang on Interstate 70 , but feared she would n't die immediately and would end up in pain . She went home , kissed the two children still living with her , went to the bedroom and cried . She closed the door . She found eight OxyContin pills , but that was n't going to be enough to kill her . She was used to downing six at a time , crushed . She fell asleep and took a sick day from work the next morning . How heroin kills you Hitting bottom Her mother knocked on her door at 10 a.m. . Her son-in-law , who worked at the same company as Scudo , told her that Scudo took a sick day . "  Have you damn well had enough ? " her mother asked her . "  And for some reason , ` yes ' came out of my mouth , " Scudo said . They checked her into a 30-day inpatient program for addiction on April 19 , 2011 , the last day she took drugs . That meant her first day without dope was , ironically , also the unofficial , international get-high day of April 20 , she noted . Her detoxification was "  six days of hell , " she said . "  I lost 9 pounds in six days , " she recounted . "  I threw up every 15 minutes . I would have to live in the shower with the water temperature of 120 degrees to burn the skin to not feel the pain in my back . " She 's been clean for three years now , she said . She 's on her third marriage . She 's changed jobs , becoming an office manager over 200 employees at a credit card company . And she no longer wants to die . "  I am not ashamed of the fact that I am who I am . The only way that I will not make this is if I start keeping secrets from myself and other people and then my head gets to start playing games with me and telling me it has a good idea , " Scudo said . "  And I have got way too much to live for to go back . " She now hosts a monthly family dinner -- for 45 people in her little green house . And the grandchildren visit again the once-lost matriarch . New abuse-deterrent painkiller approved FDA aims to tighten control of hydrocodone FDA fights drug overdoses with new labels for prescription painkillers DEA turns to texting to fight prescription drug abuse	Cynthia had it all -- a career and a family of 8 children and 18 grandchildren She abused prescription painkillers and then used heroin because it was cheaper Prescription opiate abuse can be a gateway drug to heroin , doctor says "  Prescription drug abuse is a massive problem in the United States , " doctor adds
CNN  -- Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir , wanted for crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court , arrived in Libya Saturday to visit with the country 's post-Gadhafi leaders . Libya 's National Transitional Council will use the one-day visit by al-Bashir to discuss "  unsettled matters " between the two countries , NTC member Mohammed al-Sayeh told CNN . During the uprising in Libya , Moammar Gadhafi hired mercenaries who came from the Darfur area in Sudan to the Libyan border , al-Sayeh said . As the conflict tilted in favor of the rebels , al-Bashir tried to stop mercenaries from coming through and gave the Libyan rebels some guns and tanks , he said . There is also the issue of illegal immigration from Sudan into Libya through the country 's southern border , al-Sayeh said . "  We had a lot of unsettled matters that we had to discuss with President Bashir , " he said . Libyan authorities , however , have no intention of handing al-Bashir over to the International Criminal Court , where he is wanted for crimes committed in Darfur . Gadhafi , who the Libyan rebels killed after capturing , was also wanted by the ICC . The new Libyan authorities said they are willing to work with the ICC on cases involving Libyans . Richard Dicker , Human Rights Watch 's director of the international justice program , said by not turning over al-Bashir to the court , it breaks the spirit of cooperation with the ICC . "  Welcoming to their capital a head of state accused of genocide , crimes against humanity , and war crimes is deeply disturbing in what it suggests about the new Libyan authorities ' commitment to human rights and the rule of law , " Dicker said . CNN 's Jack Maddox and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : Rights group official criticizes Sudanese leader 's visit Omar Al-Bashir arrived in Libya Saturday morning The Libyans will not turn him over to the International Criminal Court He will discuss a number of issues with the Libyan government
CNN  -- The powerful winter storm that moved across the United States this week , dropping record-breaking snow and spinning dangerous tornadoes on Christmas , is n't over yet . It dumped more snow on the Northeast on Thursday and left behind bitterly cold weather , especially in the South . While the Northeast is used to dealing with heavy snow in late December , some parts of the country have n't seen this kind of weather in decades . Canadians were preparing for the white stuff , too . "  If you are in Atlantic Canada ... you are just getting going . If you are in New York City the cold air is coming down the Hudson  River  , " CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . "  If you are off to the east , you 're still going to get snow in Maine on up into New Brunswick . And that snow could be heavy at times . We 're talking about another foot in some spots . " Send us your photos and video of ice , snow , storms and sleet . Residents of Little Rock , Arkansas , awoke to a frosty 20-degree morning after Tuesday 's record-breaking 9 inches of snow -- the highest Christmas snowfall in 86 years . To navigate the treacherous roads , the Arkansas National Guard deployed four-wheel-drive ambulances to help those needing medical attention in the state 's hardest-hit counties . More than 134,000 customers were without power Thursday . The heavy snow and ice overwhelmed trees across Arkansas , where forests cover half the land . "  It was very quiet and still outside , except for the crashing of trees in the nearby forest as they succumbed to the weight of a quarter-inch of ice and 10 inches of snow , " said Lanny Sutton , who lives in Cabot , outside Little Rock . "  The snow is beginning to melt . It 's coming off the trees now . We have three trees in the yard with at least two or three limbs broken off each one . " Since it swept across the country this week , the storm has killed 10 people , including two children in Arkansas and an 81-year-old Alabama man . He died Thursday of injuries he suffered when a tree fell on his house in Georgiana on Christmas , an official with the Alabama Emergency Management Agency said . A 42-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman in Evansville , Indiana , died Wednesday after wrecking the scooter they were on and being hit by a truck , Police Sgt. Karen Kajmowicz said . In Pennsylvania , a motorist who stepped out of his car and was apparently going to the aid of a stranded drive was stuck and killed by another vehicle on Interstate 78 in Lehigh County , authorities said . As the storm moves across the Northeast , it will deliver plenty of snow in northern New England through Friday , including upstate New York , Vermont , New Hampshire and Maine . As much as 2 feet of snow is possible in central Maine , leading to hazardous roads , forecasters said . In addition , "  Strong winds will cause blowing snow to create potentially even taller snowdrifts , " Schneider said . "  Travelers across New England need to pay close attention to changing weather conditions and low visibility . " Caleb Clark , a CNN iReporter in Brattleboro in southern Vermont , called it a ` classic snowstorm . ' " "  It is  a nice and fluffy New England snow , not too dangerous and you could walk around without mittens , " he said . Clark measured 6 inches of snow -- with more falling -- on top of his car just after 1 p.m. . The storm left thousands of passengers stranded after flight cancellations . On Thursday , more than 700 flights were scrubbed , according to the flight-tracking website FlightAware.com . The site , which does n't distinguish between flights canceled for weather and those called off because of mechanical reasons , said airlines canceled more than 1,700 flights Wednesday . Greyhound nixed six routes in the Northeast because of Thursday 's snow . Winter storm strands travelers Here 's the damage that the winter storm has brought so far : Traffic nightmares The storm triggered multivehicle pileups and other traffic nightmares across in the Midwest . In Ohio , nursing student Carrie Winger saw the aftermath of a fatal wreck in Cincinnati on Wednesday , which left one woman dead . She said she shared a photo of the crash site with CNN iReport to warn other drivers to slow down . "  We saw folks driving too fast and too close repeatedly the entire trip today , " Winger said . "  As soon as we passed this , people were speeding again . They apparently did not realize they had just passed a very immediate and very close encounter of a fatality . It could have been them . " Even drivers in the Northeast had a tough time navigating the icy conditions . Jim DeMarino said a normally four-hour drive from Pittsburgh to northern Virginia took eight hours Wednesday , the day after Christmas . DeMarino , who lives in Alexandria , Virginia , submitted photos of what he called a "  tricky drive " along highways that were "  scattered with abandoned , crashed and disabled vehicles . " Tornadoes in Alabama , Mississippi The same weather system that dumped heavy snow in the Midwest and Northeast spawned as many as 30 tornadoes on Christmas -- some with wind speeds over 100 mph -- across the Southeast . Several of Tuesday 's powerful twisters struck Alabama . In Mobile County , David Saraceno spotted something ominous as he sped down Interstate 165 on Tuesday . He was traveling with his wife and 1-year-old daughter to visit family when he saw a tornado on the side of the road . His wife videotaped it . "  It looked like it was about two miles away from us , " Saraceno said . "  I put the pedal to the floor to try and get out of harm 's way , but it seemed to be getting closer and closer . " Panicked , Saraceno got off the interstate near the town of Chickasaw , drove in a different direction and then turned around to go home . "  We drove right back into a path of destruction , " he said . "  It appeared that the tornado turned and came over the interstate about three minutes away from where we would have been if I did not get off the interstate . We saw a roof that must have blown off a house . Cars were pulled to the side of the road . There was a lady whose windows were shattered . It was too close for comfort . " Winter wonderland in Dallas For others , the winter storm system brought a rare white Christmas . In Dallas , some residents had to change from short sleeves to winter coats Tuesday , as temperatures plummeted from the 60s to the low 20s in one day . "  We knew it was going to be a white Christmas in Dallas this year as per the weather advisory , but were not aware it will turn out to be so beautiful and freezing cold , " Shail Bhatt said . It 's not often that Dallas gets more snow than Chicago , but that 's what happened this week . "  Sometimes we wear shorts on Christmas in Texas , " said Chris Purcell , who told CNN there 's still plenty of snow on the ground . "  We built a snowman and went  sledding  and had a snowball fight ... all the basics . " CNN 's Daphne Sashin contributed to this report .	NEW : Weather responsible for 10 deaths , authorities say NEW : Some areas might see another foot of snow Storm has left thousands of passengers stranded after flight cancellations It also triggered multicar pileups and other traffic nightmares across Midwest
CNN  -- The lawyer representing two Palestinian prisoners entering the 70th day of a hunger strike said his clients were nearing death and accused an Israeli high court of procrastination in delivering a ruling that could save their lives . "  Their medical condition has gone from very bad to extremely worse , " Jamil al-Khatib said of clients Bilal Diab , 27 , and Tha'er Halahlah , 33 , "  I believe what the court is doing here is trying to break the will of both prisoners so they will back down in their hunger strike . " Palestinians protest detention policy Diab and Thaer are among the estimated 1,600 to 2,000 Palestinians detained in Israeli prisons staging a mass hunger strike to protest prison conditions and the practice of administrative detention , a controversial Israeli military practice that allows authorities to detain people indefinitely . The process also allows for detention based on secret evidence , and there is no requirement to charge the detainees or to allow them to stand trial . Diab and Halahlah , members of the Gaza-based militant group Islamic Jihad , have been in custody for nine months and 22 months , respectively , under administrative detention . An Israeli foreign ministry spokesman , Yigal Palmor , told CNN that both men "  were arrested for their direct involvement in promoting terror " and suggested that administrative detention constituted "  the only available means to thwart the danger " the men posed to Israel . Looking pale and weak , both men appeared in wheelchairs before the Israeli high court Thursday while their lawyers petitioned the judges that they be released , arguing that their continued detention was illegal and that their deteriorating medical conditions should be taken into consideration . The court was expected to rule on the matter Sunday , but no decision was forthcoming . Amany Daify , a project coordinator for Physicians for Human Rights , an Israeli group advocating on behalf of the hunger striking prisoners , said both prisoners "  are in a life-threatening condition " and continued to refuse to be given minerals or liquids . "  There is no documented history of any person who survived without food or supplements beyond 75 days , " Daify said . According to a spokeswoman for the Israeli Prison Service , Diab is being held at an Israeli hospital while Halahlah is being cared for at prison medical facility . More than 4,500 Palestinian prisoners are in Israeli prisons for a variety of offenses , ranging from rock-throwing to murder . Of these , about 300 are being held in administrative detention , according to rights groups . The vast majority of prisoners refusing to eat began their protest on April 17 , while a handful have been without food for longer . While hunger strikes are not a new tactic of Palestinian resistance , a series of recent and high-profile cases have brought increased attention to the practice and served as a rallying cry for Palestinians , who have staged multiple protests in the West Bank and Gaza in support of prisoners . Guy Azriel contributed to this report	Bilal Diab , 27 , and Tha'er Halahlah , 33 , have entered day 70 of a hunger strike Their lawyer : Condition for both has gone "  from very bad to extremely worse " Up to 2,000 Palestinians detained in Israeli prisons staging a mass hunger strike
CNN  -- "  There 's a danger that something that feels easy to do and without risk to yourself , almost antiseptic to the person shooting , does n't feel that way at the point of impact , " General Stanley McChrystal , the former U.S. commander in Afghanistan , told the BBC when asked about drone strikes earlier this year . "  There is a perception of helpless people in an area being shot at like thunderbolts from the sky by an entity that is acting as though they have omniscience and omnipotence , and you can create a tremendous amount of resentment inside populations -- even not the people who are themselves being targeted but around -- because of the way it appears and feels . " When the former commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan is making this kind of warning about the drone program , things must be getting bad . The latest report by U.N. Special Rapporteur Ben Emmerson QC can only add to these concerns . Emmerson cites a whole raft of cases where civilians -- many of them clients of legal charity Reprieve -- have been killed or injured by the misguided and shadowy campaign of drone strikes carried out by the CIA and the U.S. Joint Special Operations Command  JSOC  . Read more : U.N. investigator calls for more transparency The cases highlighted by Emmerson demonstrate the devastating impact of drone strikes on innocent people from all walks of life in countries such as Pakistan and Yemen ; and his call for states to publicly respond to the allegations set forth only underlines the total lack of accountability which currently exists for the covert drone campaign . ` Resentment on massive scale ' But perhaps more than anything , these cases give force to the concerns voiced by General McChrystal : that the danger of the drone campaign to the U.S. and its allies is that , far from being the easy , "  antiseptic " fix it may appear , it is in fact creating resentment on a massive scale , and making all of us -- whether we live in Waziristan , Wyoming or Warwickshire -- less safe . Perhaps one of the most devastating examples of this is the case of Saleem Ahmed bin Ali Jaber . Saleem was an imam who locals say was killed along with his nephew in an August 2012 strike in the Hadramout area of Yemen . On the Friday before he was killed , he had given a sermon in the local mosque denouncing al Qaeda . His nephew , Waleed , killed alongside him , was a local policeman . So what did that strike -- that "  thunderbolt from the sky , " in Gen McChrystal 's words -- achieve for the U.S. ? It killed the very people it should be supporting in Yemen : a brave religious leader , prepared to use his pulpit to take on al Qaeda ; and a government employee who worked to enforce the law . "  Our family are not your enemy , " wrote Faisal bin Ali Jaber , Saleem 's brother-in-law and Waleed 's uncle , to President Obama  in a letter sent last year which has yet to receive a response  . "  In fact , the people you killed had strongly and publicly opposed al Qaeda ... Our town was no battlefield . We had no warning . " Faisal has been very clear that , while he wants an apology and accountability for the deaths of his loved ones , he "  wish -LSB- es -RSB- no vengeance against the United States or Yemeni governments . " However , we can not ignore the destabilizing effect the drone campaign is having on those areas it targets . Yemen vote ignored How can the West credibly encourage Yemen down the path towards democracy and the rule of law when it ignores both in pursuing its policies inside the country ? Both Yemen 's Parliament and its National Dialogue -- which is mapping out the country 's post-Arab Spring future -- have voted overwhelmingly against the U.S. carrying out drone strikes in the country , yet both have been ignored . The U.S. -- helped by the UK , which shares intelligence and provides communications infrastructure in support of the strikes -- continues to carry out bombing raids with impunity in a country with which it is not at war . The covert drone campaign has produced hundreds of stories of personal tragedy -- many of which remain unknown , due to the intense secrecy which surrounds it . Emmerson 's report helps lift the veil on just some of those stories , but the majority will remain in the shadows -- despite the efforts of human rights investigators and journalists -- until the U.S. and its allies accept that , at the very least , there should be some accountability and transparency in this deadly campaign . Yet with the CIA still refusing to even publicly acknowledge that any such campaign is taking place , any such accountability seems as far away as ever . Read more : Obama calls for review of drone use In the meantime , politicians and public alike should reflect on the warnings of General McChrystal and the story of Saleem bin ali Jaber , and demand to know how it is that this secret campaign , which alienates or incinerates the very people we should be trying to support , really makes any of us any safer . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Clare Algar .	A report by U.N. Special Rapporteur Ben Emmerson QC cites civilian drones casualties Clare Algar says the report shows the "  devastating impact of drones on innocent people " She says Gen. McChrystal has warned the strikes can create tremendous resentment People should demand to know how the secret drone campaign makes them safer , Algar says
CNN  -- First a soldier guarding a hallowed war memorial was gunned down in Canada 's capital . Then shots erupted in the halls of the country 's Parliament minutes later . The two shootings in Ottawa Wednesday left lawmakers barricaded inside offices and parts of the city on lockdown for hours as police searched for suspects . Ottawa Police lifted the lockdown Wednesday night and said there was no longer a danger to the public . But many questions remain about the shootings : Who was the gunman ? Why did he open fire ? And was he acting alone ? "  It appears there was just one shooter , and that shooter is dead , " Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  But it has been a traumatic experience , obviously , for not only our city but the country . " Investigators have n't provided any possible motives for the shooting . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper did n't provide details about the investigation in a televised address to the nation Wednesday night . "  In the days to come , we will learn more about the terrorist and any accomplices he may have had , but this week 's events are a grim reminder that Canada is not immune to the types of terrorist attacks we have seen elsewhere in the world , " Harper said . "  Let there be no misunderstanding : We will not be intimidated . Canada will never be intimidated . " It is unclear whether additional suspects were tied to the shootings or whether additional arrests have been made . The Royal Canadian Mounted Police said more information would be provided in a press conference Thursday . As authorities continued to investigate , details began to emerge about the man they suspect was behind the shooting . Michael Zehaf-Bibeau was identified by Canadian officials to their American counterparts as the suspected gunman , multiple U.S. officials told CNN . Bibeau , who was born in 1982 , was a convert to Islam and had a history of drug use before he converted , two sources said . His passport had been confiscated by Canadian authorities when they learned he planned to go fight overseas , a U.S. law enforcement official told CNN 's Susan Candiotti . The official said it was not clear when that happened . Canadian broadcaster CBC reported that Bibeau had a record of drug arrests going back 10 years . ` Murdered in cold blood ' Cpl. Nathan Cirillo was "  murdered in cold blood " as he stood guard at Canada 's National War Memorial , Harper said , expressing condolences to the slain Canadian soldier 's family . The soldier appeared to have been shot in the back , said Peter Henderson , a journalist who was at the memorial at the time of the shooting . Other soldiers who were nearby doing drills at the time ran to help , he said . Three people brought to The Ottawa Hospital after the shootings have been released , hospital spokeswoman Hazel Harding told CNN . Earlier , they were described as being in stable condition . Shortly after the shooting at the memorial , a gunman entered the nearby building on Parliament Hill , officials said . "  I heard rapid fire -- gunshots going very loud -- and I figure maybe 20-plus shots within 10 seconds , " Canadian Deputy House Leader Kevin Lamoureux told CNN . He was one level below the gunshots . Gunfire first erupted in the building 's foyer . Then a second round of shooting happened about a minute later in a hallway or near the entrance to the Parliament 's library , Wingrove told CNN . Several officers had weapons drawn , he said , and most of the dozens of shots that he heard appeared to have been fired by officers at the gunman . When the shooting ended , a person was lying motionless on the ground near the library entrance , Wingrove said . Parliament member James Lunney tweeted : #HOC in Lockdown , lone gunman shot security guard , shot his way down Hall of Honor ... we are all safe . Gunman dead ! Thnk God & our scrty ! " In Twitter posts , several Canadian lawmakers hailed a top security official as a hero , crediting him with shooting the gunman inside Parliament . "  MPs and Hill staff owe their safety , even lives , to Sergeant at Arms Kevin Vickers who shot attacker just outside the MPs ' caucus rooms , " Craig Scott , a member of Parliament , wrote . Another soldier killed Monday A U.S. law enforcement official told CNN that a connection to terrorism has n't been ruled out . On Monday , a man who Canadian authorities said was "  radicalized " killed a Canadian soldier with his car . The man was then shot and killed . Police : Man who ran down and killed soldier was ` radicalized ' There was no immediate indication that the Monday and Wednesday incidents were related . In response to the shootings , the North American Aerospace Defense Command , or NORAD , has increased its alert posture , CNN has learned . That means that it has increased the number of planes on a higher alert status ready to respond if needed . NORAD and Canadian authorities are in contact , an official told CNN . Prime Minister secure during shooting MP Tony Clement tweeted that he heard "  at least 30 shots " and apparently was able to take cover with colleagues . He also tweeted that Prime Minister Harper was secure . Harper was safely evacuated from the building , tweeted his press secretary , Carl Vallee . Hours after the Parliament attack , Harper spoke by phone with U.S. President Barack Obama . "  Obviously , we 're all shaken by it , " Obama later told reporters , "  but we 're going to do everything we can to make sure we 're standing side by side with Canada during this difficult time . " Watson said that Wednesday was "  a sad and tragic day for our city and our country . " "  There 's no pain greater than losing a loved one -- to have it happen in such circumstances as this morning is beyond expression , and underlined by a sad anger within my heart , " he said . Canada raised its terror threat level The violence at Parliament comes just days after Canada raised its terror alert Friday . The suspect in Monday 's vehicle attack , Martin Rouleau Couture , reportedly converted to Islam about a year ago . Police arrested him last July and confiscated his passport , but lacked enough evidence to keep him in custody , said Martine Fontaine of the RCMP . "  When he was arrested , he was about to go to Turkey , " Fontaine said . "  We stopped him as he was about to leave Canada for terrorist actions . He was questioned when he was arrested . We have not been able to determine any real threat at this time . " CNN 's John Newsome , Pamela Brown , Jason Hanna , Dorrine Mendoza , Dana Ford , Elise Labott , Jim Sciutto , Pam Brown , Deb Feyerick and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say a lockdown is lifted and there 's no danger to the public Prime Minister Stephen Harper calls the gunman a "  terrorist " Sources : Michael Zehaf-Bibeau was the suspected gunman Cpl. Nathan Cirillo , a Canadian soldier , was shot and killed
CNN  -- Country music singer-songwriter Brad Paisley was examined and released from a hospital after taking a nasty spill during a South Carolina concert Saturday , the entertainer says on his Web site and Twitter account . "  I hit hard , " Paisley wrote on Twitter . "  And I mean freaking hard . " Paisley was examined at Medical University of South Carolina Hospital in Charleston and released Sunday . "  Tnx4 prayers , after my fall , I was just discharged from the hospital.Just very very bruised . Nothing broken , had a ct scan all is okay ! " he said on his Twitter account , @paisleyofficial . Paisley was on the final note of an encore finale , a song titled "  Alcohol , " when he fell , his Web site says . "  If ur wondering , it was the last song & last night of the tour & I was running fast on stage , tripped.really did think I broke a rib or something , " Paisley wrote . He also posted two photos of himself posing with medical personnel while he was being treated at the hospital emergency room . Paisley was able to complete the show after his fall . " -LSB- H -RSB- e bounced back up , finished the show and thanked the audience and told them good-bye , " his Web site said Sunday . "  Once he left the stage he was transported to the local hospital via ambulance to be checked out -- all is well , only badly bruised . Brad was discharged from the hospital and is on his way home to Nashville . " Paisley , 37 , was making his final stop of the "  American Saturday Night Tour " at the Charleston Coliseum . He won his third consecutive Country Music Association Male Vocalist Award in November , his 13th prize from the organization .	Brad Paisley fell off stage during a performance in South Carolina Singer says he was "  running fast , " tripped and took a tumble After being treated at a local hospital , he tweeted he was fine , just "  very bruised "
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- One of the FBI 's most wanted terrorists escaped a raid over the weekend , Kenyan police said Monday . Fazul Abdullah Mohammed , a suspected terrorist , is shown in photos released by the FBI . Fazul Abdullah Mohammed , indicted in the United States for alleged involvement in the 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , managed to evade police in a raid Saturday morning in Malindi , along Kenya 's coast , said police spokesman Eric Kiraithe . The United States calls Mohammed a senior al Qaeda operative in East Africa . U.S. officials accuse him of being an architect of the embassy bombings that killed 225 people . They also believe Mohammed was involved in attacks on an Israeli-owned hotel and airliner in Kenya in 2002 . Kiraithe said Kenyan authorities received information from "  local intelligence networks " that led them to conduct the raid , which involved no foreign intelligence officials . He said police know Mohammed had , in fact , been at the location they raided , because they found two passports under names Mohammed has used . Kiraithe did not say what countries the passports were from . A massive manhunt is under way for Mohammed in Malindi and surrounding areas , "  more intensive than ever before because we would n't want to miss him now , " Kiraithe said . The U.S. offers a reward of up to $ 5 million for information leading to his apprehension or conviction . Mohammed has escaped capture and attacks before . Early last year a U.S.-led air strike in Somalia failed to kill him . In 2003 , Kenyan police said he escaped authorities . In December 2007 , the U.N. Security Council amended a list of 25 al Qaeda suspects subject to sanctions , including Mohammed . The description of Mohammed offered numerous aliases and said he had "  reportedly undergone plastic surgery . " The FBI description says Mohammed was born in the Comoros Islands , and has used birth dates indicating he was born in either 1972 or 1974 . He also has citizenship in Kenya , the description says . It adds , "  Mohammed likes to wear baseball caps and tends to dress casually . He is very good with computers . "	Suspect indicted in U.S. for 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya , Tanzania U.S : Fazul Abdullah Mohammed is a senior al Qaeda operative in E. Africa He managed to evade police in a raid Saturday in Malindi , say Kenyan police Authorities received information about him from "  local intelligence networks "
CNN  -- The decomposed body found this weekend in a Louisiana bayou was identified Monday as that of a teacher missing for three months , the New Orleans Police Department said . The statement said Terrilynn Monette , who was last seen March 2 , was identified through dental records . The death was ruled a drowning , and there were no signs of trauma to the body , police said . On Saturday , a diver with the Slidell Police Department who was volunteering to dive the waterways in the search for Monette found her Honda Accord in the bayou . ` I 'm in shock ' Monette 's mother , Toni Enclade , told CNN earlier that she had been notified a body was found . "  To know that she could have possibly been there for three months , " she said , overcome with emotion . Enclade said she does not know when she will be given a final answer . "  I ca n't even begin to go there right now , " she said . "  I 'm in shock . I ca n't believe this . I just ca n't believe this . " Monette , 26 , was last seen leaving Parlay 's Dream Lounge in New Orleans , where she had been celebrating with friends her nomination for a "  Teacher of the Year " award . Authorities have focused a large part of their search efforts on the waterways because Monette would have had to drive across the bayou to get from the bar to her home . A tireless search In mid-March , an independent search and rescue team from Texas volunteer to comb the lagoons and waterways . Family and friends of Monette put up a billboard in New Orleans and created a Facebook page , "  We Love You Terrilynn Monette , " to help generate tips in the search for her . The diver who found the car and body , Slidell Police Officer Mark Michaud , has been "  working closely with the Monette family " because of his expertise in diving recoveries , police Detective Daniel Seuzeneau said . When Monette , of Long Beach , California , learned of the "  teachNOLA " program , which sends educators to New Orleans to teach in impoverished areas , she packed her bags and headed to Louisiana . "  I always wanted to be a teacher , and what better place to teach than New Orleans , where passionate teachers are needed most ? " she said in a 2011 video obtained by CNN affiliate WDSU . In her first year of teaching second grade at Woodland West Elementary School , Monette turned one of the lowest-performing classes into one of the highest achieving . It earned her a "  Teacher of the Year " nomination in her school district . CNN 's Scott Thompson and Don Lemon contributed to this report .	Police have told Terrilynn Monette 's mother they found the car and a body , she says A police diver has found a car with a body inside believed to be Monette , police say Monette , 26 , was last seen March 2 leaving a New Orleans bar She was celebrating with friends a "  Teacher of the Year " nomination
CNN  -- German giants Bayern Munich 's march towards domestic domination continues unabated . Having wrapped up the Bundesliga title with six games left to play , the Bavarians have now booked their place in the German Cup final , thrashing Wolfsburg 6-1 . The club 's first ever treble is still within their grasp . Bayern are also sitting pretty in Europe having dismissed Juventus to take their place in the Champions League semifinals where they will face Barcelona . Pedro 's Point of View : Do Bayern need Guardiola ? In fact , things are going so well under manager Jupp Heynckes , some have questioned what incoming coach Pep Guardiola , who is set to take over in June , can do to improve them . Guardiola famously steered Barcelona to 14 titles in his four years at the club , including two triumphs in the Champions League . After a season 's sabbatical Bayern won the race for his signature , but the 42-year-old might have a tough task on his hands if Bayern go on to pin down another two trophies between now and the season 's end . They rarely looked in any trouble against Wolfsburg and went into a two-goal lead before halftime . Croatia striker Mario Mandzukic grabbed the opener , turning home Dutch international Arjen Robben 's cross . Robben then found the net after a mistake in Wolfsburg 's defense was pounced upon by Xherdan Shaqiri , who teed up his teammate . Diego pulled a goal back for the visitors but Shaqiri soon restored Bayern 's two-goal cushion with a low drive . Mandzukic departed for Mario Gomez and the Germany striker netted a hat-trick inside six minutes to put an emphatic gloss on the result . Bayern will now face either Stuttgart or Freiburg in the final . They play on Wednesday night . In the English Premier League Arsenal 's hopes of strengthening their grip on third place ahead of London rivals Chelsea and Tottenham in the race for Champions League football were dented by a 0-0 draw with Everton . The Merseyside club have an outside chance of making the top four themselves but will be equally disappointed with the stalemate . Arsenal 's French striker Olivier Giroud missed the best chance of the game , firing wide from eight yards out when stretching to meet a Aaron Ramsey cross , while Ross Barkley went close for the visitors . The result means Arsenal remain third in the table , two points clear of both their London rivals but they have played a game more than Chelsea and two more than Tottenham . Everton are sixth , two points behind Chelsea in fourth . Despite the draw Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was confident they are on course to make the Champions League for the 16th successive season under his stewardship . He told Sky Sports : "  We 're in a strong position but let 's win the next game . As you can see we are ready for a fight and if we keep this fighting spirit I 'm sure we will get there . " His opposite number David Moyes added : "  The games are running out now so it 's harder and harder for us to get into the top four . "  Probably we will get talked about at the end of conversations about the Champions League as we are rank outsiders . But there 's no shame in getting a draw here . "	Bayern Munich thrash Wolfsburg 6-1 in the German Cup semifinal Jupp Heynckes impressive side have already won the Bundesliga title Arsenal and Everton draw 0-0 at the Emirates in the English Premier League Gunners gain point in chase for Champions League football next season
CNN  -- The South African government has recalled its ambassador to Rwanda as diplomatic fallout over a suspected assassination attempt in Johannesburg continues . "  We have recalled the ambassador for consultations , " said Saul Kgomotso Molobi , South Africa 's chief director for public diplomacy . "  But this does not translate into the cutting off of diplomatic ties . " Relations between Kigali and Pretoria have been frosty since Gen. Faustin Kayumba Nyamwasa , a critic and rival to Rwandan President Paul Kagame , was shot and wounded in Johannesburg in June . Molobi said Ambassador Gladstone Dumisani Gwadiso was questioned by Rwandan authorities on South Africa 's handling of the incident . The ambassador has been recalled to discuss those meetings , Molobi said . "  There have been issues raised by the Rwandan government , some of which relate to the shooting of General Nyamwasa , " Molobi said . "  We will meet with our ambassador and then we will decide what course to take . " Rwanda has been tense leading up to its general election planned for Monday . A leader of the opposition Democratic Green Party was found dead near Butare , Rwanda , in July , his head almost severed from his body . The president of the party , Frank Habineza , told CNN that Andre Rwisereka had been receiving death threats since early this year . "  We are very threatened as a party and as individuals , " he said . Journalist Jean-Leonard Rugambage was shot dead on June 24 outside his home in Kigali . Amnesty International said Rugambage had been investigating the Nyamwasa 's shooting and on the day he died , the tabloid Umuvugizi published a story alleging that Rwandan intelligence officials were linked to Nyamwasa 's shooting . Kagame has been praised for fostering growth and guiding his country to peace after the 1994 genocide there , but he has been criticized by human rights and press freedom groups for silencing dissent . The Rwandan government has repeatedly denied any involvement in the incidents in Rwanda and South Africa . Amnesty , a global human rights group , has condemned attacks on politicians and journalists , which it said has inhibited freedom of expression . Amnesty has urged the Rwandan government to ensure that polling is fair and free . "  In recent months killings , arrests and the closure of newspapers and broadcasters has reinforced a climate of fear , " said a statement from Amnesty 's Africa Programme Deputy Director Tawanda Hondora . "  The Rwandan government must ensure that investigations into the killings are thorough and reinstate closed media outlets . " Agnes Nkusi Uwimana , the editor of the Urubayo newspaper , was arrested in July and charged with "  genocide ideology , " according to Amnesty . Other journalists have fled the country and as many as 30 media outlets have been banned , Amnesty said . "  No country should be a silent witness to pre-electoral repression , " Hondora said . "  Speaking out about violations is the best way to ensure that the next Rwandan administration respects human rights . " Kagame is widely expected to be re-elected for a second seven-year term . Journalist Lillian Leposo contributed to this report	NEW : Amnesty International is urging Rwanda to hold a fair and free election Diplomatic fallout began after President Paul Kagame 's rival was shot in Johannesburg Rwandan authorities have questioned South Africa 's ambassador about the incident South Africa : The envoy 's recall does not mean an end to diplomatic ties
CNN  Bono has shared with fans that recovery from an accident has been slow going and that he 's worried he may never play guitar again . The U2 frontman underwent hours of multiple surgeries in November after a bicycle accident in New York City when he tried to avoid another rider in Central Park . The singer broke his arm in six spots , and he fractured his eye socket and shoulder blade . U2 's Bono suffered extensive injuries , had hours of surgery On New Year 's Day , he posted a blog entry on the band 's website in which he detailed his struggle . "  Recovery has been more difficult than I thought , " Bono wrote . "  As I write this , it is not clear that I will ever play guitar again . The band have reminded me that neither they nor Western civilization are depending on this . " In the blog entry , titled "  Little Book of a Big Year : Bono 's A to Z of 2014 " the star reveals that he "  blanked out on impact and have no memory of how I ended up in New York Presbyterian with my humerus bone sticking through my leather jacket . Very punk rock as injuries go . " The possibility that he may never play again caused Bono to reflect that "  I personally would very much miss fingering the frets of my green Irish falcon or my  RED  Gretsch . " "  Just for the pleasure , aside from writing tunes , " he added . "  But then does the Edge , or Jimmy Page , or any guitarist you know have a titanium elbow , as I do now ? I 'm all elbows , I am . " Bono says he will be focusing on his continued recovery . "  The consequences of this freak accident are significant enough that I will have to concentrate hard to be ready for the U2 tour in fitness terms , " he wrote . "  As a result I have cancelled every public appearance and decided this missive is all the communication I can manage for the first half of 2015 , beyond muttering and singing to myself of course . "	The singer posted a blog entry on U2 's site He was involved in a bicycle crash in November He said he 's working hard to recover before his band 's tour
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama is expected to make a statement Thursday on the partisan standoff over how best to extend the expiring payroll tax cut , according to the White House . Obama will be joined by "  Americans who would see their taxes go up if the House Republicans fail to act , " the White House said . Some of those people have participated in Obama 's social media campaign highlighting what a $ 40 loss to a paycheck can mean to the average American . Wednesday , the president called House Speaker John Boehner and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to discuss the impasse , the White House said . A two-month extension passed overwhelmingly with bipartisan support by the Democratic-controlled Senate "  is the only option to ensure that middle class families are n't hit with a tax hike in 10 days and gives both sides the time needed to work out a full year solution , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters . Earlier in the day , Boehner , R-Ohio , and House GOP negotiators urged Democrats to restart talks on the matter , with the goal of an immediate one-year extension . "  We 're here . We 're ready to work , " Boehner told reporters on Capitol Hill . "  We can resolve these differences ... and give the American people a real Christmas present . " During their phone call , Boehner told Obama that House Republicans were "  elected to change the way Washington does business and that we should not waste the next ten days simply because it is an inconvenient time of year , " an aide to the speaker said . At stake : A tax cut for 160 million Americans , as well as extended emergency federal unemployment benefits and the so-called "  doc fix , " a delay in significant scheduled pay cuts to Medicare physicians . All three measures are currently scheduled to expire December 31 . Despite mounting pressure on House Republicans to give in and pass a short-term extension , a well - placed House GOP source indicated his side would not consider an end-game to the standoff until next week , just days before the deadline for taxes to go up . White House : Congress inaction a threat to the economy A growing number of political observers believe Democrats hold the political high ground in the struggle , and that Republicans are in the midst of squandering their long-held advantage on the tax issue . On Saturday , the Senate voted 89-10 to approve two additional months for all three programs . The idea , leaders have repeatedly said , is to buy more time to hammer out a longer-term deal . The conservative House GOP caucus , however , revolted against that blueprint , calling it an inadequate patchwork plan that will create more economic instability and do little to create jobs . On Tuesday , the House voted 229-193 on a virtual party-line basis to express its disagreement with the Senate plan and call for the creation of a House-Senate conference committee to resolve the matter -- something already ruled out by Reid , D-Nevada . The $ 33 billion "  bipartisan compromise that was reached on Saturday is the only viable way to prevent a tax hike on January 1 , " Obama said after the House vote . "  It 's the only one . " The House also approved a separate resolution supporting a year-long extension of both the payroll tax cut and emergency unemployment benefits , along with a new , two-year doc fix . There is no indication , however , that congressional negotiators would be able to reach a bipartisan agreement by the end of the year . Further complicating matters is the fact that the Senate has adjourned for the year . Most House members also left Washington after Tuesday 's vote . Dispute creates GOP split between House and Senate Boehner released a public letter to Obama Tuesday urging him to order the Senate back from its holiday break to take part in further talks -- a gesture immediately rejected by the White House . In a symbolic move , Maryland Rep. Chris Van Hollen , a member of the Democratic leadership , walked onto the floor of a virtually empty House chamber Wednesday morning to call for the House to hold a direct , up-or-down vote on the bipartisan Senate plan . Boehner prevented a direct vote on the Senate bill Tuesday , signaling that House GOP leaders may lack enough Republican support to defeat it in the face of unrelenting pressure from the White House , congressional Democrats and some Senate Republicans . The Wall Street Journal -- always a critical sounding board for conservatives -- blasted Boehner and his House GOP colleagues in an editorial Wednesday , arguing that they had "  achieved the small miracle of letting Mr. Obama position himself as an election-year tax cutter . " "  At this stage , Republicans would do best to cut their losses and find a way to extend the payroll holiday quickly , " the paper 's editorial writers said . "  Then go home and return in January with a united House-Senate strategy that forces Democrats to make specific policy choices that highlight the differences between the parties on spending , taxes and regulation . ... The alternative is more chaotic retreat and the return of all-Democratic rule . " Asked to respond to the editorial , Boehner insisted that the GOP remains "  the party of lower taxes for the American people . " Boehner 's response did not appear to stem a rising tide of criticism from his Senate counterparts . "  The House Republicans have painted themselves into a corner . They are on their own , " a Senate Republican leadership aide told CNN Wednesday . "  This is a lose-lose situation for us .  House Republicans  let the Democrats get the messaging advantage and , more specifically , we 've turned one of our key issues on its head . The Republicans look like they are the ones blocking tax relief . " "  When you are arguing process , you are losing , by definition , " the aide said . "  We are arguing process while they 've got politics on their side . " A number of Republicans have said the party should have declared victory after winning an agreement by Obama -- as part of the payroll tax cut package -- to make a decision within the next 60 days on whether to proceed with the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico . Republicans and some Democratic union leaders say the controversial pipeline will create thousands of new jobs ; critics question its environmental impact . According to House Republican sources , their strategy is now to generate as much news coverage as possible of their eight appointed conferees in coming days to keep the pressure on Democrats to negotiate . "  We are going to try to remind people that we are still in town ready to work , " one House GOP leadership aide said . A failure to act could have major economic and political fallout . The payroll tax break alone is worth roughly $ 1,000 a year for an average family . Numerous observers believe Obama is preparing to parrot Harry Truman 's 1948 campaign next year by running against an unpopular , dysfunctional Congress controlled partly by the GOP . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash , Kate Bolduan , Lisa Desjardins , Matt Hoye , Xuan Thai , and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	NEW : Obama to speak on impasse Obama calls Boehner , Reid to urge adoption of Senate 's two-month extension Senate GOP aide says House Republicans have "  painted themselves into a corner " Obama says the bipartisan compromise reached Saturday is the only viable option
