Russia 's foreign minister said Saturday that a deal with Iran on its nuclear program is close , warning the opportunity to bring about an end to a decade-long standoff must not be passed up . The statements by Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov broadcast on Russian TV come just days before negotiators meet in Geneva , Switzerland , to discuss details about Iran 's nuclear program . "  Our common impression is that there is a very good chance now which should not be missed , " Lavrov said in remarks broadcast on state-run TVC . The assessment , Lavrov said , came out of recent talks with the European Union 's foreign policy chairwoman , Catherine Ashton . That tone was echoed earlier in the week by the United States . The United States and other countries are "  getting close " to an interim deal with Iran that would prevent its nuclear program "  from advancing , and roll it back " in key areas , a senior U.S. administration official said Friday . Such a deal would "  extend the breakout time " that Iran would need to achieve a nuclear weapon and "  shorten the time to notice if they tried , " the official said on condition of anonymity . The proposed deal covers every aspect of Iran 's nuclear program , including uranium enrichment , uranium stockpiles and all nuclear facilities including military ones , the official said . The deal will be on the table during the next round of talks in Geneva . "  I do n't know if we 'll reach an agreement . I think it is quite possible that we can . But there are still tough issues to negotiate , " the official said . The United States , along with the four other permanent members of the U.N. Security Council and Germany -- the so-called P5 +1 -- came close to a deal during talks with Iran last week in Geneva , but the discussions ended with both sides blaming each other for the lack of an agreement . The P5 +1 is "  completely and totally unified " on the current outlines of the proposed deal , the official said . It is widely believed that Iran harbors aspirations to produce nuclear weapons . Repeated findings by U.N. weapons inspectors indicate that the country appeared to be conducting nuclear weapons research . Iran has always maintained that its nuclear program is for purely peaceful purposes . Even though Iran has denied working toward nuclear weapons , it has said it will not submit to any plan that would totally eliminate its nuclear program .	Russian Foreign Minister expresses hope for a compromise with Iran Proposed deal would cover every aspect of Iran 's nuclear program , U.S. official says It would also "  extend the breakout time " Iran would need to achieve a nuclear weapon
PADUCAH , Kentucky  CNN  -- He arrives in the early morning hours , when the downtown streets here are empty and quiet . Former U.S. soldier Steven Green has been convicted of raping and killing a 14-year-old Iraqi girl . An electric gate jerks to life as the black sedan with tinted windows pulls into a parking lot protected by an iron fence . It 's five blocks from the local county jail to the U.S. Federal Courthouse of Western Kentucky . Not even a five-minute drive . This is the only freedom Steven Green knows . He 's ushered from the car by a contingent of U.S. marshals . It 's 30 feet out in the open air . A brief chance to look up at the clouds . A moment to hear sounds not reverberated against cell walls : a bird , a car engine , a breeze in nearby trees . He is a lanky 24-year-old . He looks lean , like he could grow a little more . Not really a man , but too old to be called a boy . Regardless , he is a convicted murderer , rapist , and conspirator . The orange prison coveralls make him look a bit taller . The jury never sees Green in the fluorescent jumpsuit . Inside the federal courthouse there is a change of clothes . Usually it 's a button-down shirt and a pair of khakis . He keeps his cuffs buttoned . He looks nerdish , and you half expect him to start working on the courtroom computers . Not like a man who once asked FBI agents if they thought he was "  a monster . " Evidence comes in a steady display of pictures and videos that seem oddly connected . The snapshot of a smiling woman lying in a field of bluebonnets . The image of a dead Iraqi strapped to the hood of an Army Humvee . A high school yearbook photo of a Texas football team . The diagram of a brain cell . Video of a firefight shot from an insurgent perspective . The most unusual trial exhibit sits against the wall behind the prosecutor 's table : a small architectural mock-up of a home . Roughly 18 by 18 inches , it is like no home in Kentucky . A flat-topped square with a raised rectangular structure at the top providing access to the roof . It is beige in color . The tiny windows have tiny bars . It is a 3-D map of a crime scene . Earlier this month , a jury found Green guilty of a raping a 14-year-old girl who lived in the home in Iraq , then killing her and setting her body on fire to destroy evidence . Green also was found guilty of killing the girl 's parents and 6-year-old sister . There is a casual manner to Steven Green 's daily entrance into the courtroom . It defies the circumstances of the moment and the imagination without proper context . This is the sentencing phase of his death penalty trial and he is the defendant . Testimony resumes Monday , with the expectation of closing arguments as early as Wednesday . Green faces life in prison without the possibility of parole , or death in prison . The testimony transports the court to unusual places : across Texas following Green 's dysfunctional childhood , into the sense of structure and order of Army basic training at Fort Benning , Georgia , and back to the chaos of horrendous combat situations four years ago in Iraq 's Triangle of Death . Green is a former member of the 101st Airborne Division , inserted into a very bad section of Iraq during some of the worst fighting of the war . His memories are of a place known as Yusufiya , 20 miles south of Baghdad . Jurors form a mental picture of his life then as former members of his unit , Bravo Company , take the stand . Amid the military lingo , the witnesses pause occasionally , struggling to convey the contempt , confusion , exhaustion , and death they knew . They speak of being shot , of killings , booby traps and sudden bloody dismemberments . This toxic emotional mix is what former Pfc. Green knew in 2005 and 2006 almost every day , along with the very real possibility of his own death . If the jury opts for its most extreme option -- the death penalty -- unlike his daily death watch in Iraq , at least Green will see that coming . When a friend or family member enters the courtroom , Green tries to make anxious eye contact . He whispers a lot to his attorneys . His hands stay around his face and his gaze on the table when the victims ' family speak through an interpreter . The Al-Janabis ' relatives do not speak of details of the crime . The questions come only from the prosecution , and the defense does not cross-examine . They speak of an orchard worker , Kassem , and his wife , Fakhriya . They speak of a simple family who did not own either their home or the furniture . They speak of a funny 6-year-old girl , Hadeel , being chased through the orchard trees by siblings . They speak of a 14-year-old girl , Abeer , with dreams of living in the city and wearing nice clothes . The jury never hears the words "  rape " or "  murder " come from the translation . It is a testimony about loss . The defendant sits rigid the entire time . The mention of other names comes frequently in court . Spc. James Barker : The jury knows him as the soldier who concocted a plan over a card game to target the Al-Janabi family -- a mission of gang-rape and murder . Sgt. Paul Cortez : The defense counsel describes him as senior non-commissioned officer , the one who approved the mission as long as he was the first to rape Abeer . Pfc. Jesse Spielman : His name is familiar as the fourth member of the squad to leave their traffic checkpoint on March 12 , 2006 , after donning disguises , and enter the Al-Janabi home . Pfc. Bryan Howard is the soldier left behind to guard their post . Each is out of the Army , sentenced to prison time by a military court for his part in the crime and the failed coverup . Green , the trigger man , is the odd man out . He sits before the jury , convicted in civil court for this war atrocity . His early release from the Army two months after the crime is a possible death sentence , while three of his accomplices face the possibility of parole from an Army prison in 2016 . Green still sports a military haircut . Seated at the table alongside his defense team , he often leans over and speaks with Darren Wolff , a former Marine Corps captain turned Kentucky defense lawyer . There are letters on file in the court docket from Wolff petitioning Defense Secretary Robert Gates to re-enlist Green in the Army , so the former private could face trial under the Uniform Code of Military Justice . It is not unheard of in this war . Wolff points out in conversation that the Pentagon re-activated two former Marines after word surfaced of an alleged murder in Falluja in 2004 . He says Green should face a jury of his military peers . The fact that has not happened , and the former Army private sits in the U.S. District Court of Western Kentucky tried under the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act for crimes committed in Iraq , may be a point of appeal . At the end of the day , Green exits the courtroom , climbs back into his prison garb and is shackled . There 's another short walk to the car , then a five-block return drive to take in the world . He returns to solitary confinement . This is his human interaction for the day .	Steven Green was convicted of murder , rape in deaths of girl and her family in Iraq Jury in Kentucky to decide his sentence ; death penalty a possibility Closing arguments could start as soon as Wednesday Green faces harsher penalty because he had left Army and was tried in civilian court
CNN  -- Everyone knows Google is big . But the truth is that it 's huge . On an average day , Google accounts for about 25 percent of all consumer internet traffic running through North American ISPs . That 's a far larger slice of than previously thought , and it means that with so many consumer devices connecting to Google each day , it 's bigger than Facebook , Netflix , and Instagram combined . It also explains why Google is building data centers as fast as it possibly can . Three years ago , the company 's services accounted for about 6 percent of the internet 's traffic . "  What 's really interesting is , over just the past year , how pervasive Google has become , not just in Google data centers , but throughout the North American internet , " says Craig Labovitz , founder of Deepfield , the internet monitoring company that crunched the data . His probes show that more than 62 percent of the smartphones , laptops , video streamers , and other devices that tap into the internet from throughout North America connect to Google at least once a day . Labovitz calls Google 's traffic "  astounding . " The lion 's share of it comes from YouTube . But Google traffic involving search , analytics , web apps , and advertising is far from insignificant . Take these numbers with a grain of salt , though . It 's impossible to get a total picture of the internet , so Deepfield 's numbers are a best guess based on the traffic flowing through its internet service provider partners . Still , there 's no question that Google is big and getting massive . To handle its growth , Google has been on a building binge . It now has data centers on four continents . All this work has been getting a lot of attention . But the tech titan is also hip-deep in another type of build-out , one that 's largely gone under the radar . Google has added thousands of servers -- called Google Global Cache servers -- to ISPs around the world . These servers store the most popular content from Google 's network -- a YouTube video that 's going viral right now or apps from the Android marketplace , for example -- then serve it directly from the ISP 's data center , rather than streaming it all the way from Google 's data center . These servers were in a handful of North American ISPs three years ago . Today , they 're in 80 percent of them , Labovitiz says . Companies like Akamai and Level 3 have been doing this type of caching for years . It helps speed up popular pages on websites like WIRED . But lately some big websites have started cutting content delivery deals directly with ISPs . It 's a strategy that Netflix very publicly embraced just over a year ago , but one that Google is much more reluctant to discuss . The company declined to comment for this story , and ISPs that use the Google Global Cache servers are n't allowed to talk about them . That 's not a huge surprise . Google does some pretty amazing things behind the scenes , and while it 's considered to be the world 's leader in infrastructure magic , it generally considers this work to be a closely held proprietary secret . Still , Netflix and Google 's move into so many of the ISP network operations centers that are just a few miles from its customers -- what networking geeks call the "  edge " of the network -- is likely to be followed by other internet giants such as Apple and Facebook , Labovitz believes . "  It used to be that the focus of people like Google and Facebook was about building data centers , " he says . "  They 're still doing that , but what is equally interesting is watching these edge boxes -- these servers being embedded just everywhere . " This article originally appeared on WIRED . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Google accounts for 25 % of all Internet traffic in North America , according to a new report That 's more than Facebook , Netflix and Twitter combined Analytics say that 's a big jump from 6 % three years ago
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama and the rest of the first family teamed up with an extremely oversized rabbit Monday to the host the annual White House Easter Egg Roll , much to the delight of visiting children from across the country . The theme of this year 's festivities was "  Ready , Set , Go ! " -- a reference to first lady Michelle Obama 's "  Let 's Move " initiative , which is designed to address the problem of childhood obesity . The first family kicked off the event , which dates to 1878 , shortly before 11 a.m. , appearing with the Easter Bunny on the White House 's South Portico , a balcony overlooking the residence 's sprawling South Lawn . "  Is this not the most perfect day for the Easter Egg Roll ? " Michelle Obama asked the enthusiastic crowd . Washington is currently in the middle of a warm spell under a clear sky . "  Our hope today is that in addition to having fun and doing some of the traditional activities like the egg roll ... you can learn about beginning to live a more healthy life , " she said . As well as participating in the traditional egg roll , families were invited to visit the White House garden and play football , basketball and tennis , among other things . Several celebrities attended the event , including players from the Washington Redskins and athletes Apolo Ohno and Billie Jean King . The president also read the Dr. Seuss book "  Green Eggs and Ham " to the visiting children . "  When your parents tell you to eat your broccoli , you do n't know whether you 're going to like them or not , " he told the kids , emphasizing the point of the classic story . "  You 've got to try it . ... -LSB- And -RSB- when your parents tell you to eat your peas , eat your peas . " The first White House Easter Egg Roll was hosted by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878 .	White House Easter Egg Roll dates back to 1878 Families invited to visit White House garden and play football , basketball and tennis Obama read Dr. Seuss book "  Green Eggs and Ham " to kids
EW.com  -- There 's not much you can do when that inevitable turkey coma sets in today , so instead of fighting those couch potato urges , indulge in some Thanksgiving TV . Fortunately , there are plenty of TV marathons to be thankful for this year . Whether you 're craving something manly , in a nostalgic state of mind , or schadenfreude is the name of the game , there 's something to feast your eyes on . Oldies , But Goodies As you 're reminiscing about the good ol' days with family , it 's only fitting that you watch some cinematic masterpieces from yesteryear . First up is a jumbo-sized James Bond movie marathon . Celebrate the franchise 's 50th anniversary with a two-day Syfy blockbuster fest from 12 a.m. to 5:30 a.m. tomorrow . I 'm sure the release of the latest and highest-grossing 007 installment , "  Skyfall , " has opened up the age-old debate about the best Bond flick . The marathon includes Daniel Craig 's first two Bond films , "  Casino Royale " and "  Quantum of Solace , " and the very first film from the franchise , Sean Connery 's "  Dr. No . " If you 're more gangster than suave , AMC 's "  Godfather " marathon is the way to go . With two consecutive airings of "  The Godfather " and "  The Godfather Part II " from 11:30 a.m. to 4:30 a.m. tomorrow , you 're sure to get your mafia fix  the third film is officially not worth watching  . iReport : Who 's at your Thanksgiving table ? Classic TV Keeping with the theme of taking trips down memory lane , here are some old-school TV shows to balance out the classic movies . Your favorite gothic soap opera , "  Dark Shadows , " will run on Chiller from 6 a.m. to 5 p.m. , while your favorite science fiction sitcom , "  ALF , " will air from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. tomorrow on The Hub . You can also catch back-to-back episodes of "  I Love Lucy "  noon to 4 p.m.  on TV Land followed by "  The Andy Griffith Show "  4 to 9 p.m.  . EW.com : Thanksgiving film ` feast ' - ival Tough-Guy TV If James Bond and Michael Corleone are n't rugged enough , you can watch the manliest of men on reality TV . Spend the day with "  Swamp People "  8 a.m. to 2 p.m. on History  and "  Wheeler Dealers "  from 6 a.m. Thanksgiving day to 6 a.m. tomorrow on Velocity  . For even more life-threatening adventures , check out "  Alaska : The Last Frontier "  10 a.m. to 9 p.m. on Discovery  , "  Finding Bigfoot "  9 a.m. to 7 p.m. on Animal Planet  , and "  Wicked Tuna "  9 a.m. to 6 p.m. on National Geographic Channel  . Spike will also air "  Tattoo Nightmares " followed by "  Ink Master " from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Crime Procedurals So many hookers , so little time ! USA will air 24 hours of "  NCIS "  the "  Gibbs That Keeps On Giving " marathon  beginning at 6 a.m. , while Oxygen will offer a half day of "  Law & Order : Criminal Intent " from 2 p.m. to 2 a.m. tomorrow . If you like murder with a side of comedy , tune into "  Castle "  10 a.m. to 11 p.m. on TNT  or "  Psych "  running until 6 a.m. tomorrow on Cloo  . You can also flip to A&E 's "  The First 48 "  3 p.m. to 4 a.m. tomorrow  for the real scoop . Reality Bites On top of your heavy heaping of tough-guy reality shows , add some voyeuristic series , with "  Breaking Amish "  11 a.m. to 9 p.m. on TLC  , "  Secretly Pregnant "  2 to 10 p.m. on Discovery Fit & Health  , and "  Million Dollar Listing "  11 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Bravo  . Or , if the thought of food does n't make you want to hurl , try some food programming with "  Best Sandwich "  9 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Travel  , "  Cake Boss "  6 a.m. to 11 a.m. on TLC  , and "  Restaurant Impossible "  10 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Food Network  . From Wishbone to Funny Bone Thanksgiving would n't be the same without friends and family . So tune into "  Friends "  11 a.m. to 6 p.m. on TBS  and family sitcoms "  Roseanne "  2 to 6 p.m. on CMT  and "  Moesha "  8 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. on BET  . Hopefully watching other people 's lousy Thanksgivings  fingers crossed that "  Friends ' " "  The One With All the Thanksgivings " will air  will make yours better . EW.com : 10 Thanksgivings with ` Friends ' Get Your Genre On Whether you 're a fan of the Wild Wild West or the Final Frontier , there 's a marathon out there for you . BBC America will air the seventh season of "  Star Trek : The Next Generation " from noon to tomorrow , 6 a.m. , and History will rebroadcast its acclaimed miniseries "  Hatfields & McCoys " from 6 p.m. to 4 a.m. tomorrow . There 's also an alternative for cult TV addicts in "  Friday Night Lights "  1 to 8 p.m. on ESPN Classic  . Mixed Bag If you prefer themed marathons , tune into Encore Love , Bio Channel , and FX instead . Encore 's "  Tuneful Thanksgiving " marathon from 4:15 a.m. to midnight will include movie musicals "  La Bamba , " "  Oklahoma ! , " "  Evita , " and "  Rent . " FX will air family-friendly animated features like "  Madagascar : Escape 2 Africa , " "  Kung Fu Panda , " and 14 hours of "  Shrek Forever After " from 8 a.m. to 2 a.m. tomorrow . There 's also a belated Halloween paranormal series marathon from 8 a.m. to 4 a.m. tomorrow  it continues on Saturday  with episodes of "  Paranormal State , " "  My Ghost Story " and "  Celebrity Ghost Stories . " See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	There are plenty of TV marathons to be thankful for this year In step with Bond 's 50th anniversary , there 's a James Bond movie marathon TV fans can also catch marathons of crime shows , reality TV and sitcoms
CNN  -- American golfer Webb Simpson made a furious charge Sunday to win the U.S. Open , grabbing his fist major tournament victory . Simpson had started the day four shots back off the lead but carded four birdies in five holes midway through the final round to get to the top of the leaderboard . It gave the U.S. a third successive major win following Bubba Watson 's maiden triumph at the Masters in April and Keegan Bradley at last year 's PGA Championship . Simpson shot two-under-par 68 Sunday to end the tournament at one-over 281 for the four rounds . That score was good enough to win as all the golfers struggled on the slick greens of San Francisco 's Olympic Club and no one scored under par . "  It was a cool day . I had peace all day , " said the 26-year-old Webb , who has won two other PGA Tour events . "  I prayed more the last three holes than I did all my life . "  I had no experience in major championships of contention at all , so for me to play Sunday fourth from the last group was probably an huge help , as opposed to the last group . I have gained utmost respect for all the guys who have won multiple majors , because it is just so hard to do . The level of pressure is so much greater than a regular event . " Former U.S. Open champions Jim Furyk and Graeme McDowell were tied for the lead coming into play Sunday . McDowell stumbled early in the final round but Furyk held the lead for most of day . Furyk , who had held the lead from Friday afternoon , was unable to withstand Simpson 's great play . But still on the last hole , both McDowell and Furyk were just one shot behind Simpson . Both had to get birdies to catch Simpson and tie the tournament , setting up a dramatic ending . Furyk , the 2003 winner , buried his second shot in a bunker dashing his chances . McDowell -- who claimed his first major at Pebble Beach in 2010 -- played better but still missed a 24-foot birdie putt , to end his hopes . Tiger Woods continued his fall Sunday as he failed in his bid for his fourth U.S. Open title and his first major since winning at Torrey Pines in 2008 . Woods was tied with Furyk and David Toms for the halfway lead going into play Saturday at one under par . But his play faded and on Sunday the 14-time major champion ended the tournament in a tie for 21st place , dropping four shots in the first three holes of his final round as he eventually signed for a 73 . "  I was just a touch off , " said Woods , who was six shots behind Simpson . "  Today , I got off to a horrific start and just never got it going . But there are a lot of positives that can be taken from this week . "	Webb Simpson had never won a major championship before Sunday Jim Furyk and Graeme McDowell both had chances to tie him on the last hole Tiger Woods continued to fade Sunday , finishing in tie for 21st
LONDON ,  England  CNN -- Natalia Vodianova is best known as the supermodel who has graced the cover of Vogue , walked the catwalk for the likes of Chanel and Versace . Supermodel Natalia Vodianova 's charity plans to build hundreds of play parks for children in her native Russia . But Vodianova has a dream that could n't be further from the glitzy world of fashion -- to build 500 play parks in her native Russia . Vodianova , born and raised in Russia , was in the country during the 2004 Beslan school siege , in which at least 339 hostages , around half of them children , were killed . Deeply affected by the tragedy she returned to New York , where she was living at the time , determined to do something to help the surviving children . Vodianova organized a fundraising event that generated $ 350,000 to build the children a playground and she founded her charity , the "  Naked Heart Foundation . " With an ethos that play is not only therapeutic for children , but a necessity , the foundation aims to provide playgrounds for Russia 's urban youth . So far the charity has built 23 playgrounds around the country , starting in her home town of Nizhnii Novgorod , and there are 15 more in the pipeline . "  For me , since I started my charity , it has been a very different way of life , " Vodianova told CNN . Watch Vodianova take CNN around Moscow " "  Giving back just feels so great . I always try to open each play park with myself present for the children , because it makes it more special for them . I go to very remote parts of Russia are far from Moscow and it gives these children an extra message of love . " For Vodianova , this is just the start . She told CNN that her dream is to build 500 play parks in Russia . The charity 's play parks can cost anywhere between $ 27,000 and $ 400,000 , depending on their size and range of play equipment . Vodianova admits , "  It 's a big dream -- an expensive one ! " When it comes to fundraising , Vodianova 's secret weapon is her connections in the fashion world . Last year she organized a "  Love Ball " in Moscow -- a Valentine 's Day fundraiser that counted among the guests the likes of designer Valentino , actress Lucy Liu , singer Natalie Imbruglia , and supermodel Eva Herzigova . See photos of "  The Love Ball . " " The event was held in a former royal residence , Moscow 's 16th century Tsaritsino Estate . It featured an ice palace made from 220 tons of ice and music provided by British band Razorlight , among others . The highlight was a Valentine 's - themed auction , with lots including a private performance from rock star Bryan Adams , bought for $ 120,000 , and a painting by British artist Damien Hirst called "  Love is All Around , " which sold for $ 1.6 million . The auction alone raised $ 6.7 million for the charity . Vodianova admits that the global economic crisis is making it harder to get sponsorship for this year 's event and says it will be more low-key than last year . "  We are not going to make it a very extravagant event ; it 's very disrespectful of what 's going on in the world right now , with the recession and a lot of people losing their jobs . "  We 're not gong to spend a lot of money on it , but it 's important to keep going , " she told CNN . With a husband and three young children , Vodianova says it can be hard to divide her time between family , career and her charity . She describes her charity work as a 24-hour job . "  I feel a huge sense of responsibility for my foundation because it 's really very important to me . Somehow it became my most difficult baby to raise , " she says . But she has no doubt about the value of her work , both for Russia 's children and herself . "  The biggest thing I can do for my soul is to hear that laughter and to see all these children that come and play on the play parks that my foundation built . " CNN Producer Deborah Rivers contributed to this report	Russian supermodel Natalia Vodianova runs the "  Naked Heart Foundation " Her dream is for the foundation to build 500 play parks across Russia The "  Love Ball " was a celebrity-filled fundraising event held in Moscow
CNN  -- Family and friends attended a military funeral Friday to pay tribute to Lee Rigby , the British soldier killed in an attack in southeast London in May . Crowds gathered outside Bury Parish Church , near Manchester , and lined streets nearby to listen as the service was relayed by loudspeaker . Rigby 's commanding officer , Lt. Col. Jim Taylor of the 2nd Battalion , The Royal Regiment of Fusiliers , described the 25-year-old as a man who was "  truly charismatic " and "  larger than life . " Rigby had fulfilled a lifelong ambition to be a soldier and served with enthusiasm and courage , he said . The service was to be followed by a private family burial . Rigby was killed in a daylight attack on May 22 near the Woolwich barracks where he was based . Two men , Michael Adebowale , 22 , and Michael Adebolajo , 28 , are accused of his murder . A preliminary trial date has been set for November .	Family and friends attend a military funeral service held for slain soldier Lee Rigby His commanding officer pays tribute to his charisma and courage Rigby was killed in a daylight attack in southeast London
CNN  -- Colleen LaRose , the Pennsylvania woman indicted for allegedly conspiring to support terrorists and kill a person in a foreign country , attempted to commit suicide in 2005 , according to a police report filed at the time . LaRose , who authorities say called herself "  Jihad Jane , " was depressed about the death of her father , the report from Pennsburg , Pennsylvania , Police Officer Michael Devlin said . LaRose told Devlin she swallowed as many as 10 pills of cyclobenzaprine , a muscle relaxant . The pills were mixed with alcohol . "  Colleen was highly intoxicated and having difficulty maintaining her balance , " Devlin wrote . I "  questioned LaRose about harming herself , at which point she stated she does not want to die . " Devlin was dispatched to check on LaRose in response to a 911 call made by LaRose 's sister in Texas , who was worried LaRose might try to kill herself . LaRose was arrested on the terrorism charges in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , on October 15 , a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office said Tuesday . She is being held at the Federal Detention Center in Philadelphia , according to the U.S. attorney 's office . She will be arraigned at 10:30 a.m. March 18 in Philadelphia , the Justice Department said . Among other things , LaRose has also been charged with making false statements to a government official and attempted identity theft . If convicted , she faces a possible life prison sentence and a $ 1 million fine . Last year , LaRose agreed to kill a resident of Sweden , an indictment says , and a U.S. government official familiar with the case identified the target as Lars Vilks , a cartoonist who outraged some with a drawing of the Muslim Prophet Mohammed . LaRose worked with at least five co-conspirators , the indictment says . Authorities did not identify them , but police in Ireland took into custody seven people in arrests Tuesday that the U.S. official said were directly related to the plot involving LaRose . Read the indictment  PDF Authorities in Ireland said the seven people they arrested also were plotting to commit a murder abroad . Irish media reports , citing unnamed police sources , identified their target as Vilks . A person from Pennsburg who knew LaRose said she "  did n't have the smarts or brains " to pull off the alleged plot . "  Not without someone telling her what to do , maybe even brainwashing her , " said the person , who asked not to be identified for privacy reasons . It appears that LaRose was not well known in her neighborhood in Pennsburg , which is about an hour north of Philadelphia . One neighbor reacted to the news by saying , "  It scares the hell out of me . " Meanwhile , LaRose 's former boyfriend , Kurt Gorman , told CNN on Wednesday that the circumstances surrounding her arrest are "  just crazy ... really crazy . " Gorman said that when he lived with LaRose , she spent most of her time at home and frequently used a personal computer . "  I think she just used it to play games mostly , " he said . "  I really did n't pay much attention . " The alleged terrorist conspiracy began in June 2008 , when LaRose posted a comment on YouTube under the username JihadJane saying she was "  desperate to do something somehow to help " Muslims , according to a federal indictment unsealed Tuesday . From December 2008 to October 2009 , LaRose engaged in electronic communication with five alleged co-conspirators about their shared desires to wage jihad and become martyrs , according to the indictment . LaRose and the alleged co-conspirators , according to a Justice Department statement , used the Internet to develop plans that "  included martyring themselves , soliciting funds for terrorists , soliciting passports and avoiding travel restrictions  through the collection of passports and through marriage  in order to wage violent jihad . " According to the U.S. government official familiar with the case , LaRose raised money for the cause and recruited people to join it . The official also said she was in contact with committed jihadists in South Asia , Western Europe and Eastern Europe . The official declined to link her to any specific terrorist organizations . ` Jihad Jane , ' American who lived on Main Street The indictment says that at one point , LaRose stole a U.S. passport to "  facilitate an act of international terrorism . " Gorman told CNN that after LaRose left him suddenly last August , he realized his passport was missing . He said he reported the lost document to the State Department . Several months later , he said , the FBI came to see him , and he told them what he knew about her . In November , he said , he testified in Philadelphia before a grand jury . The FBI told him she was already in custody then , Gorman said . "  I really do n't know much , " he said . LaRose had received "  a direct order to kill a citizen and resident of Sweden , and to do so in a way that would frighten ` the whole Kufar -LSB- nonbeliever -RSB- world , ' " according to the indictment . LaRose agreed to carry out the murder , according to the Justice Department statement . "  I will make this my goal till I achieve it or die trying , " LaRose said via electronic communication , according to the indictment . In 2007 , Vilks drew a cartoon of Mohammed with the body of a dog , prompting the al Qaeda terrorist network to offer $ 100,000 to anyone who killed him , plus an extra $ 50,000 if the killer slits his throat . Watch a profile of Vilks from 2007 Irish police did not confirm that Vilks was the target , but responded to a CNN question about Vilks by saying the arrests were "  part of an investigation into a conspiracy to commit a serious offense , namely , conspiracy to murder an individual in another jurisdiction . " Irish police arrested four men and three women in Waterford and Cork , authorities said . They range in age from the mid-20s to late 40s . Ireland 's national broadcaster , RTE , said the suspects are originally from Morocco and Yemen but are all living legally as refugees in Ireland . Irish police worked with counterparts in the United States and "  a number of European countries , " they said . LaRose , along with the co-conspirators , believed that "  her appearance and American citizenship would help her blend in while carrying out her plans , calling it a possible "  way to achieve what is in my heart , " according to the indictment . The indictment alleges that LaRose even agreed to marry one of the co-conspirators to obtain residency status in a European country . LaRose traveled to Europe in August 2009 and "  tracked the intended target online in an effort to complete her task , " the Justice Department statement said . According to the indictment , LaRose told the co-conspirator who allegedly ordered the murder that she considers it an "  honour & a great pleasure to die or kill for " the co-conspirator , and she pledged that "  only death will stop me here that I am so close to the target . " The killing did not occur , and LaRose was arrested about two weeks after the electronic message was sent . Mark Wilson , a federal public defender representing LaRose , declined to comment on the case Tuesday . The Justice Department said LaRose was born in 1963 and lives outside of Philadelphia in Montgomery County . Police records show she was arrested twice in 1997 : once for driving while intoxicated and once for passing a bad check in the San Antonio , Texas , area . She moved from Texas to Pennsylvania in 2004 . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Carol Cratty and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	Colleen LaRose , accused of conspiracy , was depressed about father 's death , police say Last year , LaRose agreed to kill a resident of Sweden , indictment says She went to Europe in 2009 "  in an effort to complete her task , " Justice Department says LaRose 's former boyfriend says circumstances surrounding her arrest are "  really crazy "
CNN  -- England wicketkeeper Matt Prior will miss the crucial fourth Test against West Indies in Barbados on Thursday after his wife gave birth to their first child , a baby boy . England cricketer Prior dashed from the Caribbean to be with wife Emily following the birth of their first child . Prior rushed home from the Caribbean to be with his wife Emily after hearing the news in the early hours of Monday morning . The Sussex star was due to temporarily quit the tour on March 2 , the due date for the birth , but his premature departure will give reserve wicketkeeper Tim Ambrose the chance to impress . Prior regained his England place from Ambrose after an impressive season with the bat and gloves for his county side Sussex last season . England are 1-0 down in the series after losing the first Test and then failing to secure victory in the third Test in Antigua as West Indies battled to a draw . They are already without injured all-rounder Andrew Flintoff , who has a hip injury and there were doubts over off-spinner Graeme Swann , who has an elbow problem . Meanwhile , respected West Indian umpire Steve Bucknor has announced he will quit officiating in international matches next month . The 62-year-old Jamaican will stand in the third Test between South Africa and Australia starting on March 19 in Cape Town and his last match will be a one-day international between the West Indies and England at Barbados on March 29 . Bucknor has umpired 126 Test matches since 1989 . In cricket action on Monday , Pakistan captain Younis Khan scored a century as his side reached 296 for three wickets against Sri Lanka on the third day of the first Test in Karachi . Khan was unbeaten on 149 at stumps as his team replied to Sri Lanka 's massive 644 for seven declared . Sri Lanka captain Mahela Jayawardene and Thilan Samaraweera both hit double centuries as they notched up a Test record fourth wicket partnership of 437 in their innings .	England wicketkeeper Matt Prior returns home early from West Indies tour Prior 's wife Emily gave birth to their first child , a baby boy , overnight Sunday Pakistan captain Younis Khan hits a century in first Test against Sri Lanka Test umpire Steve Bucknor will quit match officiating at end of next month
CNN  -- Michael Dunn will have to wait another day -- at least -- to learn his fate . He is charged with first-degree murder in the November 2012 death of 17-year-old Jordan Davis , one of four black teenagers who were in an SUV shot by Dunn -- who is white -- in violence that flared from an argument over loud music . The Jacksonsville , Florida , jury in Dunn 's case deliberated all day Friday , only to send a message to the judge shortly before 7 p.m. that they had "  reached a wall for the evening . " In other words , for the second straight day they had n't reached a decision . With that , Judge Russell Healey gave them the OK to head back to their hotel so that they could return for deliberations around 9 a.m. Saturday . "  This is one admirable group , " Healey told the court shortly before dismissing the jury . "  They are clearly taking this thing as seriously as they should . And I could n't be more proud of them for how hard they are working . " This announcement capped a relatively uneventful day Friday , after what had been an emotional and eventful trial . The closest thing to news came shortly before 5 p.m. , when Judge Healey answered a question from the jury : Is it possible to not reach a verdict on one count and reach a verdict on other counts ? To which Healey responded : Yes . Prosecutors contend that Dunn 's firing into the SUV equates to an act of murder . In addition to that count , Dunn also has been charged with three counts of attempted murder . If found guilty , he faces up to life in prison . A "  comprehensive public safety plan " has been established ahead of a verdict in the case , according to the Duval County joint information center handling the Dunn trial . "  All contingencies have been planned for , " the Duval County statement said . "  We will not discuss the specifics of any security plan . We will continue to protect the rights of those who choose to peaceably demonstrate . " Trial draws comparisons to another Florida case The Dunn case has drawn parallels to the trial of George Zimmerman in the killing of teenager Trayvon Martin , which like the current trial had racial overtones and claims of self-defense . Dunn defense attorney Cory Strolla told CNN 's Chris Cuomo on Friday that the Zimmerman and Dunn cases are n't so similar in his mind . There was a physical confrontation between Zimmerman and Martin , and police gave Zimmerman the benefit of the doubt about defending himself , Strolla said . "  My client did not wait to become that victim ; my client did not wait to either get assaulted by a weapon or have someone potentially pull a trigger , " he said . Unlike the Zimmerman case , police rushed to charge Dunn with murder , the defense attorney said . "  They already made up their mind before they even had the evidence basically looked at and put together , " he said . Even though a weapon was never found , Strolla maintains the youths could have had one . Dunn felt threatened and acted to defend himself , he said . "  Now , does it sound irrational ? Of course it sounds irrational . But have you ever been in that situation ? " Strolla said . Jurors on Thursday asked to see surveillance video from the gas station where Dunn shot Davis . The video contains 20 minutes of footage from multiple angles , though a shorter version showing only one angle was slated to be shown in court . In closing arguments Wednesday , prosecutors said inconsistencies between Dunn 's words and actions undermined his assertion he acted in self-defense when he fatally shot the teen . His attorney countered the state failed to prove beyond a reasonable doubt his client was guilty . He pleaded with jurors to find Dunn not guilty . In testimony Tuesday , Dunn said he fired in self-defense after the teen threatened him with a gun . "  My intent was to stop the attack , not necessarily end a life , " he said . "  It just worked out that way . " Defendant says he was ` crazy with grief ' ` There was no gun ' But Assistant State Attorney Erin Wolfson said Wednesday that Dunn 's claims do n't add up . She noted that Dunn fired 10 shots at the SUV , three of them while the car was fleeing . He never took cover -- but instead opened his car door -- even though he would later tell detectives he had seen a weapon , she said . "  There was no gun , " Wolfson told jurors . In addition , she said , he did not tell his fiancee , Rhonda Rouer , that he had seen a weapon until more than a month later . Dunn also left the scene of the shooting , went back to a hotel where they were staying and walked his dog , she said . And he returned the next day to his house -- more than two hours away -- all without calling 911 , Wolfson said . Opinion : Did Florida shooter make his case on the stand ? ` Rap crap ' Dunn has testified he described the music to his fiancee as "  rap crap . " In the parking lot , as the music blared , "  his blood started to boil ; he did n't like the music that was coming out of the car next to him ; he got angrier and angrier , " Wolfson said . Dunn rolled down his window and asked the youths to turn it down , which they did , but then turned it back up , Wolfson said . "  He got angry at the fact that a 17-year-old kid decided not to listen to him , " she said , adding that Dunn then pulled a 9 mm gun out of his glove box and shot "  systematically and methodically " at the SUV . "  Nobody denied that Jordan was talking back . But this defendant took it upon himself to silence Jordan Davis forever . " Dunn testified Tuesday that he saw Davis reach down and pick something up , and that he saw about "  4 inches of a barrel " from a 12 - or 20-gauge shotgun above the window . Opinion : Florida shooter saw black , thought ` threat ' ` You 're not going to kill me ' He muttered aloud to himself , " ` You 're not going to kill me , you son of a bitch , ' " as he opened the glove compartment , grabbed his pistol , dropped the holster at his feet , chambered a round and began firing , he said . Nine of the 10 rounds hit the car , and three of them struck Davis , one of them cutting through his liver , his lung and his aorta . Wolfson rejected Dunn 's assertion he had been trying to de-escalate the situation and he feared for his life . Strolla , the defense attorney , noted that no witnesses had accused Dunn of using any hate words and testified that his client had just come from a wedding , where his ex-wife said he had appeared to be in a good mood . Strolla noted that the SUV departed the gas station after the shooting and was gone for three minutes before it returned , enough time for the youths to have dumped a gun . Detectives did not search the area for days after the shooting , he said . The court has decided not to release the identifications of the jurors , fearing they could be the subject of threats , but a court document shows the jury is made up of four white females , two black females , four white males , an Asian female and a Hispanic male , plus four alternates . CNN 's Tom Watkins and John Couwels contributed to this report .	NEW : Judge dismisses jury for the night ; they 'll resume deliberations Saturday morning Michael Dunn opened fire on 4 teens in an SUV in 2012 , killing 17-year-old Jordan Davis He 's charged with first-degree murder ; if convicted , he faces up to life in prison Dunn claims that he was acting in self-defense
CNN  -- Bob and Mike Bryan won a third Wimbledon men 's doubles champions on Saturday to complete a Golden Slam following their success at last year 's Olympics . The 3-6 6-3 6-4 6-4 win over the 12th seeds Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo means that the American twins now hold all four major titles -- the first male doubles pairing ever to do so in the open era -- and the Olympic title . "  I did n't think anything could feel as sweet as the gold medal , but this one just feels like there 's a cap , a lid , or a ribbon around our career . It 's pretty cool , " Mike Bryan said . "  It 's something we never dreamed of , to try to win four in a row . It 's too hard to dominate in doubles , " he added . "  Maybe we had a little luck involved along the way . We just took one at a time . It just added up . Now we got to try to suit back up for the calendar Slam . I do n't even want to think about that . " The quest for the Golden Slam did n't get off to the best start with Dodig and Melo racing into a 4-0 lead , before finally taking the first set 6-3 . But the Bryans found their form early in the second , breaking the Dodig serve in the second game before taking the set 6-3 . A solitary break of serve was all that was needed in the remaining two sets with the Bryan 's eventually easing to victory in one hour 58 minutes . The win takes the brothers ' tally of tour titles to nine for the season and a career total of 91 . In the women 's doubles final , eighth seeds Su-Wei Hsieh and Shuai Peng beat the 12th seeds Ashleigh Barty and Casey Dellacqua of Australia 7-6 6-1 .	Record-breaking brothers win third Wimbledon doubles title to capture Golden Slam Brothers now hold all four major doubles titles and the Olympic title Four-set win over 12th seeds Dodig and Melo is 91st tour victory of careers Su-Wei Hsieh and Shuai Peng win women 's doubles title
CNN  -- Over the past few months , newspapers , websites and cable news programs have implied 2010 would be a year of remarkable progress for women in politics . With a record number of women running for the U.S. House  138  and U.S. Senate  15  , pundits , pollsters and politicians assumed it was the dawn of a new day , one in which Democrats and Republicans understood the importance of electing women . High-profile female candidates , many with interesting personal stories and personality traits , fostered the speculation that 2010 might very well be another "  Year of the Woman . " But it was n't . In fact , Wednesday morning 's headlines did not even mention women . Obviously , Democratic losses and Republican 's ascent correctly took center stage . But some important points about women in politics slipped through the cracks . First and foremost , for the first time in 30 years , the number of women serving in the U.S. House of Representatives will likely decrease . A few contests remain too close to call . Democratic incumbents Melissa Bean and Gabrielle Giffords are fighting to hold onto their seats . Republican challengers Ann Buerkle and Ruth McClung are trailing by only a few thousand votes to the male incumbents they hope to unseat . But only if women win all of these races  an unlikely scenario  will the total number of women serving in the House hold steady at 73 . The story in the U.S. Senate is similar . Depending on the outcome of Lisa Murkowski 's write-in bid in Alaska , women will either continue to occupy 17 seats or they will drop to 16 . Therefore , the best-case scenario for women 's overall representation is they will continue to comprise 17 percent of Congress . Second , a net loss of women in Congress was a likely outcome heading into election night . We just did not seem to talk much about it . In an election cycle in which women competed for fewer than one-third of the 435 seats at stake in the House and only 15 seats in the Senate , substantial or even incremental gains for women were almost impossible . And because 77 percent of the women in the House and Senate were Democrats , women were in a particularly precarious position as they faced an anti-Democratic , anti-establishment electorate . The election results are consistent with what the political landscape portended . In the House , at least nine female Democratic incumbents lost their races . That number may climb to 11 when the votes are fully tallied . Only one out of 28 female Democratic challengers knocked off a Republican incumbent . And six of the nine Democratic women running in open seats lost their bids . Democratic women held four of their five seats in the Senate , although no female Democratic challengers or open-seat candidates won . Importantly , Democratic women fared no worse than their male Democratic counterparts ; of course , their male Democratic counterparts did not fare well . The only way to compensate for these losses would have been with substantial increases of women in the House and Senate on the Republican side of the aisle . That did not happen . The National Republican Congressional Committee ran women in only three of the 30 races that presented the best opportunities to gain seats . So even though all 15 female Republican incumbents who sought re-election won and even with victories by six Republican women challengers and two Republican women competing in open-seat contests , the opportunity for gains was minimal . Republican women will continue to comprise just 9 percent of their caucus in the new Congress . Third , the loss of Democratic control in the House is especially detrimental for women because opportunities for leadership positions are based on seniority . Not only will Nancy Pelosi no longer be speaker of the House , but Louise Slaughter , Nydia Velazquez and Zoe Lofgren will also no longer serve as committee chairs . Early reports of the new Republican leadership include no women 's names . I do not want to minimize that last night 's elections resulted in an increase of the total number of Republican women in Congress . And I have no interest in detracting attention from the successes several women saw last night . Nikki Haley , for instance , became South Carolina 's first female governor . Susana Martinez 's win in the New Mexico gubernatorial race means that she will be the first Latina ever to occupy a governor 's mansion . Cases such as these , however , are few and far between . Focusing on those wins obscures the reality that 2010 did not represent another "  Year of the Woman . " It likely moved us backward on the path to gender parity . The opinion expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jennifer Lawless .	Jennifer Lawless : Number of female candidates made 2010 seem like big year for women But when vote count is over , number will likely stay right where it is , she says She says shift in House pushed Democrat women out of leadership positions Lawless : Women winning governor races significant , but not same as overall gains
CNN  Just weeks after Marvel 's "  Daredevil " premiered its first season on Netflix , the company confirmed Tuesday that a second season will be coming in 2016 . The show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock  played by Charlie Cox  , who was blinded as a child , as he fights injustice by day using the law . By night , he continues the fight , becoming the superhero Daredevil and using his powers to protect the New York neighborhood of Hell 's Kitchen . It 's gotten rave reviews . "  With tight adherence to its source material 's history , high production quality , and a no-nonsense dramatic flair , Daredevil excels as an effective superhero origin story , a gritty procedural , and an exciting action adventure , " says review site Rotten Tomatoes . Netflix 's ` Daredevil ' has arrived : What 's the verdict ? A Marvel Television and ABC Studios production , the show also stars Rosario Dawson , Vincent D'Onofrio and Deborah Ann Woll . "  Daredevil " is just one of four series that the Disney-owned Marvel has committed to airing on Netflix . Expect to see Avengers characters "  Jessica Jones , " "  Iron Fist " and "  Luke Cage " in their own upcoming series , leading into "  The Defenders " miniseries programming event .	The critically acclaimed "  Daredevil " will be back for season 2 Charlie Cox plays a blind attorney by day who is a superhero by night
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Jennifer Thomas was looking at life with renewed energy : She had just survived a serious operation , and she was at a crossroads in her career . After 20 years as a producer in the stressful business of TV news , the challenge was n't there for her anymore . For eight weeks , as she recovered from the removal of a large noncancerous tumor from her uterus , Thomas thought about her next steps . "  I told myself I was going to work to do the things that I enjoy , things that are related to the news , " she said . Thomas had recently conducted news production workshops for kids , so she already knew that she "  loved people and talking to people about the news . That made me start thinking that if I could do it all the time and get paid for it , I 'd really enjoy it . " Within a year , Thomas had left her job at CNN 's HLN network to start a Georgia-based media consulting business with clients such as singer/actress Jennifer Holliday , former Bell Biv DeVoe singer Ron DeVoe , actor Boris Kodjoe , actress Nicole Ari Parker and former supermodel Beverly Johnson . During her journey , Thomas learned that working for yourself often requires scary first steps , generous friends and mentors , and maintaining a healthy work-life balance . She 's the first to say that her story is not typical in any way , as she seemed to meet good luck at every turn . After her surgery , Thomas , who also had worked at CNN and NBC , began saving money and planning her business . As if on cue , HLN offered her a buyout to leave the company as part of a downsizing . "  It was my light bulb ` a-ha ' moment , " Thomas said . "  I was excited because in the back of my mind , it was what I had been praying for . " An opportunity to write a blog for a popular local women 's magazine got her some local attention . A journalist friend e-mailed Thomas , saying that he had connected with Johnson and suggesting that they meet . "  She called out of the blue , " Thomas said . " ` Hi , Jennifer ! It 's Beverly -- the model ! ' I was shocked . " Johnson needed no introduction . Thomas was very familiar with the first African-American model to win a cover on American Vogue magazine . In that year , 1974 , Thomas said Johnson 's beauty and status spoke volumes to her as a role model . "  When she called , I was like , ` shut up ! ' We were all like , ` no way ! ' I did n't think anything would come from it , but eventually , she said she would love to be my client . " Thomas made short work of helping Johnson successfully pitch her women 's health campaign to CNN , NBC and ABC . "  It was huge for me , " Thomas said . "  It showed me that the skills I may have taken for granted were very valuable to others . Here I was doing what just came natural to me -- working with the media -- and I 'm helping an iconic figure . It gave me such a feeling of gratification , and it gave me so much more confidence . " But snagging Johnson as her first client was n't easy . She had to start with smaller steps -- and the first step was a doozy : dealing with the fear . "  For me , it was fear of failure , " she said . "  Anyone who has worked with me knows I am driven to succeed , and failure is not an option . " "  But I 'm a woman of faith , " said Thomas , a preacher 's daughter with strong ties to her church . "  Friends told me that ` faith will give you the wings to fly when you jump off that cliff . ' " One way new consultants can boost their confidence is by compiling a list of experience and skills they 've gained during the past five years -- including successful projects , implementations and innovations . Experts recommend referring to that list whenever confidence dips . Thomas said she chose an area of consulting that was based on what she enjoys . "  Ask yourself , ` What would I do if I had to work for free ? ' " she says . Another tip : Find a mentor . "  Identify someone who 's successful and ask for practical advice , " she says . "  I found my mentor at my church . " Set aside time and money for a vacation , and guard it like gold , Thomas advises . Also , she says , determine how much income you need to stay afloat each month , and focus on that target like a laser . To be safe , experts advise aspiring consultants to start small , as a side business , while continuing to work elsewhere full time . But during a recession , keeping a full-time job and easing into consulting work is n't always possible . Unemployment has prompted many experienced professionals to launch consultant operations simply to survive . "  With the way the market has gone recently , there 's no shortage of people who are now saying that they 're consultants -- and many of them are not qualified to be consultants , " said Les Rubenovitch , president of Toronto-based Winning Edge Consultants Inc. "  Working for a company as an employee is very different from working for a company as a consultant . The credibility factor is critical if someone is going to engage you . " Those looking to quickly build credibility or credentials to accompany work experience may consider offering to do speaking engagements at a local college or university . Thomas showed her initiative by teaching herself to organize and lead an online seminar -- a Webinar -- aimed at showing doctors how to better communicate on TV . Financial planning is key to the success of a new consultant operation , according to experts . Thomas set aside savings to live on during the initial phase of her business . It took well into her first year for her business income to fully support her , Thomas says . That 's better than most new consultant businesses , experts say . It 's not unusual for new consultant businesses to take three years to make a profit . Thomas says she 's still not making as much money as she did in TV news , but she expects to reach that mark this year . She works about the same number of hours now as she did as a journalist -- about 40 per week , if not more . "  The big difference is , the hours are n't straight through -- they vary . " That 's not to say that Thomas has n't made mistakes . "  Do n't assume that things will come right away , " she advises . "  Realize that the opportunities that come to you may not be in the form of money -- but they 're still valuable . " Also worth keeping in mind : Do n't overwork yourself . "  I 'm still learning this , " Thomas said . "  I jumped in with both feet in the fire . Do n't burn yourself out . " If she were launching her business all over again , she says , she would build more "  me " time into her schedule . "  I may take a day at the beginning of the week where I do n't take clients and do paperwork -- or I just get a massage . " What 's the best thing about being your own boss ? Thomas laughs sheepishly . "  I can sleep in if I want to -- and schedule an appointment for lunch instead of early morning . "	Journalist leaves TV to launch consulting business Clients include Beverly Johnson , Boris Kodjoe , Nicole Ari Parker , Ron DeVoe , Jennifer Holliday Her tips : Love your work , save money , find mentors , set goals , take breaks Expert : Unemployment has increased number of less-than-qualified consultants
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Spain 's best-known judge , Baltasar Garzon , went on trial Tuesday in Madrid accused of abusing his judicial authority in an investigation into financial corruption . The trial before a seven-judge panel at Spain 's Supreme Court began Tuesday morning and if convicted , Garzon , who was suspended in 2010 pending the trial , would not go to jail but could lose his right permanently to be a judge in Spain . The trial in the so-called Gurtel financial and political corruption case is just the first of two trials against Garzon . Next week , a case that many legal experts say is the more important one , accuses Garzon again of overstepping his legal authority while investigating human rights abuses under the former dictatorship of Spain 's Francisco Franco . Garzon became known internationally in 1998 when he sought the extradition of former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet , who was in a London hospital . Garzon accused him of the murder of Spaniards in Chile and of crimes of genocide . Garzon said in May 2010 , at the time of suspension from his post as investigating magistrate at the National Court , "  I face this calmly , with the tranquility of knowing that I am innocent of these charges . " In both trials , Spanish prosecutors have asked that all charges be dropped against Garzon . But , under Spanish law , a private prosecution is also allowed and it is the lawyers for these parties that are pressing the charges against Garzon , judicial authorities and Garzon 's lawyers said . In the financial corruption case that Garzon was investigating , and which still has ongoing trials against defendants in various parts of Spain , Garzon ordered wiretaps against some defendants being held in jail , and some of their conversations were with their lawyers . These lawyers later filed charges against Garzon , saying he had overstepped his judicial authority in ordering the wiretaps and also violated their constitutional rights . Garzon later said that if he planned to investigate the defense lawyers themselves , he would have done so , but that the wiretaps were due to suspicions that the defendants in the corruption scandal were moving funds even while they were in preventative prison . The trial is expected to open with preliminary questions , and if there are no major delays , Garzon might testify on Tuesday . It is due to last three days , a Supreme Court spokesman said Tuesday . The case next week involves alleged abuse of judicial power against Garzon while investigating mass graves under the Franco regime , some of which are still being dug up in Spain . A small civil servants union called Manos Limpias , or Clean Hands , brought charges against Garzon in the Franco case , saying the he ignored a 1977 amnesty law approved by Spanish parliament , two years after Franco 's death . "  Parliament unanimously approved the amnesty law . Judge Baltasar Garzon takes a stance as if they 're crazy . What does he think ? That he 's better than them , " said Miguel Bernard , leader of Manos Limpias . Bernard denies critics ' charges that his group is a tiny far-right front , but he told CNN he was proud to receive an honor just last month from the Francisco Franco Foundation . Outside the ornate 18th century Supreme Court building , a demonstration in favor of Garzon occurred Tuesday at the door where court officials entered . Human rights groups have been closely following the cases against Garzon . "  It is very ironic that Garzon , who has become a symbol internationally of justice , should be prosecuted at home for the very things that he became a hero for around the world and in Latin America in particular , " Reed Brody , of Human Rights Watch , told CNN recently . Garzon , 56 , spent 22 years as an investigating magistrate at the National Court , which handles cases of terrorism and other delicate cases . He has investigated the late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , the Basque terrorist group ETA , and drug traffickers . At times in the past , Garzon has been considered a darling of the Spanish right or the Spanish left , depending on the cases he was investigating . His critics say he is too flamboyant , always too willing to speak in front of the cameras . Since his suspension in 2010 , Garzon has been working as a legal adviser outside of Spain on human rights cases and judicial issues , including in Latin America . A third case against Garzon , for alleged improprieties in organizing some courses at New York University that had major Spanish corporations as sponsors , is still in the investigation phase and not trial date has been set . In that case as well , Spanish prosecutors have not pressed charges but private prosecution has .	Garzon is known for going after former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet and Osama bin Laden He was suspended in 2010 as a judge pending the trial He is accused of overstepping his legal authority in several investigations "  I face this calmly , with the tranquility of knowing that I am innocent , " Garzon said
CNN  -- The reaction to the death of 23-year-old baseball player Christopher Lane has been swift and far-reaching , stretching from America 's heartland to his home in Australia . Lane was gunned down in Duncan , Oklahoma , while he was out jogging last week . Three teenagers have been charged as adults in his killing . In Ada , Oklahoma , Lane was remembered as a popular athlete , well-liked by classmates and considered a model student by professors . "  Chris exemplified what a student-athlete is all about , " said East Central University President John R. Hargrave in a statement Wednesday . "  We will miss Chris , not only for his presence , but the impact he has made on fellow students and athletes . " ` Senseless ' shooting sparks call for U.S. boycott People who never met him have turned to social media and the Internet to share their feelings of the tragedy . The emotions range from shock and sadness to rage and disbelief . That range of emotion is palpable on a website created to raise money for Christopher 's family to fly to the United States and take his body back to Australia . The goal of the "  Christopher Lane Fund " was to collect $ 15,000 . The total now exceeds $ 60,000 . Some of the donations are accompanied by statements shared on the site . "  As a citizen of the United States , I am saddened , embarrassed , and appalled by the unconscionable act that took Christopher 's life , " wrote one contributor , Judy Harless . "  I pray for your family , and Christopher , in the hopes that you may find peace after this tragedy . I also pray for our leaders that they find the strength and morality to implement gun laws that prevent such senseless acts and , lastly , for our youth who do not value life , are devoid of compassion , and have no humanity . " Another contributor , Richard Kimpel , put the blame for the "  senseless tragedy " on "  a society that allows so many young boys to grow up without being taught respect for life . I am so so sorry for your loss . Please find some comfort in knowing that he is in good company with the Lord now . " People have also turned to Twitter to express their feelings , including Los Angeles Dodgers player Peter Moylan . An Australian , Moylan tweeted : "  Tonight I continued my dream of playing pro baseball , a dream that was stolen from Chris Lane by 3 cowards . " Lane loved the game of baseball , but he was planning on earning a degree in finance and starting a real estate business with his family . "  Chris was talented enough to play baseball , but he used that as a pathway to a collegiate education , " said ECU Director of Athletics Jeff Williams on Wednesday . Sam Malchar , who was Christopher 's teammate at the university , remembered his charm . "  The first thing that you would notice about Chris was his strong Australian accent , which would just draw people toward him , especially in Oklahoma where most people have never heard it other than in the movies , " he said in a statement . "  But there were a lot more reasons to talk to him than just an accent . You wanted to talk to him because he was the kind of guy who you could tell anything , one of those people you just loved to be around . He was a very witty and lighthearted guy , always able to lighten up the mood . "  Not a lot of people would move halfway around the world to get an education and build a better life , but he did . Chris was a charming guy , a genuinely good person , with great character and had a love for life , " he said . "  Chris was the kind of guy you want your sons to grow up to be and that you want your daughters to marry . It just breaks my heart knowing how much more he could have brought to this world as a husband , father , son , brother and friend . "	Christopher Lane gunned down in Duncan , Oklahoma , while he was out jogging last week Three teenagers have been charged as adults in the killing of Lane who was Australian "  Chris exemplified what a student-athlete is all about , " says school president
FIFA president Sepp Blatter has confirmed that world football 's governing body will donate $ 250,000 to the families of those people killed in last week 's football riots in Egypt . More than 70 people lost their lives after violence erupted at the end of a match between Al Masry and Al Ahly in Port Said . A bank account has been set up by Al Ahly to help support families who lost loved ones , with Blatter appealing to the world of football to show their support for the north African nation . Bradley - Egyptian players need time to heal Blatter said in a statement : "  I stated after the tragedy that this day was a black day for football . "  I 'm still very shocked by what happened . Many of the victims were so young and they were also a crucial support for their families , who now need help . " Blatter added : "  The football community , including FIFA , must assist its Egyptian brothers and sisters . " Security forces were criticized by many supporters for their apparent lack of urgency as the riots unfolded . This resulted in further clashes over two days between protesters and Egyptian police , which saw a further 12 poeple killed . The violence also reignited demands for Egypt 's military-led government to make reforms and improve security .	FIFA president Sepp Blatter has called on the football community to rally around Egypt Blatter also reveals FIFA will donate $ 250,000 to the families of recent football riot victims Over 70 people were killed following the match between Al Masry and Al Ahly in Port Said
CNN  -- The lifestyle choices you make today directly impact your brain health as you age . So what are the best foods to keep your brain sharp ? How does exercise help prevent cognitive decline ? Do memory games really help ? Are we any closer to finding a test to detect Alzheimer 's disease early ? And is there anything you can do to slow it down ? How can you turn your brain into a super brain ? CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta has spent his career traveling the globe researching and reporting on how to keep your brain sharp . He also happens to be a brain surgeon ! Gupta performs surgery every week and serves as the associate chief of neurosurgery at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta . What questions do you have about brain health ? Now is your chance to #AskSanjay . Leave your questions in the comments below or ask him directly on Twitter on Wednesday at 2:30 p.m. ET . What : LIVE twitter chat with CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta When : Wednesday , June 19 , from 2:30 to 3 p.m. ET Tweet : @CNNHealth Hashtag : #AskSanjay Hope to see you there !	Join Dr. Sanjay Gupta for a LIVE Twitter chat on Wednesday at 2:30 p.m. ET Use the hashtag #AskSanjay to join in on the conversation Submit your questions in the comments below and Gupta will pick his favorites
CNN  -- The Supreme Court kicked its new term Monday , holding oral arguments and welcoming back a former colleague . The justices by law and tradition resumed their public sessions on the first Monday in October , after a three-month recess . They heard a pair of separate appeals dealing with age discriminations claims , and the legal fallout from a major investor "  Ponzi " scheme by Texas financier Allen Stanford . Watching from the special visitor 's gallery was Sandra Day O'Connor , who served on the court from 1981-2006 . She maintains small chambers in the building and usually attends several oral arguments each term -- as an observer only . The court also issued a massive orders list , disposing of more than 2,100 pending appeals that had been piling up over the summer . Among the cases the justices rejected for review : Argentina v. NML Capital , Ltd.  12-1494  - Whether Argentina broke a contractual promise to treat all bondholders equally , as it faced repayments from its 2001 default on the national debt . The South American nation and some hedge funds have been battling for years in court over the refusal of some investors to accept two debt restructuring offers . Federal courts had said Argentina could not settle its sovereign debt obligations until it also paid the holdouts . The high court 's refusal to intervene now does not preclude a future appeal , as the case moves forward in the lower courts . Big Sky Colony , Inc. v. Montana Department of Labor and Industry  12-1191  - Whether a religious group can claim an exemption to provide workman 's compensation insurance to its members . The Hutterite Christian community of farmers holds all possessions in common and have limited contact with the larger society . Al-Marri v. Berkebile  13-105  - A former "  enemy combatant " held by the United States again asked the court to answer whether a civilian arrested in the United States could be held indefinitely in military custody -- without charges . After his 2001 arrest in Illinois , Qatari native and graduate student Ali Saleh Kahlah al-Marri was held for years at a Navy brig north of Charleston , South Carolina . He was accused , but never charged , with being an al-Qaeda "  sleeper agent . " His lawyers challenged his continued incarceration . The issue now was whether al-Marri can relitigate his claims as he sits in a federal prison . Jeffries v. U.S.  12-1185  - Challenge over what constitutes a "  threat . " Franklin Delano Jeffries II was involved a decade-long custody dispute with his ex-wife . On the eve of a court hearing , he uploaded a YouTube video where he sang his composition , "  Daughter 's Love " and went off on tirades : "  And when I come to court this better be the last time . I 'm not kidding at all , I 'm making this video public . 'Cause if I have to kill a judge or a lawyer or a woman I do n't care . Take my child and I 'll take your life . I 'm not kidding , judge , you better listen to me . " He was later convicted of making threats to a public official . In re Warren Hill  12-10469  - Lawyers for a Georgia death row inmate had asked the high court to hears claims of his mental retardation . The original Writ of Habeas Corpus was unusual , bypassing lower court review with a direct appeal to the justices . His supporters claim Hill 's IQ is only 70 , making him ineligible for lethal injection . His planned executions in February and July were stayed at the last moment . Hill was convicted of the 1986 murder of his girlfriend , who was shot 11 times . He was then given a death sentence four years later , after fatally beating a fellow inmate with a nail-studded board as the victim slept .	Supreme Court resumes its work after a three-month recess Former Justice Sandra Day O'Connor returned to hear first-day argument Court also disposed of more than 2,100 appeals that had piled up over the summer
Jerusalem  CNN  -- An Israeli soldier faces a manslaughter charge in the death of a Palestinian waving a white flag during a three-week incursion into Gaza , the Israeli military said Tuesday . The criminal indictment is one of three legal actions taken by the Israeli military for incidents that occurred during Operation Cast Lead . More than 1,100 Palestinians died during the operation , which began late in 2008 and ended early in 2009 . It was intended to halt the firing of missiles from Gaza into Israel . The manslaughter charge was filed after an investigation into the shooting , the Israel Defense Forces said in a news release . "  This decision is based on evidence that the soldier , who was serving as a designated marksman , deliberately targeted an individual walking with a group of people waving a white flag without being ordered or authorized to do so , " the IDF said . Conflict between the testimonies of Palestinian witnesses and military personnel made it "  impossible to make a criminal connection " between this incident and an incident described by those Palestinian witnesses in which Israeli soldiers allegedly fired at people waving white flags , the IDF said . In another incident , a battalion commander authorized sending a Palestinian man into a house sheltering terrorists next to his own house in order to persuade them to leave , the news release said . The commander was indicted "  because he deviated from authorized and appropriate IDF behavior " and ignored rules on the use of civilians in military operations , it said . But the release did not appear to say what charges he faces , and the IDF did not immediately respond to an e-mail seeking clarification . Tuesday 's news release also said a criminal investigation has been ordered into an incident in which a residence holding about 100 members of a family was struck from the air . In a separate case , an investigation into an assertion that the Ibrahim Al-Makadma mosque had been attacked concluded that that did not happen , but that an aerial strike near the mosque had occurred . "  The aerial strike targeted a terror operative involved in the launching of rockets toward Israel who was standing outside of the mosque , " the news release said . "  Injuries caused to civilians inside were unintentional and caused by shrapnel that penetrated the mosque . " But the investigation concluded that the officer who ordered the attack had "  failed to exercise appropriate judgment " and , as a result , will not be allowed to serve in similar positions of command . Legal measures were deemed unnecessary , however . "  The military advocate general decided that the attack did not violate international laws of warfare because the attack did not target the mosque , rather it targeted a terror operative , and when the attack was authorized , no possibility of harming civilians was identified , " it said . Israeli investigators looked into more than 150 reports and conducted nearly 50 probes of incidents during Operation Cast Lead . Earlier this year , the Israeli military disciplined two officers -- a brigadier general and a colonel -- for allowing artillery shells to be fired into a populated area of Gaza . But Palestinians said Israel 's actions were unsatisfactory . "  I think Israel should take all responsibility for all the war crimes that it is responsible for during its unjustified war in Gaza , and what they just announced is too little too late , " Palestinian spokesman Ghassan Khatib told CNN . The IDF news release said that Israel carried out the operation after enduring eight years of rocket attacks from Gaza . Israel , it said , had "  practiced a policy of restraint for a long period of time . " It accused the Palestinian movement Hamas of terrorizing the population and said the crowded urban centers of Gaza created a complex security situation . More than 1,400 Palestinians died in Israel 's incursion , according to officials in Gaza . The Israeli military said 1,166 people were killed , 60 percent of whom were "  terror operatives . " The 575-page Goldstone report -- approved by the U.N. Council for Human Rights in 2009 -- accused both Israel and Hamas of "  actions amounting to war crimes , possibly crimes against humanity " during the three-week offensive that ended in January 2009 . The report , known for its author , South African jurist Richard Goldstone , called on both Israel and Hamas to independently investigate the alleged human rights violations cited in the report .	Evidence indicates that a Palestinian waving white flag was shot and killed A battalion commander was indicted in a separate incident Israeli Defense Forces looked into more than 150 incidents involving rules of engagement A U.N.-backed report urged probes into possible crimes against humanity
TBILISI , Georgia  CNN  -- The leaders of a former Eastern Bloc nation and four former Soviet republics showed support for Georgia in its conflict with Russia at a massive rally in Georgia 's capital Tuesday night . The leaders of five nations stand on stage with Georgia 's president during a rally in Tbilisi . The presidents ' appearances came shortly before France 's leader announced that Georgia had accepted a Russian-French plan to end the conflict . Thousands cheered as the presidents of Poland , Ukraine , Lithuania , Latvia , and Estonia stood with Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili at a rally in Tbilisi , Georgia , late Tuesday . Like the latter four , Georgia is a former Soviet republic . At the rally , Saakashvili said the countries represented "  the new Europe , " and said Russia was trying to occupy "  a real European country " when fighting started last week . The European Union and the United States have accused Russia of infringing on Georgia 's sovereignty . At the rally , Estonia 's president , Toomas Ilves , said that "  if you do not believe in freedom and democracy , you do n't belong in Europe . " "  It 's only you people who believe in democracy and freedom that belong in Europe , " Ilves said . Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations , Vitaly Churkin , dismissed the presidents ' appearance at the rally as "  rhetoric . " Churkin offered harsh words for Saakashvili , calling him an "  inadequate " leader . "  I think Georgian authorities must put an end to the rhetoric and get back to serious business , " Churkin told CNN , referring to a six-point plan announced by the Russian and French presidents earlier in the day that aims to settle the conflict over Georgia 's separatist territories . Later , French President Nikolas Sarkozy said Saakashvili had agreed to the plan , in which Russia would agree to conclude military operations , return its armed forces to the line preceding last week 's start of the conflict and not use force again in Georgia . The plan stops short of specifically addressing the issue of Georgia 's sovereignty and territorial integrity . Asked on CNN 's "  Situation Room " whether Moscow wants Saakashvili removed from Georgia , Churkin replied , "  It is our recommendation . " "  He has performed some horrific acts toward the people of South Ossetia , some major crimes against humanity have been committed which have been qualified as genocide and ethnic cleansing . It would be good for everybody -- him , his country and the international community -- for him to go . " But , Churkin added , "  We are not going to deal with him directly . " Violence has raged since Thursday , when Georgia launched a crackdown on separatist fighters in autonomous South Ossetia , where most people have long supported independence . Russia , which supports the separatists , responded Friday , sending tanks across its border into South Ossetia . The conflict quickly spread to parts of Georgia and to Abkhazia , another separatist region . Saakashvili accused Russia of provoking the war to justify a full-scale invasion of the former Soviet state . The Russians said Saakashvili attacked first in an attempt to gain control of South Ossetia . Hours before appearing with the five presidents Tuesday , Saakashvili made a separate address to the tens of thousands of people rallying in front of the parliament building in Tbilisi . Waving above the crowd during the rally were dozens of flags : red-and-white Georgian ones ; a few red , blue and-orange striped banners of Armenia ; and at least two American flags . Banners reading "  Stop Russia ! " were seen in the crowd as well as others showing a picture of a tank with a red X through it that said , "  Free us from Russian war . " Watch President Saakashvili 's address " Another said , "  Soldiers ! The whole Georgia is with you ! " One person held a poster of the Russian flag with a Nazi swastika imposed on it . Watch Georgians rally in the capital " "  This is the nation of Georgia and , you , all Europeans see that we do n't surrender . ... If you want to learn something about freedom , come to Georgia . Long live Georgia , " one speaker said .	NEW : Five countries ' leaders stand with Georgian president at rally NEW : Russian diplomat dismisses appearances as "  rhetoric " NEW : Shortly after rally , France announces Georgia has agreed to peace plan Tens of thousands wave banners , cheer in front of parliament in Tbilisi
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic has pulled out of the hometown tennis tournament run by his family , following the devastating death of his grandfather . The world No. 1 said he was too emotionally drained to defend his Serbia Open title next week after losing his grandfather Vladimir last Thursday . The 24-year-old , who has won two out of the three tournaments held in Belgrade , made the difficult decision not to defend his title after consulting with family . "  I will take some time , try to restore my emotional energy , " he said . "  This is certainly one of the toughest decisions in my career , but it is impossible for me to play in the next few days and to think about tennis , when there are some other things in my head . " Djokovic : My late grandfather is with me in spirit The clay-court tournament , to be held from April 30 to May 6 , was founded by Djokovic 's family in 2009 . They purchased the ATP Tour license from the Dutch Open and worked hard to gain government support for the country 's first professional tennis tournament , which is run by Djokovic 's uncle Goran . Novak won the Belgrade event in its opening year and says on his website it is the most cherished title in a stellar career that now includes five grand slam wins . He will take a breather from competing for the first time since hearing the news of his grandfather 's death , having suffered a brutal straight-sets defeat to Rafael Nadal in the final of the Monte Carlo Masters on Sunday . The Spaniard claimed his eighth straight title at the tournament , ending a run of seven defeats in finals to the man who replaced him at the top of the world rankings , including January 's record-breaking six-hour epic at the Australian Open . Djokovic is expected to defend his title at the Madrid Open next month ahead of the second grand slam of the season in Paris .	Devastated Novak Djokovic pulls out of hometown Serbia Open after grandfather 's death Reigning champ admits he is too emotionally drained to compete in family-run event Serbia Open "  most cherished " title after launch by Djokovic family in 2009 Emerges fresh from brutal defeat to Rafael Nadal at Monte Carlo Masters last week
CNN  -- They are public school employees who have been holding down multiple jobs . Now that they 've won tens of millions of dollars in a historic lottery , they could stop . But instead , the self-declared "  Three Amigos , " who share a winning Mega Millions ticket , plan to keep their fortune a secret -- and keep working . "  If it ca n't be you , these are precisely the people that you would want to see win the lottery , " said Stephen Martino , director of the Maryland Lottery , announcing Tuesday that the holders of the ticket purchased in Maryland had come forward . Because the state allows winners to remain anonymous , their students and co-workers may never know . Each of the three will get $ 35 million after taxes , because they chose to take the lump sum rather than annual payments . Three winning tickets were sold nationally in the March 30 drawing , which had a record $ 656 million pre-tax payout . Besides the Maryland ticket , another winning ticket was sold in Kansas , and the third in Illinois . The Kansas winner came forward last week , but chose to remain anonymous . In Illinois , no winner has come forward , but the ticket holder has a year to do so . The state does not allow winners to remain anonymous . The winners in Maryland are a woman in her 20s , a man in his 40s , and a woman in her 50s , Martino said . They are an elementary school teacher , a special education teacher , and an administrative worker . The night of the drawing , one of the winners went to sleep and had forgotten about the lottery , she said in a statement . "  It was around 11:30 p.m. , and my phone just kept ringing and ringing . " It was the two other winners calling to say , "  Get dressed . We 're coming over right now . " The three made a plan . They signed copies of the ticket , and one of the winners took the ticket to her mother 's house to put in her safe . When they came to claim their portion of the jackpot , all were "  modest " and "  humbled , " Martino said . One wants to take a backpacking trip through Europe with her brother ; another wants to pay for his daughters ' college educations and buy his sister a house ; the third wants to tour Italy 's wine country , Martino said . All plan to invest money and purchase new homes as well . "  Most importantly , " one winner said in the statement , "  we 're going to be careful with how the money is spent . I watched coverage of the jackpot win on television all week , just so I could listen to the financial advice the professionals were offering . " One of the winners holds two full-time jobs , Martino said . One of the teachers holds two other jobs . In conversations with lottery officials , the teachers indicated no desire to retire , he said . "  They said , ' I ca n't give up my kids , ' " he said . This was the first time the three had bought lottery tickets together . Each contributed $ 20 for a total of 60 tickets . One played the lottery frequently ; another played just occasionally ; the third only played on rare occasions when the jackpot got particularly high , Martino said . When they came to the lottery office , a financial adviser was with them -- and one of the winners carried the ticket in an envelope in her purse , Martino said . "  It 's so crazy that even celebrities are tweeting about this , " one of the winners said in the statement . News reports about another possible winner were not accurate , Martino said . The winning ticket was sold at a 7-Eleven in Milford Mill , the lottery said . The retailer gets $ 100,000 for selling the winning ticket . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : One of the winners had gone to sleep and forgotten about the drawing NEW : "  We 're going to be careful with how the money is spent , " one winner said The three will each get $ 35 million as a lump sum after taxes Three winning tickets were purchased in Kansas , Maryland and Illinois
CNN  -- A group of killer whales that had been trapped beneath ice and in danger of dying in Canada 's Hudson Bay have not been seen Thursday , authorities said . Inukjuak Town Manager Johnny Williams said shifting wind patterns overnight allowed the ice to break as the 11 whales struggled to stay alive . The orcas had been confined to a space of about 30 feet by 30 feet . They were last seen Wednesday afternoon , according to Williams . "  The plane flew over where the whales ought to be , but they did n't find them , " Williams told CNN , indicating the whales were no longer near the town . Williams said emergency crews redrew plans for deployment . "  We 're in a stand-down mode , but we 're still ready to go if needed , " said Ray Lee , the president of Kasco Marine , which helped save whales in a celebrated rescue in 1988 . In that incident , three gray whales were trapped in ice near Barrow , Alaska . The story made national news for several nights and was the inspiration for the 2012 film "  Big Miracle . " Two of the three whales made it to open water after rescuers used chainsaws and deicers from a Wisconsin company to create more breathing holes , and a Soviet icebreaker cleared a path through the thickest ice . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Orcas had been confined to a space of about 30 feet by 30 feet An Inukjuak town manager says shifting wind patterns overnight allowed the ice to break The incident is reminiscent of a 1988 rescue of 3 gray whales that were trapped near Alaska The story made national news and was the inspiration for the 2012 film "  Big Miracle "
CNN  -- Libya 's transitional government would prefer to try former leader Moammar Gadhafi 's son Saif al-Islam in a Libyan court despite an arrest warrant issued for him by the International Criminal Court , a spokesman said Sunday . The court 's chief prosecutor said Friday it was having "  informal conversations " about the surrender of Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , who is wanted for crimes against humanity . But Luis Moreno-Ocampo said the court did not know his whereabouts and would not reveal with whom the court is talking . Saif al-Islam Gadhafi has realized there is no escape , and wants to negotiate a surrender to limit the damage , said Anees al-Sharif , spokesman for the National Transitional Council 's Tripoli Military Council . But , he said , if the younger Gadhafi is captured in Libya , he will be tried there , as his alleged crimes were committed on Libyan soil . If he is captured outside Libya , the location of his trial will depend on where he is captured because of the ICC arrest warrants , he said . However , the NTC would prefer to try Saif al-Islam Gadhafi in a Libyan court , as it would like to show that he could receive a fair trial , he said . Moreno-Ocampo said Friday that if Saif al-Islam Gadhafi is brought before the ICC , he will "  have all the rights and be protected , " and will be allowed to present a defense . "  We believe we have a strong case , " the prosecutor told CNN in an exclusive interview from The Hague . "  We believe he should be convicted . " The court believes Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , along with his father and his brother-in-law , Abdulla al-Sanussi , are responsible for crimes against humanity including murder and persecution across the country beginning in February amid anti-government demonstrations , Moreno-Ocampo said . Al-Sanussi served as the head of intelligence for Moammar Gadhafi , who was captured by opposition fighters and killed earlier this month . Moreno-Ocampo promised there would be no deals for Saif al-Islam Gadhafi 's surrender . CNN 's Zain Verjee contributed to this report .	Libya would like to show that Saif al-Islam Gadhafi can receive a fair trial NTC : If he is captured in Libya , he will be tried there The International Criminal Court has issued an arrest warrant for him
CNN  -- Taye Diggs and Idina Menzel had a relationship that fans fell in love with . So when the actor pair announced in December that they were separating after 10 years of marriage , Diggs was fully prepared for the public 's shocked reaction . "  I 'd be lying if I said there were n't times when I thought , ` Oh , man , people are going to trip out  if we split  , ' " the 43-year-old actor told Redbook magazine . "  Maybe they thought it was cute that we met in ` Rent . ' There were n't a lot of couples like us in the theater community -- and I know there are n't a lot of performers as talented as she is ... and then you have the whole mixed  race  thing . It was easy for people to root for us . " Neither Diggs nor Menzel have specified what led to their breakup , although Menzel was frank about the challenges of marriage when speaking with People magazine in April 2013 . "  We work at it , " the "  Frozen " star said at the time . "  I 'm not going to glamorize it or glorify it -- we go through tough times like everybody else , but we love each other very much . " The couple welcomed a son , Walker , in 2009 , and since their separation have focused on balancing their co-parenting with their busy careers . "  Right now , we 're still trying to figure out a lot of stuff , " said Diggs , who stars in the new TNT series "  Murder in the First . " "  We 're on different coasts and our son is getting older . "	Taye Diggs says he knew to expect an emotional reaction to his breakup He and his estranged wife Idina Menzel separated in December Diggs : "  It was easy for people to root for us "
RollingStone.com  -- "  Saturday Night Live alum and "  Stefon " mastermind Bill Hader will return to the show , which is now entering its 40th season , as host for the October 11th episode . Indie-soul singer Hozier , whose self-titled debut comes out next week , will appear as the episode 's musical guest . The actor , who appeared on eight seasons of the series , stars as a man who reconciles with his twin sister  fellow former "  SNL " cast member Kristen Wiig  in the recently released movie "  The Skeleton Twins . " The movie has been praised for showing off both actors ' dramatic capabilities as much as their comedic talents . "  There 's this thing with funny people where you think that if you 're not good at this , you 're not good at anything , " Hader recently told Rolling Stone of his transition to movie acting . "  So with SNL I was like , ` If this does n't work , I 'm f**ked , because I 'm bad at everything else . ' " RS : ` SNL ' Solves Jay Z-Solange mystery in season finale "  SNL " announced the first host and musical-guest combos for the upcoming season earlier this month . "  Guardians of the Galaxy " and "  Parks and Recreation " star Chris Pratt will appear with Ariana Grande on the season premiere , which is set to air on September 27th . On the following week 's episode , recent Emmy Award winner and "  liquid pot " enthusiast Sarah Silverman -- who was an "  SNL " cast member from 1993 to 1994 -- will host with Maroon 5 as her musical guest . RS : Laugh Track - Jenny Slate 's winding road from ` SNL ' to ` Obvious Child ' When the show returns , there will be some noticeable changes in the cast . In July , the show sacked two recent additions to the cast -- NoÃ "  l Wells and John Milhiser -- and bid adieu to Nasim Pedrad , who quit to appear on the Fox series Mulaney . Additionally , Cecily Strong will no longer appear as the host of "  Weekend Update , " which will now be helmed by former Daily Show correspondent Michael Che  Strong says she 's "  genuinely happy " about the change  . RS : Cecily Strong is ` genuinely happy ' about ` Weekend Update ' shake-up on ` SNL Finally , the show will return without its longtime announcer , Don Pardo -- who introduced 38 seasons of SNL -- after the SNL staple passed away in August at the age of 96 . See the original story at RollingStone.com . See more comedy content at CNN Comedy . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Hader will host on October 11 Indie-soul singer Hozier will perform Hader appeared on eight seasons of the series
CNN  -- It was described as a "  dramatic shift " and a "  bombshell . " One writer dubbed it a "  stunning change . " Even the Human Rights Campaign , the LGBT advocacy organization , announced a "  seismic shift in Rome . " So it was all the more disheartening that the Catholic Church 's Synod of Bishops decided to backpedal on its surprisingly welcoming language for LGBT people and their families from earlier in the week with the release on Saturday of the final document from its meeting . Or it would have been disheartening if the interim report had n't used theological arguments that would virtually have guaranteed that same-sex couples and their families would remain second-class citizens in the church . True , the synod 's initial report employed a language of welcome that few LGBT Catholics and their friends and allies have ever heard from the Vatican . And many participants in the synod did indeed embrace the orientation toward the marginalized that has been a hallmark of Pope Francis ' papacy . Both the synod 's initial draft and final document acknowledged the blessings that can be found in different forms of family life  although the final draft explicitly limited itself to talking about "  a stable and true relationship between a man and a woman "  . Yet even if the more welcoming language of the synod 's first document had survived subsequent editing , a closer reading reveals that the theological framework it used to articulate its views had its limitations . In thinking about families whose lives fall outside the church 's norms , the synod 's initial document took its cues from a theological model first developed at Vatican II , a model that at first had to do with interreligious dialogue . But here , instead of teaching that other religious communities have only partial access to the truth about God , the synod claimed that nontraditional families only partially reflect God 's intentions for human relationships . These families have "  seeds of the Word -LSB- of God -RSB- that have spread beyond -LSB- the church 's -RSB- visible and sacramental boundaries , " the document stated . In thinking about them , the synod said it turned "  respectfully to those who participate in her life in an incomplete and imperfect way . " So , although the language of intrinsic disorder and grave sin -- the vocabulary that Catholic leaders have so often used to talk about same-sex relationships -- was laudably absent from both the initial draft and the final document , the language that the synod initially proposed still relegated LGBT persons and others to second-class status . If the synod were to have taught that same-sex couples , like those who live in other nontraditional family arrangements , are theologically akin to members of other religions , then implicitly it also would have taught that the only way that they can be fully recognized or received by the church is if they undergo conversion . After Vatican II , the council 's theological framework was perceived in some quarters as patronizing and paternalistic . The synod 's newer framework might not have fared much better . The theological tensions that swirled just underneath the surface of the synod 's original draft may explain much about the seeming backpedaling we have seen . That original draft surrounded its positive statements about LGBT people and same-sex couples with qualifiers -- qualifiers that some commentators missed or downplayed . For instance , the draft stated unequivocally that same-sex relationships "  can not be considered on the same footing " as opposite-sex marriage , and it prefaced its praise for the sacrificial love of same-sex couples with the caveat that it was not "  denying the moral problems connected to homosexual unions . " The final version , which received mixed support from synod participants , was less welcoming still : "  There does not exist any basis to establish even remote analogies between homosexual unions and the plan of God for marriage and the family . " Many believe that the synod reversed course with regard to LGBT people and same-sex unions . But that reversal seems much less dramatic when one considers the full implications of the synod 's much-celebrated initial document . Far from accepting and celebrating same-sex relationships as the signs of divine and human love that so many people -- gay , straight , Catholic , non-Catholic -- are finding in them , that document actually charted a path where those relationships could at best have only been tolerated in the church . It is clear that by avoiding a more searching examination of the presumptions about gender and sexuality that Catholic theology has inherited , the synod members did not fully confront the truly seismic anthropological , cultural and theological shifts that have occurred in the past few decades . For many of the rest of us , it is unfortunate that in rushing to celebrate the steps that the synod took last week toward a more inclusive church , we may have turned a blind eye to theological assumptions that might have given us much pause .	Vatican 's interim report discussing same-sex couples was widely seen as major shift But theological arguments used suggest it was n't revolutionary , says Patrick Hornbeck Commentators were too quick to embrace interim report , Hornbeck says
CNN  -- A Florida man arrested with his wife on anabolic steroid possession charges claimed to have sold steroids to professional hockey and baseball players in the District of Columbia , but the National Hockey League and Washington Capitals said Wednesday they doubted the allegation . Richard Thomas and his wife , Sandra , were arrested Tuesday night at their home in Lakeland , Florida . Richard Thomas , 35 , told officers he sold the steroids to unidentified players on the NHL 's Capitals and the Washington Nationals of baseball 's National League , said Sheriff Grady Judd of Polk County , Florida . "  Richard Thomas told us that he sold steroids to ballplayers on those teams , " Judd said after the arrests late Tuesday night . "  Now , is that one ballplayer to two ballplayers ? We do n't know . " NHL Deputy Commissioner Bill Daly said the league would investigate the claim , but added that the Washington Capitals "  have no knowledge of any aspect of this allegation . " "  Capitals players were subjected to no-notice testing five separate times over the past two seasons pursuant to the terms of the Collective Bargaining Agreement and there was no indication of any improper conduct or wrongdoing , " Daly said in a statement issued Wednesday . A separate statement by Capitals president Dick Patrick said the team had "  no reason to believe there is any merit to this story , " but would fully cooperate with the NHL 's investigation . MLB.com , the Web site of Major League Baseball , reported Wednesday that the league would look into the allegation involving the Washington Nationals . The report posted on the Web site of the Washington Nationals quoted Nationals president Stan Kasten as saying the team knew nothing about the steroids claim , and that the league was handling it . Thomas and his wife , Sandra , 49 , were arrested Tuesday night at their home in Lakeland , Florida , on 21 counts of possession of anabolic steroids , importation of anabolic steroids and maintaining a residence for drug sales , Judd said . He said the couple has been charged with 10 counts of steroid possession with intent to distribute , 10 counts of importing the drugs and one count of maintaining a residence for drug sales . According to Judd , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials in Philadelphia received information that the Florida couple would be receiving a shipment of steroids . Judd 's office then obtained a search warrant for the Lakeland home , where officers found steroids from points outside the United States , including Iran , he said . The arrest report says Richard Thomas told officers he was "  the biggest steroids dealer in central Florida . " Bond for Richard and Sandra Thomas was set at $ 215,000 each , said Carrie Eleazer , spokeswoman for the Polk County Sheriff 's Office , and Sandra Thomas was released on bail Wednesday afternoon . The two are scheduled to make an initial court appearance Thursday . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Couple arrested in central Florida on anabolic steroid possession charges Claim they sold steroids to professional athletes in District of Columbia , sheriff says Richard Thomas says he sold steroids to pro baseball , hockey players , sheriff says
CNN  -- Thirteen Tennessee juveniles escaped from the Woodland Hills Youth Development Center on Friday night , the same juvenile detention center in Nashville where 32 escaped earlier this month . That 's an average of more than 1Â 1/2 escapes per day . By Saturday morning , 12 of the 13 most recent escapees had been recaptured and brought to a juvenile court detention in Nashville to face additional charges , according a Tennessee Department of Children 's Services  TDCS  statement . A 16-year-old "  with a record that includes theft , assault and runaway " remains at large . Two of the 32 teenagers who escaped back on September 1 are still on the lam . According to its website , Woodland Hills is for "  delinquent male youth " between the ages of 13 and 19 that have committed at least three felonies . Among those rounded up from the latest jailbreak , "  many , if not all , of them have been involved in the previous two incidents , " the TDCS statement said . Wait : Previous two ? In May , a group of teens broke out through a window and flipped a gate switch in an unsuccessful attempt to free others , according to CNN affiliate WSMV-TV in Nashville . "  Since the last set of escapes , the department has been rapidly upgrading security , " TDCS said . "  Aluminum panels that students were able to kick through have been replaced with steel ... a project to reinforce the perimeter fence with concrete at the base is nearly complete . " But TDCS , which operates the Woodland Hills facility , says its guards "  have few methods to control the youth ... they do not have weapons or pepper spray . " The only thing they do have , according to the TDCS website , is a radio to call for help . Another problem , it would seem , is that the delinquent felons in lockup are not actually allowed to be locked up . "  Because of a decades old court settlement , the youth are not allowed to be locked inside their rooms , " it said in a Saturday statement . According to an account of the incident provided by TDCS , Friday 's escape occurred after two inmates -- which it refers to as students -- overpowered a guard that was making his rounds . "  He was assaulted , and the students took his radio and keys . The other youth in the dorm came out of their unlocked rooms . " The group then made its way to the perimeter gate , where one of them "  was able to wriggle through a gap between the fence and the gate " and make it over to the guard house -- which he was able to break into by throwing a rock through the window . Once inside , he flipped the electric switch that opened the gate , liberating his comrades . Woodland Hills said two of its staff members were injured in the escape , one was treated at the scene , while the other was taken to a Nashville hospital . CNN 's Carma Hassan and Joe Sutton contributed to this report	13 inmates escape from the same facility where 32 escaped Sept. 1 Most have been recaptured and returned to Woodland Hills Youth Development Center Two juveniles overpowered a guard and took his keys Guards say they have few methods to control the youth
Health.com  -- A class of injectable drugs used to treat autoimmune disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis does n't raise the risk of serious infection when compared with more conventional treatments , according to a new analysis in the Journal of the American Medical Association . The research , which was funded by the Food and Drug Administration and other federal health agencies , contradicts numerous earlier studies that did find an increased risk of infection associated with the drugs , known as tumor necrosis factor  TNF  inhibitors . The possibility that TNF inhibitors -- which include popular drugs such as Humira and Enbrel -- pose no additional infection risk is a "  very new and heretical idea , " says David T. Felson , M.D. , a professor of medicine and epidemiology at the Boston University School of Medicine , who cowrote an editorial accompanying the study . "  Up until now there has been considerable evidence that anti-TNFs heightened the risk of serious infection compared to other treatments . " Health.com : Signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis The lead author of the study , Carlos G. Grijalva , M.D. , a professor of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University , in Nashville , Tennessee , says the findings "  should be reassuring for patients and providers . " Felson , however , says the new findings are n't sufficient to quell the concerns raised by previous studies . "  We still need to be concerned about serious infection risk among patients starting these medicines , " he says . Autoimmune conditions , including rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and inflammatory bowel disease , arise when the body 's immune system goes awry and begins attacking healthy cells and tissue . TNF inhibitors -- known as biologic drugs , because they 're derived from substances that occur naturally in humans and animals -- work by blocking the action of TNF , an important immune-system molecule . Health.com : 10 risk factors for inflammatory bowel disease This class of drugs drastically improved the treatment of these conditions when first introduced in the late 1990s , but because they suppress the immune system they are believed to open the door to opportunistic infections . Some patients taking the drugs have died from these infections , and the FDA has been closely watching the drugs ' safety profile as more and more people use them . Previous studies have found that TNF inhibitors as much as double the risk of serious infection compared with other treatment options . Those trials tended to be relatively small , however . The new study , which was presented this weekend at an annual meeting of the American College of Rheumatology , sought to address that weakness . Grijalva and his colleagues combined data on more than 32,000 mostly low-income people from four large health-care databases , including those for Medicaid and Medicare . About half of the people took TNF-inhibitors for their conditions , and the other half took older , non-biologic drugs -- such as leflunomide , hydroxychloroquine , and sulfasalazine . Health.com : Got psoriasis ? 7 signs you may have arthritis too The authors identified 1,172 infections requiring hospitalization during the study period .  The most common infections were pneumonia and skin and soft-tissue infections .  After one year of treatment , people taking TNF inhibitors had no higher risk of serious infections than those taking other types of drugs . The researchers did find , however , that among patients with rheumatoid arthritis , the TNF inhibitor Remicade carried an approximately 25 % higher risk of infection than Enbrel or Humira . How well are you managing your rheumatoid arthritis ? Take a health test It 's not clear why Remicade might be riskier than other TNF inhibitors , but it 's possible that the higher initial doses the drug requires might be partly responsible , Grijalva says . The mechanism of action may also be slightly different than that of other TNF inhibitors , he adds . The study does have an important limitation that detracts from the findings , Felson says . As he notes in his editorial , some 40 % of participants taking TNF inhibitors dropped out within the first month , compared with only 15 % in the comparison group . In previous trials and in clinical practice , people who stop taking TNF blockers "  tend to be older and at a higher risk of serious infections , " Felson says . That pattern , he adds , may have skewed the study results and made TNF inhibitors look safer than they perhaps really are . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	The research contradicts numerous earlier studies that did find an increased risk Felson , however , says the new findings are n't sufficient to quell the concerns Previous studies have found that TNF inhibitors as much as double the risk
Health.com  -- Americans love celebrities , and if the past year 's headlines are any indication , we especially love them when they 're sick , injured , troubled , or -- best of all -- on the road to recovery . Shocking celebrity weight changes When stars have health problems , it 's a welcome reminder that they 're real people , just like us . And celebrity health stories often help raise awareness about unknown or misunderstood conditions such as psoriasis or Sjögren 's syndrome . 20 celebrities who battled depression From Kate 's weight to Charlie 's meltdown , Health.com 's editors looked back over the year in celebrity health news and selected the 20 biggest stories of 2011 . The most controversial health stories of 2011 Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Some of Hollywood 's biggest celebrities have suffered from health problems this year Charlie Sheen 's public outrage and Kate Middleton 's weight loss both made headlines Health dilemmas have also had us say goodbye to stars like Amy Winehouse and Liz Taylor
CNN  -- A Saudi Arabian man was arrested after bragging about his sex life on television , local media reported . Mazen Abdul Jawad appeared last week on a show on Lebanese channel LBC , where he went into "  graphic details about his sexual conquests , " according to Arab News , an English daily . A segment of the show "  Red Line " posted on YouTube shows the 32-year-old talking about sex and foreplay . He also discusses losing his virginity to a neighbor while he was 14 . In deeply conservative Saudi Arabia , pre-marital sex is illegal and unrelated men and women are not allowed to mingle . A government official told the newspaper that discussing sex in public is a punishable offense that may affect anyone involved in the broadcast . "  It is wrong to host people on television to speak publicly about vice and issues against our religion , " said Ahmad Qasim Al-Ghamdi , director of Mecca 's branch of the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice , also known as the religious police . "  The program presents anomalies and deviancy in society that are unacceptable and immoral , and should be punished according to Shariah . " About 100 people have filed a complaint against Abdul Jawad , alleging among other things , that he violated a principle of Shariah law by "  publicizing his sinful behavior , " the daily said . It is unclear what punishment , if any , Abdul Jawad faces . CNN has been unable to reach Abdul Jawad or the Saudi Ministry of Justice for comment .	Mazen Abdul Jawad appeared last week on a show on Lebanese channel He gives "  graphic details about his sexual conquests , " reports Arab News In deeply conservative Saudi Arabia , pre-marital sex is illegal About 100 people have filed a complaint against Abdul Jawad ; punishment not clear
CNN  -- He 's gone from being a backup dancer to the biggest thing in Asian pop culture , an actor and singer who has sold millions of albums . The 27-year-old South Korean has even faced down U.S. comedian Steven Colbert in a spoof dance-off . The comedy skit came about after Rain placed higher than him in Time Magazine 's 2008 online poll of the 100 Most Influential People . As well as a sense of humor and dance moves that shook Colbert out of his satirical posture to praise , Rain is also known as one of the hardest working men in the entertainment business . Rain , real name Jung Ji-hoon , broke into the notoriously tough world of South Korean show business with JYP Entertainment when he was just 18-years-old . He made his first mark in Hollywood last year with a role in "  Speed Racer " appearing alongside Christina Ricci and Matthew Fox . As a singer with five albums to his name , he 's faced thousands of screaming fans at concerts across the world , and recently he faced your questions .	Korean pop culture sensation Rain is trying to break into U.S. market 27-year-old has gone from backup dancer to appearing in Hollywood films Click the videos below the watch the rest of the show
CNN  -- Two fifth-grade boys armed with a stolen semi-automatic gun , ammunition clip and knife plotted to kill a classmate in Washington state but were thwarted when another student informed a school employee , authorities said Thursday . The two boys , who told police they considered the girl rude and annoying , wo n't be tried as adults and will be in court next Wednesday for a capacity hearing , said Tim Rasmussen , the Stevens County prosecuting attorney . The two boys , ages 10 and 11 , told authorities that they were also going to kill , or "  get , " six more students at Fort Colville Elementary School in Colville , Washington , and even identified them from a class list provided by school employees , according to court documents . The boys ' plan called for the older to stab the girl off-campus with a 3.25-inch knife last week , and the younger boy would scare off any responders with a .45 - caliber Remington 1911 semi-automatic handgun , court documents said . The younger boy had been in "  a short dating relationship " with the girl , but he told authorities that "  she 's rude and always made fun of me and my friends , " court papers said . "  Yes , I just want her dead , " the younger boy told authorities . He brought the gun and knife to school , documents said . The older boy had been friends with the girl for several months , but he wanted to kill her because she picked on and annoyed him , court papers said . "  Yes , and I wanted to kill her alone at first , " the older boy told a police officer . The officer noticed in his interview with the older boy that he "  did not display any emotion or remorse during the interview , " court papers said . The younger boy took the gun from his older brother by finding a hidden key to the gun case kept in the brother 's bedroom , and the older brother told authorities that he stole the firearm from their dead grandfather 's home , court papers said . The older brother is also a juvenile , Rasmussen said . The two boys told another student two weeks earlier about the plot to kill the girl and were going to pay him $ 80 to keep it secret , the court filings said . The two boys were going to kill the other six students by luring them away from school one at a time , court papers said . When authorities were transporting the arrested boys to the Stevens County Courthouse , the juvenile probation department staff told a detective that they overheard the older boy telling the younger : "  If I find out who told them about our weapons , I 'm going to kill them . I do n't care ; when I get out of jail I 'm going to come back and kill them , " according to court papers . Under Washington state law , children between the ages of 8 and 12 are presumed to not have a capacity to commit a crime , prosecutor Rasmussen told CNN . "  What this hearing will determine is they will look at certain factors and try to get these children under the jurisdiction of the juvenile court , " Rasmussen said about next week 's proceedings .	Two boys plot to kill a girl outside their Washington state school unravels The boys also intended to kill six more students one by one , authorities say One boy was going to stab the girl ; the other was to use a gun to guard him One boy stole the gun from his older brother , who in turn stole it from dead grandfather 's home
CNN  The family of a girl who UK police say may be headed to Syria with two friends have a message for her : We 're not mad at you , and please come home . UK police said 15-year-old Shamima Begum and two other London girls took a flight to Istanbul from London Gatwick Airport on Tuesday . Their families have reported them missing , and London 's Metropolitan Police say the girls are believed to be heading to Syria , where militant groups and government forces are locked in a war , and parts of which have been taken over by the Islamist terror group ISIS . "  We miss you terribly and are extremely worried about you , " Shamima 's family said in a statement that Metropolitan Police released Saturday . "  Please , if you hear this message , get in touch and let us know you are safe . We want you home with us . You belong at home with us . "  Syria is a dangerous place and we do n't want you to go there . Get in touch with the police and they will help to bring you home . You are not in any trouble . " The family said it understands that Shamima has strong feelings about wanting to help those she believes are suffering in Syria . "  You can help from home , you do n't have to put yourself in danger , " the statement reads . "  Please do n't cross the border . Please come home to us . Our Mum needs you home and is really worried . We are not mad at you , we love you . " Police said Shamima might be traveling under the name of 17-year-old Aklima Begum . Shamima is traveling with Kadiza Sultana , 16 , and a third girl whose name police withheld at her family 's request . On Friday , police released pictures of the three girls walking together through Gatwick Airport , carrying travel bags . Police say they are close friends who went to the same East London school . "  We are extremely concerned for the safety of these young girls and would urge anyone with information to come forward and speak to police . Our priority is the safe return of these girls to their families , " Metropolitan Police Cmdr. Richard Walton said Friday . "  We are reaching out to the girls using the Turkish media and social media in the hope that Shamima , Kadiza and their friend hear our messages , hear our concerns for their safety and have the courage to return now , back to their families who are so worried about them . " UK police are concerned about the number of girls and young women trying to head to areas of Syria controlled by ISIS , Walton said . "  It is an extremely dangerous place , and we have seen reports of what life is like for them and how restricted their lives become , " he said . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	"  We are not mad at you , we love you , " missing girl 's family says UK police say the three girls , two age 15 and one age 16 , are thought to be headed to Syria They flew together Tuesday to Istanbul in Turkey , police say
CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton would have long ago distanced herself from the Rev. Jeremiah Wright if she had been a member of his church , the Democratic presidential candidate said Tuesday . It 's the first time she or her campaign has commented directly on a controversy that has swirled around rival Sen. Barack Obama 's campaign in recent weeks . "  I think given all we have heard and seen , he would not have been my pastor , " Clinton said in a news conference in Greensburg , Pennsylvania . The comments came hours after the New York senator made similar comments to the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review in an editorial board interview . "  You do n't choose your family , but you choose what church you want to attend , " she told the paper . Clinton repeated those remarks in the news conference . Watch Clinton talk about Wright and other issues " An Obama campaign spokesman said Clinton 's comments were part of a "  transparent effort to distract attention away from the story she made up about dodging sniper fire in Bosnia , " a reference to comments Clinton made last week . She later said she "  misspoke . " "  The truth is , Barack Obama has already spoken out against his pastor 's offensive comments and addressed the issue of race in America with a deeply personal and uncommonly honest speech , " Obama campaign press secretary Bill Burton said . "  The American people deserve better than tired political games that do nothing to solve the larger challenges facing this country . " Clinton 's comments on Wright came almost a week after Obama delivered a speech on race and politics in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , during which he denounced some of his former minister 's sermons , but said he could not repudiate the man himself . The sermons in question -- some of which were several years old -- included several racially charged remarks , and became the subject of scrutiny after a news report highlighted them earlier this month . Speaking to reporters Tuesday , Clinton referenced a speech she gave nearly a year ago after talk-radio host Don Imus ' controversial remarks about the Rutgers women 's basketball team . "  I said it was time for standing up for what is right , for saying enough is enough , for urging that we turn a culture of degradation into a culture of empowerment , for saying that while we of course must protect our right of free expression , it should not be used as a license or an excuse to demean or humiliate our fellow citizens . Sen. Obama spoke eloquently at that time as well , " she said . "  Everyone will have to decide these matters for themselves . They were obviously very personal matters , " Clinton added . "  But I was asked what I would do if he was my pastor and I said I think the choice would be clear for me . " In his speech last week , Obama said he heard his former minister make controversial remarks , but not the ones that have been the subject of recent controversy . "  Did I know him to be an occasionally fierce critic of American domestic and foreign policy ? Of course , " Obama said in the speech . "  Did I ever hear him make remarks that could be considered controversial while I sat in church ? Yes . Did I strongly disagree with many of his political views ? Absolutely -- just as I 'm sure many of you have heard remarks from your pastors , priests or rabbis with which you strongly disagreed . " Asked by CNN if her speaking openly about Wright meant the issue was now on the table in the effort to win superdelegates , Clinton answered : "  I was asked what I would do , and I answered the question . " E-mail to a friend	"  You choose what church you want to attend , " Sen. Hillary Clinton tells newspaper Sen. Barack Obama has denounced some of his former minister 's sermons Obama campaign : Clinton trying to distract attention from Bosnia trip comments Sermons included several racially charged remarks
CNN  -- The hottest way to present your resume currently involves just 140 characters and a lot of hype . Twitter resumes -- or "  twesumes " -- have been touted as the best way for social media-savvy types to snag a dream job . But before you post your own abbreviated CV , it is worth considering its limitations and what tweeting your employment history really says about you . "  I can not imagine someone explaining their breadth of experience in 140 characters , " says Sai Pradhan , a headhunter and managing director for Trufflepig Search , based in Hong Kong . "  I know people are calling it an elevator pitch these days , but my goodness , even that 's a bit longer . At most it could be an introduction with a link to your CV . " The term twesume  a contraction of "  Twitter " and "  resume "  began gaining traction in 2011 after it appeared in an article by Sean Weinberg on social media news site , Mashable . Weinberg co-founded the website RezScore , which allows users to upload their resumes and receive an algorithmic-based grading on it . In subsequent years , the 140-character CV has been hailed by some as ushering in a brave new world of truncated , social media-reliant resumes . It was reported last year that U.S. venture capital firm Union Square Ventures and a handful of American tech companies were to only accept links to jobseekers ' "  web presence " -- from blogs to Twitter accounts -- instead of traditional resumes . Read more : Fake Amazon resume a huge hit Earlier this year , the chief marketing officer of U.S. technology company Enterasys , Vala Afshar , announced that he would only consider Twitter applications for a senior social media strategist position with a six-figure salary . All candidates were supposed to use the hashtag #socialCV and possess more than 1,000 Twitter followers . Afshar says he heard from hundreds of applicants and selected 15 for in-person interviews . "  The main point of this process is that the selection committee , including me , never references their CV , " he wrote to CNN in an email . "  The process was purely a digital research and conversation-oriented recruitment process . " Although Pradhan is enthusiastic about the business potential for companies using social media , she is n't convinced that Twitter will replace the resume for job-seekers . For her an updated profile on LinkedIn is more useful . However a tidy web presence is increasingly important . International advertising firm Ogilvy & Mather is currently hiring a director-level candidate for its social media team in Hong Kong . Application instructions for a similar posting last year warned : "  Take a look at your Twitter / Weibo profile and if you find the words : maven / guru / expert ? No need to apply . We want people whose focus it is to build our clients ' profiles , not their own . " The implication is that while social media has made it easier for direct access to companies advertising on Twitter or LinkedIn , it has also made it much easier for unqualified wannabes to jam up the job search . Read more : What 's your office personality type ? For Pradhan , who recruits middle to senior level marketing and communications professionals , checking job candidates ' social media is the final stage in the process . She mentions a recent Asia-wide search for a director of digital marketing as an example : "  We basically honed it down to five candidates . And at that point , we actually looked at their online presence . We knew them on paper . We had talked to them in person and interviewed them a few times . And then it was time to see that they 've actually been doing what they say . " For businesses , Twitter is just part of the evolving cornucopia of platforms to share and engage with potential partners and customers . The same principles that apply to selling goods are also valid for job-seekers marketing their skills . "  Back in the day , the only way to generate authority in your field was to speak at conferences and write papers and things like that , " says Pradhan . "  Now you can write a blog . Now you can post relevant content to connect with an audience . You can create followers for yourself . It 's a way to build credibility . " Whatever the next platform for self-promotion , she urged jobseekers not to abandon commonsense and real-world skills : "  Nothing beats meeting someone in person , shaking their hand and saying , ' I really want to work with you . ' That 's what it comes down to . Among all these online experiences , the success comes in moving them offline .	Twitter resumes have been touted as new method to land a job Format has been hyped up and value questioned by headhunters Some companies say they only consult job seekers ' ` web presence ' Recruitment expert believes ` twesumes ' can play a part in a person 's digital profile
CNN  -- At least 70 people are reported to have died from Ebola hemorrhagic fever in Guinea , according to a statement from the West African nation 's health ministry . Officials say there are at least 111 suspected cases of the viral disease , which spreads in the blood and shuts down the immune system , causing high fever , headache and muscle pain . The virus is transmitted by contact with the fluids of infected people or animals . Medecins Sans Frontieres  MSF  describes Ebola as "  one of the world 's most deadly diseases . " It is rare , but it creates panic , because there is no cure and it 's fatal in most cases , according to MSF . "  The priority is to isolate suspected cases , " said MSF , which has set up two isolation facilities in the most affected districts , Gueckedou and Macenta , both in southern Guinea . Four of the fatalities from the disease are in Conakry , the capital city , which is on the coast . Genetic analysis of the virus shows that it is closely related to Zaire Ebola virus , which was reported in 2009 in the Democratic Republic of the Congo  formerly Zaire  , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Senegal 's Interior Ministry decided to close its border with Guinea until further notice to prevent the spread of the disease , according to Senegal 's state news agency . The World Health Organization says that , to date , no confirmed cases of Ebola have been found outside of Guinea , but at least 12 suspected cases are under investigation in neighboring Liberia and Sierra Leone . Joseph Netto and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	Death toll from an Ebola outbreak in Guinea reaches 70 , including 4 in the capital Doctors have set up isolation facilities in two regions , because there is no cure or vaccine for Ebola Senegal says it 's closing the border with Guinea of prevent spread of Ebola World Health Organization says no cases of Ebola confirmed outside of Guinea
CNN  -- Billy Joel 's daughter with Christie Brinkley fainted on a New York cabaret stage Saturday , her rep said Monday . An emergency room doctor concluded that Alexa Ray Joel , 28 , experienced vasovagal syncope , a common cause of fainting that "  is usually harmless and requires no treatment , " Joel rep Claire Mercuri said . In vasovagal syncope , according to the Mayo Clinic website , a sudden drop in heart rate and blood pressure can cause reduced blood flow to the brain , which results in a brief loss of consciousness . Joel was performing to a sold-out crowd at The Café Carlyle on Manhattan 's Upper East Side when she collapsed and was rushed to the emergency room at New York Presbyterian Hospital , Mercuri said . "  Ms. Joel was taken ill earlier in the afternoon and announced from stage that she pulled out her back and neck , but wanted the show to go on , " she said . It was closing night of her two-week run at the venue . "  I wanted to thank everyone for coming out to support me , " Joel said Monday . "  I was excited and determined to fulfill my final performance and I really wanted to end my run with a bang , but this was not what I had in mind and hope I have the opportunity to make it up to the wonderful audience very soon . " The songwriter and singer launched her performance and recording career in 2006 . Alexa Ray Joel speaks up on depression She suffered from what she called "  heartbreak-related depression " after a break up with longtime boyfriend and former bandmate Jimmy Riot in 2010 . She was rushed to a New York hospital on December 5 , 2009 , after swallowing a handful of homeopathic pain pills , her publicist confirmed at the time . The pills were not considered to be life-threatening . After media reports suggested that her depression was sparked by a fight with her mother , Christie Brinkley , the former model and her ex-husband Billy Joel released a public denial . "  As much as we hate dignifying tabloid stories with a response , we feel we must set the record straight , " Joel and Brinkley said in 2009 . "  Every parent can imagine the pain and anguish ... of a daughter who is working to recover from the dangerous actions she took while suffering a devastating heartbreak . " CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Doctor says Alexa Ray Joel experienced a harmless fainting episode She is the daughter of Billy Joel and Christie Brinkley She was performing at Manhattan 's Café Carlyle when she collapsed The songwriter and singer launched her performance and recording career in 2006
Washington  CNN  -- Investigators are reviewing the flight data recorder from American Airlines Flight 331 , the plane that overran a runway this week near Kingston , Jamaica , and crashed into a fence . A National Transportation Safety Board spokesman said Thursday that the recorder arrived in the agency 's Washington laboratory overnight . Crews continue to look for the cockpit voice recorder . The flight originated from Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in Arlington , Virginia , and landed in Miami , Florida , before heading to Jamaica , the airline said . It had been raining Tuesday when the plane failed to stop and ran into a fence past the end of the runway , Radio Jamaica reporter Kirk Abraham said . Ninety-one people were taken to three area hospitals , where most were evaluated and released , an American Airlines spokesman said . Ten were admitted , he said , and five remain hospitalized Thursday afternoon . The flight was carrying 148 passengers and six crew members when it landed in Kingston , the airline said . CNN 's Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	American Airlines plane overran runway , crashed into fence near Kingston , Jamaica National Transportation Safety Board investigators are reviewing flight data recorder Five people remain hospitalized after accident
CNN  -- The cricket world is mourning the passing of former England captain Tony Greig , a larger than life character who helped revolutionize the sport in the late 1970s before becoming a high-profile commentator . Greig died aged 66 on Saturday in his adopted home of Australia , having been diagnosed with lung cancer in October . Born in South Africa , the 6 foot 6 inch all-rounder qualified to play for England due to his Scottish father and represented his new country in 58 Test matches from 1972-77 . However , he was stripped of the captaincy after becoming a leading figure in the breakaway World Series Cricket competition set up by Australian entrepreneur Kerry Packer , who owned the Channel Nine network that Greig would work for until recently . "  Tony stood out as a player and captain , as an influential part of the Kerry Packer World Series Cricket era and then for decades as a familiar voice in millions of Australian living rooms each summer as part of the Nine telecast which revolutionized the TV presentation of cricket , " Cricket Australia chairman Wally Edwards said in a statement . "  His illness and too-early death comes as a terrible shock -- he will be greatly missed . " Greig 's fellow South African David Richardson , a former international player who is now head of the International Cricket Council , also paid tribute . "  Tony played a significant part in shaping modern cricket as a player in the 1970s and then provided millions of cricket lovers with a unique insight as a thoughtful and knowledgeable commentator , " Richardson said . "  His figures in Test matches show that he was one of the leading all-rounders of his generation with a batting average of above 40 and a bowling average around 32 . " Australia 's prime minister Julia Gillard issued a joint statement with sports minister Kate Lundy that was published in the Sydney Morning Herald . "  Greig was a wonderful example of someone who came to Australia from somewhere else in the world and embraced his adopted country as his own , " it said . "  Most Australians would be deeply familiar with Greig the commentator , in particular his unique brand of colorful game-calling and entertaining banter . His life in cricket was n't always without controversy , but no one could doubt his passion and commitment to the sport he loved . " Greig , who went to England as a teenager in the late 1960s , was heavily criticized for an "  unsporting " run out of West Indies batsman Alvin Kallicharan in 1974 that saw the home fans storm the pitch in protest . Greig then revoked his appeal and Kallicharan was reinstated . That ill feeling spilled over into the Caribbean team 's series in England in 1976 , before which Greig infamously said he would make the tourists "  grovel . " As recounted in the 2010 documentary "  Fire in Babylon , " the incident fired up the West Indian players , who perceived it as a slight by their former colonial rulers , especially coming from a white South African at the height of apartheid . It sparked a transformation that made the tourists the dominant side in world cricket for the next two decades , as their bowlers battered Greig 's team with a fearsome pace attack . Greig , having lost that series 3-0 , then redeemed himself as he led England to a first victory in India in 15 years -- but his time at the helm would prove to be shortlived . He successfully took the English cricket authorities to court after they tried to ban the Packer "  rebels " but his own playing contribution came to an end after the inaugural series . Greig moved into commentating , with the Nine Network and broadcasters around the world , as he teamed up with former cricketing opponents such as Ian Chappell . He is survived by his wife Vivian and children Mark , Sam , Beau and Tom . Meanwhile , veteran Australian batsman Mike Hussey has announced he will retire from international cricket after next week 's third and final Test against Sri Lanka . The 37-year-old 's decision comes in the same month that former Australia captain Ricky Ponting ended his career . Hussey scored 19 centuries in 78 Tests , being Australia 's 12th-highest run scorer with a total of 6,183 at an average of 51.52 .	Tony Greig dies in Australia following a short battle with lung cancer , aged 66 Born in South Africa , he went on to captain England before moving Down Under Greig was one of the key figures in the breakaway World Series Cricket competition Australia 's prime minister pays tribute to his "  passion and commitment "
CNN  -- Why stay in a humdrum hotel when you can sleep in a sewer pipe in Austria ? Or a salt palace in Bolivia ? Here are 15 of the world 's most memorable accommodations 1 . Jules ' Undersea Lodge  Florida Originally a research laboratory , this fully underwater hotel sits at the bottom of the Emerald Lagoon in Florida 's Key Largo , and can only be reached by scuba diving down six meters . The lodge can accommodate two couples and has showers , a microwave and a fridge . The real attraction are the fish ; the lodge is like a goldfish bowl in reverse , where you sit and watch angelfish , parrotfish , barracuda and snappers peering in at you through the window . Jules Undersea Lodge , Key Largo Undersea Park , 51 Shoreland Dr. , Key Largo , Florida ; +1 305 451 2353 ; rates depend on packages ; single person overnight stay $ 675 2 . Das Park Hotel  Austria At Das Park Hotel in Austria can stay overnight in a concrete sewer pipe on the banks of the River Danube . The drainpipes are two meters in diameter and two and a half meters long , with a porthole , a front door to close and a cozy nest to snuggle into , which includes a low-slung futon , bedside lamp , woolly blanket and light sleeping bag . It 's novel , it 's bold , and the best part is that you pay as much , or as little , as you want . Das Park Hotel , Donaulände 21 , 4100 Ottensheim , Österreich , Ottensheim , Austria ; +43 650 841 5850 ; rates chosen by guests There 's a second location near Essen , Germany at BernePark , Ebelstraße 25a , 46242 Bottrop , Germany 3 . Hotel Kakslauttanen  Finland Being suffused by the northern lights from the inside of a glass igloo is one of the more novel ways of admiring one of nature 's most stunning phenomena . Located within the Arctic Circle , deep in the snowbound Saariselka area of northern Finland , the cabins are built from ice or glass ; both are surprisingly warm , but somewhat lacking in privacy . Hotel Kakslauttanen , Saariselka , Finland ; +358 1666 7100 ; from $ 300  $ 444 4 . Dog Bark Park Inn  Idaho For a prairie getaway with flair , visitors need not look further than the "  largest beagle in the world . " "  This is the only place one can sleep with 26 dogs and still get a good night 's rest , " says Dog Bark Park Inn owner Frances Conklin . Many people have been in the doghouse , but few can say that they 've actually slept in one . Then again , the Dog Bark Park Inn , while shaped like a dog -- albeit a dog nine meters high -- is no kennel . Endearing dog-themed designs indoors -- 26 carved dogs , dog-shaped cookies -- create a comfortable atmosphere , belying the staggeringly large  for a beagle , that is  and vaguely Trojan exterior . The entire B&B consists of a single room with a queen bed and adjacent loft with two twin mattresses . Dog Bark Park Inn , 2421 U.S. 95 Business , Cottonwood , Idaho ; +1 208 962 3647 ; $ 98 per night double occupancy , $ 10 per additional person , single occupancy $ 92 5 . Sant ` Angelo Luxury Resort  Italy "  Four-star boutique cave-hotel " is the proud boast of the Sant ` Angelo in the city of Matera , which is famous for its sassi -- houses dug into the rock . Matera is the only place in the world where people can boast to be still living in the same houses as their ancestors did 9,000 years ago . The rooms have been fashioned from old sassi stables and workshops . There are two restaurants , a bar and an art gallery . Sant ` Angelo Luxury Resort , Piazza San Pietro Caveoso , Matera , Italia ; +39 0835 314 010 ; three-night package from $ 560 per person  two sharing  including some meals , a walking tour and car hire 6 . The Dovecote  England Regarded as one of the most romantic hideaways in Britain , the Dovecote certainly fits the bill for most lovebirds . The former dovecote , which fell into disrepair in the early 20th century , has been restored and converted into a cozy self-catering place that can sleep up to four people , though it 's ideal for two . Within the one-meter-thick walls are a glass-fronted balcony bedroom , glorious wooden lantern roof and a sauna . The Dovecote , Norman & Ali Armitage , 9 Blacknest Gate Road , Sunninghill , Ascot , BERKS , UK ; +44  0  1344 622 596 ; from # 300-600  $ 500-1 ,000  per week , shorter stays available 7 . Adrere Amellal  Egypt Desert palace meets bedrock at Adrere Amellal . This extraordinary eco-lodge sits in the middle of the Saharan oasis at Siwa , eight long , dusty hours ' drive from Cairo . Surrounded by endlessly shifting sand dunes 18 meters below sea level , and overlooking a shimmering salt lake , the lodge is built from salt rock and mud . Candles light up the rooms  there 's no electricity  and staff float around in flowing hooded robes , completing the feel that you 've just stepped into a biblical scene . Adrere Amellal , 18 Mansour Mohamed St. , Zamalek , Cairo , Egypt ; +20  2  2736 7879 ; $ 460 for standard single room 8 . Palacio de Sal  Bolivia At the Palacio de Sal , the walls , floors , beds and chairs are made entirely of white rock salt . Set on the eastern shore of the Great Salar de Uyuni , a vast expanse of white salt 3,650 meters above sea level , it 's great for stargazing and watching sunset colors reflect off the salt lake . The hotel has a spa and salty golf course . Not recommended for slugs . Palacio de Sal , Salar de Uyuni , Uyuni , Potosí , Bolivia ; +591 6842 0888 ; rates from $ 100 for a single 9 . 1950s Bristol freighter plane  New Zealand One of the last allied planes out of Vietnam has been converted into two self-contained motel rooms . Up to four people can sleep in the cockpit unit and another four in the tail unit . The plane is located within Woodlyn Park , where you can learn all about New Zealand culture . Woodlyn Park , 1177 Waitomo Valley Road , Otorohanga , New Zealand ; +64 7 878 6666 ; NZ$ 180  $ 140  for the cockpit , and NZ$ 170  $ 133  for the tail 10 . Kadir 's Tree Houses  Turkey On Turkey 's idyllic Turquoise Coast at the end of a pine-tree clad valley lies the village of Olimpos , where the hoteliers specialize in a different type of accommodation -- tree houses . These simple wooden bungalows set amid the branches have long been popular with backpackers in the region and are growing in popularity . Kadir 's , one of the original lodges , now operates more than 100 bungalows , plus a few larger cabins and dormitories . Kadir 's is unashamedly hedonistic -- people come to party , hard , with the potential for disaster offered by a potent combination of mass drinking and accommodation several feet off the ground just adding to the fun . Kadir 's Yörük Top Tree House , Olimpos , Antalya , Turkey ; +90  0  242 892 12 50 ; from 35TL  $ 20 11 . Poseidon Undersea Resort  Fiji Dropped 40 feet below the surface of the clear blue Fijian Lagoon , these 24 underwater suites are reached by an elevator . With all the comforts of a five-star hotel , most are surrounded by transparent acrylic walls that allow for spectacular views of the ocean and its fishy inhabitants . Guests are invited to interact with the surroundings -- at the push of a button the fish are fed , and the flip of a switch turns on sparkling underwater lights . Poseidon Undersea Resort ; $ 15,000 per person for one-week package , including transportation , two nights in an underwater suite , scuba diving and wine tasting 12 . Kokopelli 's Cave Bed & Breakfast  New Mexico While a cave sounds like a questionable place to stay the night , much less pay to stay the night , Kokopelli 's Cave Bed and Breakfast in New Mexico is n't about masochism or asceticism , or even being cheap . With prices starting at $ 260 a night , Kokopelli 's Cave is no mere hole . Guests stay in a carpeted , fully furnished room 21 meters below the surface , dug into a cliff face of 65-million-year-old sandstone . There 's a TV , DVD player and selection of movies , but guests might find themselves more fascinated with the walls , a "  geologist 's dream " with a "  360-degree view of cross-bedding , petrified and carbonized wood and plant fragments , " according to the hotel . While reaching the cave  there 's only one , with bedding for four  requires a short hike , these "  difficulties " also mean maximum privacy ... unless you count the ring-tailed cats that are said to occasionally visit . Kokopelli 's Cave Bed & Breakfast , 5001 Antelope Junction , Farmington , New Mexico ; +1 505 860 3812 ; from $ 280 per night 13 . The Balancing Barn  England This precariously perched hotel was built by Living Architecture , the brainchild of Swiss philosophical writer Alain de Botton , who wrote "  The Architecture of Happiness . " The group created a series of homes in the United Kingdom based on high-quality , modern architecture and de Botton 's work on the connection between environment , architecture and happiness . On the edge of a nature reserve , the Balancing Barn in Suffolk sleeps eight people . Clad in silver tiles and with large windows giving great views , it 's also won a series of travel and design awards . Living Architecture also runs a boat-shaped room where you can spend the night , perched on top of the Queen Elizabeth Hall on London 's South Bank . The Balancing Barn is sited three miles from the ancient village of Walberswick on the Suffolk Heritage Coast ; nearest railway stations are Darsham and Halesworth  approximately 10-minute drive away  ; rates from # 830  $ 1,393  for four nights 14 . Hotel Saratoga  Cuba In Havana there 's no cooler place to stay than the Hotel Saratoga . Its rooftop pool has some of the best views in town and goes some way to offsetting the traffic noise and hustle of the Paseo del Prado below . It 's one of the better hotels in town , though the food is mediocre . Hotel Saratoga , Paseo del Prado 603 , esquina a Dragones , Havana , Cuba ; +53 7 868 1000 ; deluxe patio rooms from $ 238 15 . Great Orme Lighthouse , Wales Built in 1862 and in full use as a warning to ships until 1985 , this old lighthouse certainly has a room with a view -- a 180-degree view over the cliffs of north Wales and the Irish Sea . This is n't a place for luxury , but you 'll get a warm welcome from the hostess and insight into the history of this living monument . Great Orme Lighthouse , Marine Dr. , Great Ormes Head , Llandudno , United Kingdom ; +44 1492 876 819 ; $ 129 per person per night	The most memorable hotels do n't always come with five stars Idaho 's Dog Bark Park Inn is shaped like a nine-meter-high beagle Desert palace meets bedrock at Egypt 's magical Adrere Amellal Near a nature reserve , the Balancing Barn in Suffolk , UK , sleeps eight
CNN  -- Hundreds of angry Iraqis demonstrated in the holy Shiite city of Karbala on Thursday , protesting the use of foreign troops in the crackdown against anti-government protests in Bahrain . This week , military forces from the Gulf Cooperation Council -- including Saudi Arabia -- arrived in Bahrain to help the kingdom control a wave of anti-government protests , prompting the Obama administration and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to urge council members to act with restraint and to allow the citizens of Bahrain to demonstrate peacefully . Although Bahrain 's protesters are making primarily economic and political demands , there is a sectarian dimension : Bahrain 's population is 70 % Shiite ; the royal family is Sunni , as is the royal family of Saudi Arabia . Saudi Arabia recently has seen small demonstrations among its minority Shiites . In Karbala , some protesters carried Shiite flags as they condemned the brutal force wielded against Bahrain 's predominantly Shiite demonstrators . The U.N. human rights chief and Amnesty International issued statements Thursday calling on the Bahraini government to halt the violence against its people . Some of the Iraqi demonstrators held up banners reading , "  No foreign troops in Bahrain . " Others shouted , "  Wahhabis ! Leave Bahrain immediately , " referring to Saudi Arabian troops . A similar protest was held in Baghdad Thursday , and , during the parliamentary session , Sunni and Shiite lawmakers also condemned the foreign troops being employed in the crackdown . Sunni Parliamentary Speaker Osama al-Nujaifisaid the violence against protesters could "  potentially tear apart the social fabric of the country and in the region . " Former Prime Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari , a Shiite , used stronger language during a speech to lawmakers , calling the use of foreign troops in Bahrain a "  flagrant violation . " Sunnis make up the majority in the Arab world . Iraq has seen its own share of clashes over anti-government demonstrations this year . Since February , at least 20 Iraqis have been killed and hundreds have been wounded in protests across the country , part of a series of demonstrations that have swept across the Middle East and parts of Africa this year , toppling the leaders of Tunisia and Egypt . The protests in Iraq demanded economic progress , an end to corruption and basic services and freedoms . "  Many Iraqi protesters were killed and wounded when they only demanded some political reforms , " Ali Raheem , an Iraqi activist , told CNN . "  God knows what will happen to them if they demonstrate to topple this sectarian government . " The United Nations expressed its concerns about violence used against protesters across the country . "  While acknowledging the duty incumbent on the Iraqi authorities to ensure law and order in the country , the U.N. in Iraq notes with concern that several instances of human rights violations in relation to the demonstrations have been reported , " it said in a statement . "  The reported violations include disproportionate use of force by Iraqi security forces that resulted in the death and injury of a number of citizens ; restrictions on the media and attacks on media organizations ; and arrests and detention of , in particular , journalists . " The Iraqi government was formed in December , nine months after an inconclusive national election . This is the second elected government in the nearly eight years after a U.S.-led invasion toppled Saddam Hussein .	Saudi Arabia and other Arab nations are helping Bahrain quash protesters Bahraini royal family and Saudi Arabia are Sunni Iraqi protesters decry violence against Shiite protesters in Bahrain
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton would topple Gov. Chris Christie in New Jersey , and Garden State voters do n't think America wants a "  Jersey Guy " president , according to a new poll released Thursday . The Quinnipiac University Poll indicates that the former secretary of state would carry New Jersey , 50 % -39 % , over the state 's two-term , incumbent governor if the election were held today . While Christie won convincingly in his re-election bid as a Republican governor last year , the odds are still stacked against him electorally . The state has a plurality of Democratic voters , and it has n't voted for a Republican presidential candidate since 1988 . Poll : Hillary Clinton ahead in 5 would-be GOP match-ups In fact , the same Quinnipiac survey shows Clinton has been ahead of Christie in hypothetical match-ups since February 2013 . Still , a majority of New Jersey voters  53 %  says Christie would not make a good president , slightly down from April , when 57 % felt the same way . Interestingly , nearly half  49 %  say American voters are n't ready for a "  Jersey Guy " president like Christie . "  Shades of Woodrow Wilson . The last Jersey guy who got elected president did not carry the state in his 1916 reelection , " Maurice Carroll , assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll , said in a news release . "  And this poll shows we have n't changed in the last century . " Christie : U.S. ` missing an enormous opportunity ' on Keystone If he does make a White House bid , a decision he 's said he 'll make "  well into 2015 , " more than six in 10 New Jersey voters think he should resign his governorship , something his aides have said he wo n't do . Christie had sky-high approval ratings following the devastation from Superstorm Sandy in 2012 , but his numbers have been slipping since the George Washington Bridge scandal unfolded earlier this year and as the state 's economic struggles have garnered more attention . He also saw criticism in New Jersey for his frequent travels out of state this year as chairman of the Republican Governors Association , a job that took him around the country campaigning for 2014 Republican candidates . For the poll , Quinnipiac surveyed 1,340 registered voters in New Jersey over the phone from Dec. 3-8 . The sampling error is plus or minus 2.7 percentage points .	A new poll shows Hillary Clinton would defeat Chris Christie in New Jersey A majority of New Jersey voters do n't think Christie would be a good president
CNN  -- Ai Fukuhara 's face is a picture of concentration as she crouches over the table tennis table , batting ball after ball back to her opponent . As she rocks back and forth , executing every flick , chip and smash with lightning speed , it 's easy to see why she says the game calls for a nimble mind as well as quick hands and feet . "  Table tennis is often compared to a 100m run while playing chess , " Fukuhara told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  It 's really right . You have to think as well as move -- so not only does your energy get used up , but also your brain gets exhausted . " Despite being only 26 years old , Fukuhara is a veteran of the sport honing her game over the course of 16 years in the professional ranks and before that as a precocious amateur . The girl affectionately known as "  Ai-chan "  her first name means "  love " in English  shot to fame in her native Japan following a series of appearances on national television when she was a toddler . "  I started table tennis at three years and nine months old and I 've been covered by the media since I was four , " she explains . TV viewers marveled at the little girl from Sendai who could barely see over the top of the table but could hold her own against adult opponents . But it was her tears when she lost a points that most people remember , earning her the nickname "  cry baby . " Some of the footage , which can be found on YouTube , looks traumatic at times , but she recalls her early duels against TV opponents with a sense of fondness now . "  I was just putting my whole energy against them , " she says . "  I was just enjoying surprising people . I wanted to win the game . I was happy that people cheered for me . " The performances helped lodge Fukuhara 's name in the public consciousness and set the tone for a life devoted to table tennis . Today , Fukuhara trains for around six to seven hours every day and estimates to have completed more than 25,000 hours  nearly three years solid  of practice to date . This work ethic , instilled by her mother , Chiyo , laid the foundations for her rapid rise through the junior ranks . At five years old , she won her first national competition and turned pro at the age of 10 in 1999 . Four years later , she was representing her country at the world championships in Paris where she reached the quarterfinals , before making history at the 2004 Olympics in Athens when , aged 15 years , 287 days , she became the youngest-ever female table tennis player to appear at the Games . A medal proved elusive at both Athens and Beijing four years later where she was afforded the honor of flag bearer for the Japanese team . But a silver medal in the team event in London in 2012 earned her and Japan their first-ever medal in table tennis since it became an Olympic sport in 1988 . "  Everyone was so happy  back at home  . I was amazed how pleased they were . "  I was happy to win the medal but I felt even happier to show my medal to the people , and people living in the disaster zone , " she says referring to her hometown of Sendai , which was devastated by a tsunami in March 2011 . There have been other triumphs at the table , notably five world championship bronze medals  four team and one mixed doubles  , an individual bronze at the 2005 World Cup and a much coveted national title in 2012 . Finally winning her national championships was one of her proudest achievements . "  I finally won at my 13th try -- the competition was hard for me mentally  because  I could n't win it for such a long time . " Fukuhara has also made an impact off the table , helping to popularize the game in her homeland while also cultivating an avid following in China by competing in the country 's Super League . She also speaks fluent Mandarin and was given an unofficial rubber stamp of approval when she played a few rallies against then Chinese President Hu Jintao during an official trip to Japan in 2008 . Today , her popularity in China remains strong and so does the rivalry against the sport 's strongest nation . "  Right now , the biggest goal is to beat China , " she says . It 's likely she will have to defeat them if she is to fulfill her childhood ambitions and claim gold at the Rio Olympics in just under two years ' time . "  I want to be on the podium in both team and individual events there . I ca n't forget the view from the podium in London -- I feel so proud to see the Japanese flag being raised at  medal  ceremonies . " Fukuhara has defied the simplistic classifications that are frequently applied to child prodigies -- she has n't become an all-conquering hero , yet , nor has she gone off the rails . Instead , she has trodden a middle ground , retaining a sense of perspective and satisfaction despite having done much of her growing up in public . "  I 'm very proud that I 've been able to continue playing table tennis for such a long time , " she said . "  I can play thanks to the support of a lot of people . And what makes me happy is to see those people 's delighted faces and share a joy of victory with them . " "  Seeing happy people gives me the most energy . " She just wishes more people would take up the game . "  Table tennis is such an interesting sport . It 's fun to watch , but if you actually play you understand how great it is . If you ever get the chance , please pick up the racket and play ! " Read more : Exiled ` Lost Boy ' who found refuge in running Read more : Kilian Martin on the art of skateboarding	Girl who rose to fame as a table tennis-playing toddler speaks about life in spotlight Ai Fukuhara is Japan 's best known female table tennis player The 26-year-old is also popular in China and speaks fluent Mandarin Fukuhara looking to go one better than Olympic silver at London 2012 with gold in Rio
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama 's inaugural address is one of the most anticipated speeches in decades , with many expecting his words to be chiseled into marble some day . Many expect Barack Obama 's inauguration speech to compare to those given by Roosevelt and Kennedy . Obama aides said that the speech will last 18 to 20 minutes and that Obama will emphasize that America is entering a new area of responsibility . He will say that America has been hurt by a "  me first " mentality that has contributed to the current economic crisis , aides say , and call on individuals -- as well as corporations and businesses -- to take responsibility for their actions . Obama has said he has been studying previous inaugural addresses -- including President Abraham Lincoln 's and the speeches President Franklin D. Roosevelt gave as he took office amid the Great Depression . Given the nation 's current economic crisis , Errol Lewis , a columnist for the New York Daily News , was looking for Obama to echo Roosevelt 's famous 1933 inauguration address when he said , "  The only thing we have to fear is fear itself . " "  He 's got to calm the nation . I think he 's got to reassure the nation and let people know that we are in it for the long haul . If you look at that 1933 speech , that is pretty much what FDR did , " Lewis said . Watch a preview of inauguration events " "  He wants to lift us up ... and all the aspirations we have , all the hope , " Lewis said . "  But at the same time , he has some very practical problems that start at 12:01 p.m. , and he starts to own them at high noon . There are no easy answers . " Obama must also emphasize that his administration represents a fresh start for America and "  kick away from that old history , " said Peggy Noonan , President Ronald Reagan 's speechwriter and a columnist for The Wall Street Journal . "  It 's been about a year since people thought they had a president , if you will . ... It 's been some time since the American people heard , ` We 've got an economic problem , but , baby , we are getting through it . We are going to get past this thing . We are going to rise again , ' " Noonan said . Watch Noonan and others on the art of speech writing " Obama has already demonstrated his ability as a master orator , and many observers are looking for the new president 's address to equal the great speeches by presidents Roosevelt , John F. Kennedy and Reagan . "  He 's got to give that great , soaring speech . " CNN contributor David Gergen said . "  I think the pressure is really on because of the historic nature of this presidency and also because of the extraordinary moment in which we find ourselves with this terrible recession . " Watch what is expected from Obama 's speech " "  That is a lot to do in a single speech but , you know , because he has such a high reputation for giving excellent speeches ... the expectations for this one are just -- well , they 're soaring , " Gergen added . But beyond the nation 's immediate economic concerns , Obama 's inauguration speech with also mark a national milestone : the inauguration of the first African-American president . In his previous speeches , Obama has referred to another great African-American orator : the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , who made a historic speech on the other end of the Mall . Obama is likely to refer to King and the dramatic struggles African-Americans have fought as they emerged from slavery and fought for full civil rights . Watch what Obama 's presidency means to African-Americans " "  If you think about the journey that this country has made , then it ca n't help but stir your heart , " Obama told CNN 's John King during an interview Friday . "  The notion that I now will be standing there and sworn in as the 44th president , I think , is something that , hopefully , our children take for granted , but our grandparents , I think , are still stunned by , and it 's a remarkable moment . " The pressure on Obama to produce a speech for the ages not is limited to the public , Obama said . After a family visit to the Lincoln Memorial , which has Lincoln 's second inaugural address inscribed on its walls , Obama 's 10-year-old daughter , Malia , turned her father and said , "  First African-American president -- better be good . " CNN 's Scott J. Anderson contributed to this report .	NEW : Aides says Obama 's speech will call for a new era of responsibility His inauguration speech is being compared to Roosevelt 's and Kennedy 's Obama is expected to "  calm the nation " like FDR did in 1933 , columnist says The first African-American president is also likely to refer to MLK 's address
EW.com  -- Perhaps the greatest enemy of Chris Brown 's poorly received last album was time . Released in December 2009 , just six months after the multiplatinum crooner pleaded guilty to assaulting Rihanna , "  Graffiti " -- frankly , not a bad collection at all -- was widely panned . Everything from the title of his new disc , "  F.A.M.E. "  an acronym for the off-putting title " Forgiving All My Enemies "  , to his recent nude photos and ill-advised tweets suggests that Brown has not yet mastered the art of image rehabilitation . Musically , though , he 's in top form . "  F.A.M.E. "  out March 22  shines brighter than anything he produced before that now-infamous incident . Melodic raps on tracks like " Say It With Me " and " Oh My Love " lead to intoxicating hooks , as do bedroom knockers " Wet the Bed " and " No Bs , " which for better  or worse  rival the bump - 'n' - grind heights of '90s Casanova crew Jodeci . The uncertainty of love is a recurring theme on the album : On the thumping midtempo cut " Next to You , " Brown and guest Justin Bieber trade verses assuring their ladies of their dedication . The more relevant question is whether Brown can count on his old fans to be just as devoted . The fact that several singles have already crept into Billboard 's top 20 is a good indication that he 's winning them back . "  Graffiti " clearly came too soon . And some still think Brown should go -- and stay -- away . But on its own merits , "  F.A.M.E. " deserves to be heard . B + See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The title of his new disc , "  F.A.M.E. , " is an acronym for " Forgiving All My Enemies " "  F.A.M.E. "  out March 22  shines brighter than anything he produced before The uncertainty of love is a recurring theme on the album
CNN  -- What is it about Christmas music that enters our very souls , calms us and even gets us to do things that are right for humanity ? This music even has the ability to make us like our old Aunt Emily . If there were a marketing campaign for Christmas , it would be the most successful campaign ever devised . Paintings of angels protecting sheep or a masterly rendition of the manger scene certainly evoke emotion . Then there 's a good Christmas story . In 1843 , Charles Dickens gave us "  A Christmas Carol . " This literary gift had the power to make us actually give a farthing or two to the needy . However , it is music and song that has no rival in the ability to stir raw emotions . It does n't matter what your religious persuasion is . Most people can recite and hum the Christmas carols they 've heard repeatedly since childhood . Among the most familiar are the pop songs : "  Santa Claus is Coming To Town , " which the Four Seasons , Bruce Springsteen and Bing Crosby all performed ; Gene Autry 's "  Here Comes Santa Claus " ; Elvis Presley 's "  Blue Christmas " ; and Brenda Lee 's "  Rockin ' Around the Christmas Tree . " Then there 's one that the marketers made sure really goes for the heart -- "  I 'll Be Home for Christmas " -- and the line , "  if only in my dreams . " I forgot how lonely and depressed I was until I heard that song . The "  home for Christmas " notion originates during World War I , when U.S. soldiers expected a quick victory , thinking they 'd be back in the United States in time for the holidays . That was not the case , and the song was a huge hit decades later -- in 1943 . Speaking of hits , there 's "  White Christmas " -- more than 500 different recordings were made of this song ; which was originally written for the movie "  Holiday Inn . " These songs conjure up old family photos of relatives here and long gone . We say , "  Oh my , look here 's an old tintype of Aunt Emily -- she was so kind and generous . "  Even if we never really liked her -- but then , it 's Christmas . Next up are the seasonal songs that really have little or nothing to do with the holiday . Once again , those marketers have honed their skills at pulling our sentimental heartstrings . Dean Martin singing "  Let It Snow ! Let it Snow ! Let it Snow ! " Dinah Shore and Buddy Clark doing "  Baby , it 's Cold Outside . "  This song of trying to entice a young lady to stay was written for the film "  Neptune 's Daughter , " with Esther Williams and Ricardo Montalban . Judy Garland singing "  Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas " in the 1944 film "  Meet Me In St. Louis " and dozens more all have great images , and are all seasonal . Did you know that "  Jingle Bells " was originally titled "  One Horse Open Sleigh " and was written in the late 1850s by James Pierpont , to be performed during a Thanksgiving service at his Unitarian church in Savannah , Georgia ? The congregation enjoyed it so much that it was repeated during Christmas services , and "  Jingle Bells " took off from there . Of course , Christmas is children . There are the novelty songs written for kids -- like the one about the most famous reindeer of all , Rudolph . He came prancing into our lives when we were young with his shiny red nose and never left the roof . Then there are Jimmy Boyd 's "  All I Want For Christmas Is My Two Front Teeth " , The Singing Dogs version of "  Jingle Bells " and Homer and Jethro 's "  Grandma Got Run Over By A Reindeer . " Songs only a kid could like . But my favorite has to be Lou Monte 's "  Dominic the Italian Christmas Donkey . " And how about "  I Want A Hippopotamus For Christmas , " by Gayla Peevey ? Somebody please explain why anybody would buy that song . So here 's the question : What is this all about ? The emotional and often wonderful snapshots of our lives , past and present , all wrapped up for Christmas . Have we been duped into loving this holiday ? Absolutely not . I realized a while ago that indeed we all need a little Christmas . The security of home , family and friends is essential . So this marketing campaign that started with our first footsteps is fine -- we need it . Is there a Santa Claus ? Have I been a good boy ? Or , as Nat King Cole famously asked : Do reindeer really know how to fly ? Yes , of course , to all those questions . Would n't it have been nice if those marketing guys figured out a way to make those 12 days of Christmas last for the other 353 days of the year ? So deck the halls and please stop leaving Santa those fattening chocolate chip cookies -- he 's gained a lot of weight during the past 200-plus years . And I say unto ye -- Fa la la la la , la la la la . Happy holidays , cousins . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Morrow .	Bruce Morrow says nothing stirs emotions as powerfully as Christmas songs do He points out the various tunes : Classic carols , religious music , silly songs for kids "  Cousin Brucie " points out that many seasonal tunes have nothing to do with the holidays Morrow says magic of the holiday lies in the security of home , family , friends
CNN  -- The Indigo Girls navigate the challenges of today 's recording environment with their new two-disc album , "  Poseidon and the Bitter Bug . " The Indigo Girls , Amy Ray , left , and Emily Saliers released their latest folk-rock album on Tuesday . Rather than abandon ship amid the country 's economic recession and after being dumped by their former label , the folk-rockers decided to release the album independently -- and they recorded it in a mere three weeks . The veteran Atlanta , Georgia , duo remains optimistic about America 's recording industry and the ability of artists to market themselves online . But nothing will replace a heartfelt live performance , said Amy Ray . "  We need to keep art as a visceral experience , too , and not just an Internet experience , " said Ray , who plays in the group with Emily Saliers . It is "  going to be up to bands to keep touring and people to keep going to hear 'em . " Watch their live performance and interview with CNN " CNN talked with the Indigo Girls about the Internet , food , their Southern roots and their newest album 's strange name . The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : What 's been the primary influence for you all ? Has it been a place , like Atlanta ? Or has it been something else ? Emily Saliers : Atlanta and the South , just in general . ... Some of it comes through the content and some of it just comes through a vibe . We 're sort of a hootenanny bar band . We cut our teeth in Little Five Points Pub , and what we always like to do is bring people up on the stage and jam with us . ... We tie it back to the days when people just sat on the porch and played together . It 's a very Southern thing , an Appalachian thing . CNN : Tell me about the title for this album . Saliers : Mitchell Froom , the producer , came up with the title , and it was originally a joke . He said it and he laughed -- and we all laughed . Naming a record is probably one of the hardest things in the whole process , and that name just stuck with us . And it 's also cool because "  Poseidon " is a reference to a lyric in one of my songs , and "  Bitter Bug " is a reference to a lyric in one of Amy 's songs . So to be able to fit two of those pieces together in a way that works is cool . CNN : And you all are working as free agents on this -LSB- album -RSB- . Tell me about that . Amy Ray : We got dropped from the last label we were on , Hollywood , right before we were going to go into the studio , so we just kind of kept all of our plans in place and everyone that was going to be involved with us came to the table and gave us deals and made it work . ... Creatively we 've always done what we want , but on the business level it 's demoralizing when you feel like there 's not a team anymore because the label you 're on is n't really behind you or does n't know what to do , or is kind of paralyzed by the industry , generally . CNN : What are you all listening to lately ? Saliers : You know , I just bought yesterday -- I downloaded it -- Sean Lennon 's last record . I saw him on some obscure Japanese channel when we were in some other part of the world and I really like the sound of that . And then this artist named Sia . She sang with Zero 7 and she 's a really good artist , I like her stuff a lot . I like the Weepies . CNN : You -LSB- Emily Saliers -RSB- are a part owner in a restaurant here in Atlanta . ... Is there any kind of relationship between music and a good restaurant experience ? Saliers : There definitely is ! The name of the restaurant is Watershed , it 's in Decatur -LSB- Georgia -RSB- . We 're very fortunate to have Scott Peacock as our executive chef . ... He 's a very decorated chef but he also makes Southern food -- good Southern food . It 's kind of like what your grandmother would make if you grew up in the South : lots of lard and butter and comfort food ... I think the experience of sharing food is a lot like the experience of sharing music . It 's just something that people 's work goes into it and a lot of love goes into it , and then you share it together . CNN : I wonder what you make of Twitter and artists playing on Second Life and sort of all of these virtual personas that people have these days . Ray : I do n't really have a judgment about it one way or the other . I have a lot of friends that delve into all that stuff and it does n't stop them from being creative in other ways . I think it increases creativity and exercises a different part of your mind . ... My nieces and nephews , they 're very involved in -LSB- the video game -RSB- "  Rock Band " and stuff like that , which I think is really great because it 's introducing them to music , but I just want them to go outside sometime , too .  laughs  That 's all . Play in the woods a little bit . CNN : How has your collaboration changed over time ? Saliers : The way that we collaborate has n't changed that much . Amy writes her songs ; I write my songs . We write totally separately but then since the very beginning we 've come together to arrange songs . ... Over the years we 've picked up a few more instruments , so texturally we 're more expansive than we were when we were just two guitars at the very beginning . Now there 's harmonica and mandolin and banjo -- a little bit of keyboard . We mix that up , but the process is pretty much the same . We just trust it more now .	The Indigo Girls released their latest album , "  Poseidon and the Bitter Bug , " Tuesday The folk rockers talk with CNN about working on the independent effort The Atlanta duo recorded the album in just three weeks Band member : Writing process is the same , but "  we just trust it more now "
As Rep. Bill Cassidy wages a runoff campaign against Louisiana Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu , he 'll get some in-person support this weekend from Sarah Palin and "  Duck Dynasty " star Phil Robertson . Palin previously endorsed Cassidy 's GOP primary opponent Rob Maness , but now that the race has narrowed to a contest between Cassidy and Landrieu , Palin will help shore up the GOP vote for Cassidy . Palin and Robertson will attend a GOP unity rally for Cassidy on Saturday afternoon in Monroe , Cassidy 's spokesman confirmed . The story was first reported by Politico . It 's not the first time Palin has palled around with the "  Duck Dynasty " clan . Last year she spent time with the family in Monroe while she was on a book tour . In Louisiana 's jungle primary system , Landrieu won roughly 42 % of the vote , while Cassidy took 41 % and Maness took 14 % . According to state law , if no candidate gets more than 50 % of the vote , the top two contenders -- regardless of party-automatically go into a December runoff . CNN election results Republicans , eager to make another pick-up in the Senate , are spending big to rally the state 's GOP voters around Cassidy .	Sarah Palin will turn out in support for Bill Cassidy in Louisiana 's Senate runoff Palin endorsed Cassidy 's GOP opponent in the primary "  Duck Dynasty " star Phil Robertson is also set to attend
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Five Americans arrested on terror charges in Pakistan have been sentenced to at least 10 years in prison , the deputy prosecutor general said Thursday . The men , dubbed the "  D.C. Five , " will also have to pay a fine of 75,000 Pakistani rupees  $ 878  , public prosecutor Nadim Cheema said . They have the right to appeal to the Lahore High Court , he said . Each man was sentenced to 10 years for criminal conspiracy and five years on an anti-terrorism charge , specifically contributing to a banned organization for the purpose of conducting terrorist attacks , Deputy Prosecutor General Rana Bukhtar Ali said . It was not immediately clear whether the sentences must be served concurrently or consecutively . Cheema said the court had seen strong evidence such as incriminating e-mails and the suspects ' confessions . The five Americans -- Ahmed Abdullah Minni , Umar Farooq , Aman Hassan Yemer , Waqar Hussain Khan and Ramy Zamzam -- used to worship together at a mosque in Alexandria , Virginia , until they went missing in November and turned up in Pakistan . They were arrested in December in Sargodha , about 120 miles south of Islamabad , after their parents in the United States reported them missing . Pakistani authorities have described the men as college students intent on waging a holy war against "  infidels for the atrocities committed by them against Muslims around the world . " The men had said they were innocent and claimed they were tortured in jail . They pleaded not guilty to the charges , according to their attorney , Hassan Dastgir Katchela . CNN 's Thomas Evans contributed to this report .	Five jailed for 10 years for criminal conspiracy , five years on anti-terrorism charge "  D.C. Five " arrested in December in Pakistan after going missing in U.S. Pakistani authorities says men were college students intent on waging holy war Men said they were innocent and claimed they were tortured in jail
CNN  -- The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation announced Wednesday it will donate $ 50 million to help fight the Ebola outbreak in West Africa . More than 2,200 people have died in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , where the outbreak has been concentrated . Cases have also been reported in nearby Nigeria and Senegal . The foundation says the money will be used to enable international aid organizations and national governments "  to purchase badly needed supplies and scale up emergency operations in affected countries . " It will also "  work with public and private sector partners to accelerate the development of therapies , vaccines , and diagnostics that could be effective in treating patients and preventing further transmission of the disease . " The first human trial of an experimental Ebola vaccine began last week at the National Institutes of Health . This is considered the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history . The World Health Organization said Monday the rapid spread of the virus in Liberia shows no sign of slowing . "  The number of new cases is increasing exponentially , " WHO said , calling the situation a "  dire emergency with ... unprecedented dimensions of human suffering . " Taxis packed with families who fear they 've contracted the deadly virus criss-cross the Liberian capital , searching for a place where they can be treated , WHO said . But there are no available beds . "  As soon as a new Ebola treatment facility is opened , it immediately fills to overflowing with patients , " the U.N. group said . To help ease some of the burden on West Africa 's already over-taxed medical system , the United States announced Tuesday it will send $ 10 million in additional funds . That 's in addition to the $ 100 million Washington has already sent to help fight the outbreak . USAID also announced it will make $ 75 million in extra funds available . The new funds will pay for transportation and support to send 100 more health care workers to help fight the epidemic . The WHO and several nonprofit agencies on the ground have repeatedly called for the international community to send additional trained help . USAID funding has already provided 130,000 sets of personal protective equipment , 50,000 hygiene kits , and 1,000 new beds . USAID has created a website where trained nurses , physician assistants or doctors who want to help can sign up . On Sunday , President Barack Obama said the Ebola outbreak needs to be a "  national security priority . " Obama told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " that the U.S. military could help set up isolation units and provide security for public health workers . "  If we do n't make that effort now , and this spreads not just through Africa but other parts of the world , there 's the prospect then that the virus mutates . It becomes more easily transmittable . And then it could be a serious danger to the United States , " he said . U.S. ` ill-prepared ' for a pandemic , feds say CNN 's Betsy Klein contributed to this story .	Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation joins fight of Ebola outbreak in West Africa More than 2,200 people have died in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone Money will be used to purchase supplies and scale up emergency operations
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama will take a break from campaigning Thursday so he can visit his ailing grandmother in Hawaii , an Obama spokesman said Monday . Sen. Barack Obama will take a break from campaigning so he can visit his ailing grandmother . "  Sen. Obama 's grandmother Madelyn Dunham has always been one of the most important people in his life , " spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters . "  In the last few weeks , her health has deteriorated to the point where her situation is very serious . It is for that reason that Sen. Obama has decided to change his schedule on Thursday and Friday so that he can see her and spend some time with her , " Gibbs said . The interruption will cause Obama to cancel Thursday events in Madison , Wisconsin and Des Moines , Iowa . He will do an event in Indianapolis , Indiana , Thursday morning before leaving and will return to the campaign Saturday , Gibbs said . Michelle Obama will fill in for her husband on Friday at previously scheduled events in Columbus and Akron , Ohio , his campaign said . Obama speaks about his grandmother often on the stump , describing her as an integral figure in his youth who struggled against the glass ceiling in to make a better life for him . "  She 's the one who put off buying a new car or a new dress for herself so that I could have a better life , " he said in his acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention in August . "  She poured everything she had into me . And although she can no longer travel , I know that she 's watching tonight , and that tonight is her night as well . " He and his family traveled to Hawaii in August to visit her . The Obama team made the announcement after a busy day of trading attacks with Sen. John McCain on the Democratic presidential hopeful 's readiness for office . Monday also marked the first time that Obama appeared with Sen. Hillary Clinton during the general election season . Clinton went to Florida , a state she won in the primary but whose delegates she could not claim , to urge her supporters to turn out for Obama on Election Day . Clinton called Orlando and central Florida "  the battleground of the battleground " and practically begged the crowd to vote early . "  We are 15 days from the finish line and we can not falter , we can not stop , we can not take a single vote for granted , " Clinton said Monday . "  I am asking you to work as hard for Barack as you worked for me . If you made phone calls for me , make them for Barack . If you walked streets for me , make them for Barack . If you talked to your friends and neighbors for me , do it again for Barack . We can not risk four more years of the same failed Republican policies . " Earlier in the day , McCain told a crowd in Belton , Missouri , that the next president "  wo n't have time to get used to the office . " He was addressing comments made Sunday by Obama 's running mate , Sen. Joe Biden , in which he said Obama would be tested within the first six months of his presidency . "  We do n't want a president who invites testing from the world at a time when our economy is in crisis and Americans are already fighting in two wars , " McCain said . "  What is more troubling is that Sen. Biden told their campaign donors that when that crisis hits , they would have to stand with them because it would n't be apparent Sen. Obama would have the right response . The Obama-Biden campaign released a pre-emptive response after reading McCain 's scheduled remarks . "  With our nation facing two wars and 21st century threats abroad , Sen. Biden referenced the simple fact that history shows presidents face challenges from day one , " Obama spokesman David Wade said . "  After eight years of a failed foreign policy , we need Barack Obama 's good judgment and steady leadership , not the erratic and ideological Bush-McCain approach that has set back our security and standing in the world . " Earlier Monday , Obama denounced the "  say-anything , do-anything politics " of McCain 's camp , but said "  careless , outrageous comments " wo n't distract him from addressing the nation 's ills . Obama added that Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , McCain 's running mate , rejected some of the tactics when she spoke out against a flood of automated phone calls tying Obama to former radical William Ayers . The calls were reported in several battleground states . "  It 's getting so bad that even Sen. McCain 's running mate denounced his tactics last night , " Obama said at a campaign event in Tampa , Florida . "  As you know , you really have to work hard to violate Gov. Palin 's standards on negative campaigning . " Sunday night , Palin told reporters traveling with her that if she had her way , the McCain campaign and the Republican National Committee would not be flooding battleground states with the automated phone calls , which she said the Obama campaign was using too . Over the next 15 days , Obama said Monday , he will continue his quest for the Oval Office while disregarding the divisive politics that he said McCain is endorsing "  to keep us from working together . " The McCain campaign , meanwhile , continued its weekend assault on Obama 's tax plan , which it called an attempt to "  spread the wealth . " iReport.com : Send your questions for Sen. John McCain Speaking at a campaign event in St. Charles , Missouri , a chorus of boos rang out as the Arizona senator described his take on the plan . "  He believes in redistributing wealth -- not in policies that grow our economy and create jobs and opportunities for all Americans . Sen. Obama is more interested in controlling who gets your piece of the pie than in growing the pie . " In Colorado Springs , Colorado , Palin also continued her line of attack from the weekend , but softened her tone in that she did n't call Obama 's plan socialism . Watch Palin say Obama sounds like a socialist " Over the weekend , Palin and Sen. Mel Martinez , a Cuban-American GOP senator from Florida , called Obama 's plan socialism . Martinez compared the plan to the tax structure in communist Cuba . McCain has taken a softer tone . On Sunday , he dodged a question from Fox News ' Chris Wallace about whether Obama was a socialist , but said his rival 's tax plan was an effort "  to spread the wealth . " "  That 's one of the tenets of socialism , " McCain said . Watch Obama defend his plan " Obama 's tax plan calls for tax relief for 95 percent of workers and their families . Though nonpartisan tax policy organizations agree that 40 percent of Americans do n't pay income tax , many of those are lower-income earners who file payroll taxes through their employers . See the fact check After receiving an endorsement from Colin Powell , a former Republican secretary of state and retired Army general , Obama asked if Powell and billionaire Warren Buffett -- No. 2 on Forbes magazine 's 2008 list of richest Americans -- would have extended their backing if he was a socialist . Watch Obama explain Powell 's influence " Obama said he simply wants to give the middle class a tax cut . Powell came to Obama 's defense after endorsing the senator from Illinois . Powell said he had grown tired of McCain 's negative campaigning and that the American people would prefer to focus on issues like education , infrastructure and the economy . He specifically slammed Palin 's allegation that Obama 's tax plan is socialist , calling it misleading . iReport.com : What do you think about Powell 's endorsement ? "  For us to say that makes you a socialist , I think , is an unfortunate characterization that is n't accurate . "	NEW : Sen. Hillary Clinton urges Floridians to back Obama in appearance with him Obama will leave campaign trail Thursday after Indiana stop and return Saturday Rest of Thursday events canceled ; Michelle Obama will stand in on Friday McCain references Biden comment that Obama will be tested with early crisis
Negotiators from Colombia 's government and largest insurgent group concluded their first round of talks Thursday and voiced cautious optimism that they will eventually forge a peace deal . For 11 days , Colombian government representatives met with high-ranking members of the FARC guerrilla army , which for more than 50 years has tried to lead an armed revolution in the Andean nation . The meetings , which are being held in Cuba , are scheduled to resume next week . "  Building peace is collective work , " said lead government peace negotiator Humberto de la Calle . "  With the participation of everyone and without guns . The discussion should n't just be between the government and the FARC , but all of Colombian society . " Negotiators announced forums next month in Colombia where citizens will have the opportunity to offer their own suggestions for how land reform should be carried out as part of the peace plan . Providing land to Colombia 's poor is one of five topics the negotiators are expected to spend months debating , as well as ending FARC 's lucrative role in the drug and kidnapping trades . One difficult hurdle may be whether FARC leaders are required to serve prison sentences as some Colombian officials insist they should . Several FARC leaders face lengthy prison sentences in Colombia and the United States , a major backer of Colombia 's military and war against the guerrillas . High-ranking FARC member Simon Trinidad , the alias for Ricardo Palmera , is already serving a 60-year sentence in the United States . FARC negotiators named Palmera to their peace talks team and carried a life-sized cut-out of Palmera into a news conference on Thursday . "  We hope Simon Trinidad will be at the negotiating table , " said FARC lead negotiator Ivan Marquez . "  It would be a gesture of peace for Colombia . It ca n't all be about waging war . " Despite tough talk on both sides , negotiators said Thursday that the talks had at least started well . "  Very serious , profound things have been discussed , " said Rodrigo Granda , a negotiator for the FARC . "  This is just the beginning . " At least some of animosity between the negotiators had dissipated , said FARC spokeswoman Tanja Nijmeijer , a Dutch guerrilla who joined the FARC after traveling to Colombia to teach English there . "  During the talks it 's very good , " Nijmeijer said in English , "  There is even space for little jokes , for laughing . It 's a really good atmosphere . " Earlier this month , FARC announced it would temporarily halt its battle against government forces as a goodwill gesture . There have been sporadic attempts at peace since the 1980s . The last fell apart in 2002 . Then-President Andres Pastrana ceded an area the size of Switzerland to FARC , but ended negotiations after rebels launched a series of attacks across the country in an apparent bid to strengthen their position .	Talks are expected to resume next week Land reform forums scheduled "  This is just the beginning , " a FARC negotiator says The guerrillas announced a cease-fire earlier this month
CNN  -- Sadly there is nothing new about the atrocities being inflicted against civilians in the Central African Republic . What is new is the scale of the violence and widespread and arbitrary targeting of people solely because of their religion . Christian militia loyal to former President Francois Bozize began an offensive last week against the capital , Bangui . The militia attacked mosques , daubing walls with the slogan "  Tuer les musulmans "  Kill the Muslims  in what Amnesty International describes as "  a shocking escalation of anti-Muslim rhetoric within the Christian community . " In turn , largely Muslim militia known as the Seleka have killed Christians in their homes and attacked hospitals and churches . Tens of thousands of Christians have taken refuge in churches and Roman Catholic missions around the country . Some are taking shelter in hangars at the Bangui airport . One missionary in Bangui told a Roman Catholic charity : "  We have never seen anything as bad as this before . We 're at the mercy of God , please pray for us . " French troops are trying to disarm rival groups of vigilantes before a Rwanda-style genocide can take hold . But the Central African Republic is the size of France , and there are fewer than 2,000 of these troops currently deployed -- along with some 2,500 African peacekeepers . The French intervention has reduced the violence in Bangui , but the long-term danger is that sectarian brutality will perpetuate communal hatred . Some analysts and U.N. officials also fear the situation may fuel a regional confrontation between Christians and Muslims -- one that has already devastated northern Nigeria and is percolating in neighboring Cameroon . According to a senior U.N. official , the militant Islamist group Boko Haram -- which has instigated much of the anti-Christian violence in Nigeria -- already has a presence in the Central African Republic , where the lack of government authority , porous borders and a ready supply of weapons provide the perfect incubator for such groups . In most provinces , there is no police or judicial system . The rise of the Seleka militia Muslims make up 15 % of the country 's population and live mainly in the sparsely populated northeast . The Seleka , the loose alliance of Muslim militia , emerged a year ago in response to the neglect of the region as well as human rights abuses -- including rampant torture of prisoners -- by Bozize 's government . The Seleka began advancing south this year , burning and looting as it went and seizing Bangui in March . One leader , Michel Djotodia , proclaimed himself president , the first head of state from the marginalized northeast . The Seleka was later officially disbanded , but as many as 15,000 kept their arms and instead continued to wreak havoc in Bangui and elsewhere . They mainly targeted Christian communities , which in turn mobilized self-defense units known as anti-Balaka  literally "  anti-machete . " In September , Human Rights Watch reported that "  with no checks on  its  power , the Seleka rule  operated  arbitrarily and with complete impunity , with the government failing to follow through on its public commitment to bring to justice those responsible for recent abuses . " Rape , summary executions , the theft of food and burning of homes were common . The rights group said some of the Seleka fighters were as young as 13 . A report by a U.N. mission to the Security Council in October estimated 3,500 children were among the ex-Seleka fighters and found "  an alarming increase in inter-communal violence ...  which  threatens to degenerate into a country-wide religious and ethnic divide . " Complicating the picture , many of the Seleka are from outside the Central African Republic -- from neighboring Chad and Sudan . Some of the Sudanese were allegedly members of the militant Muslim Janjaweed militia , which killed thousands during the conflict in Darfur in western Sudan . Victims of Seleka attacks told Human Rights Watch that their assailants often spoke Arabic . Others in the Seleka had no ideology or political agenda : They just wanted power and wealth . The Central African Republic 's northeast is rich in diamonds . Like the Democratic Republic of Congo , the country has long suffered from the attention of outsiders wanting a slice of its natural resources : diamonds , gold , timber and ivory among them . It has borders with six countries and in its 53 years as an independent state has rarely seen political stability or economic growth . A bewildering array of rebel factions , based on ethnic and tribal affiliation or simply to serve a warlord 's ambitions , has risen and fallen . Sectarian killing may overlap with other problems Some analysts believe the fighting in the Central African Republic is not about Islam and Christianity , which have become labels under which people have taken shelter as the state has collapsed . Few of the Seleka -- or of the country 's Muslim minority -- would likely subscribe to Boko Haram 's virulently anti-Western message . Louisa Lombard , an anthropologist who has been visiting the Central African Republic for the last decade , said the sectarian killing overlaps with other grievances . "  Intercommunal relations have deteriorated for a lot of reasons : economic decline , for one , " Lombard told CNN . "  The speed with which alliances are made and broken in CAR shows that this is largely a question of resources . " There is also the perception that "  foreigners " control the country 's wealth , and a complete lack of trust among communities , Lombard said . "  This is not a case of religious extremism . This is a case of religion being bound up in other dividing lines in the society , " she added . But the current carnage , the physical separation and mutual fear of Christians and Muslims , provide a fertile recruiting ground for extremists . The U.N. report warned the dynamic of religious violence may spill beyond the Central African Republic and be exploited by groups from outside the country . It said tensions between Muslims and Christians "  might well lead to uncontrollable sectarian violence with untold consequences for the country , the subregion and beyond . " That can work both ways . Edmond Mulet , the U.N. assistant secretary-general for peacekeeping , told the Voice of America this week there are indications Boko Haram has some kind of presence in the country . Lombard said radical Islam may be growing from a narrow base but said she sees no evidence of Boko Haram there . Recruiting ground for extremists Militant Islamist groups do have a growing presence elsewhere in West Africa , from Mauritania in the north to Cameroon in the south . Moderate Muslim leaders in Cameroon allege that Boko Haram has begun recruiting there . According to a U.S. diplomatic cable published by WikiLeaks , Cameroon President Paul Biya told the U.S. ambassador in 2010 that he "  was concerned about the threat of Islamic extremism  and  beginning to worry about Islamic extremists infiltrating Cameroon from Nigeria and making inroads through Cameroonian mosques . " Last week , Boko Haram demonstrated its resilience in the face of a crackdown by Nigerian security forces with a mass attack on an air force base in the northern city of Maiduguri . Nigerian sources said several hundred men were involved and had arrived in a convoy of trucks . One captured fighter , paraded at a news conference , claimed that Boko Haram now had men from Niger , Chad and Cameroon in its ranks . Boko Haram has already shown it can operate beyond Nigeria , kidnapping a French priest in northern Cameroon last month . Intelligence sources told CNN this year that Boko Haram had trained with jihadist groups in remote areas of northern Mali before the French military intervention there , an assertion French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius recently repeated . But in the immediate future , the people of the Central African Republic face far greater challenges than the infiltration by militant groups . UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador Mia Farrow , who has visited the country several times , said six years ago she felt its citizens were "  the most abandoned people on earth . " Their situation has worsened since then . Even before the latest implosion , some two-thirds of its people lived below the poverty line . Average adult life expectancy is 48 years , the second lowest in the world . In the past year , more than half a million have been displaced ; one in four of the population has inadequate access to food . The United Nations said in the past week alone more than 70,000 people in Bangui fled their homes . Many have vanished into the bush beyond the reach of aid agencies . Even if the United Nations and nongovernmental organizations can raise funds needed to deal with the humanitarian crisis , Lombard and others said the Central African Republic faces a long , hard road to anything resembling stability . "  In the middle and longer term , a real political project will be needed -- something that makes the country 's politics more inclusive and establishes a kind of social contract , " Lombard said . "  Unfortunately , that is not something that international organizations are very well placed to help with . " She added , "  We 'll really be starting from scratch , but we wo n't be starting with a clean slate . The long history of violent politics is inscribed in this place . "	Some analysts fear fighting could fuel regional confrontation between Christians , Muslims "  We have never seen anything as bad as this before , " missionary says of violence Largely Muslim militia known as the Seleka wreaking havoc in capital and beyond Anthropologist : Sectarian killing overlaps with other grievances in Central African Republic
CNN  -- At a time when gas prices are at an all-time high , Americans have curtailed their driving at a historic rate . Americans are not driving as much as they did a year ago as gas prices skyrocket . The Department of Transportation said figures from March show the steepest decrease in driving ever recorded . Compared with March a year earlier , Americans drove an estimated 4.3 percent less -- that 's 11 billion fewer miles , the DOT 's Federal Highway Administration said Monday , calling it "  the sharpest yearly drop for any month in FHWA history . " Records have been kept since 1942 . According to AAA , for the first time since 2002 , Americans said they were planning to drive less over the Memorial Day weekend than they did the year before . Tracy and Adam Crews posted on iReport that their annual Memorial Day weekend has traditionally involved camping and fishing . "  Well , due to the continual rise in gas , we felt our only recourse was to nix the idea this year and stay home " in Jacksonville , Florida , they wrote . Instead , the couple said they "  decided to camp out in the backyard . We set the tent up , just finished installing our above ground pool , and cleaned up the grill . ... We have ourselves a campsite ! It 's been a blast ! " Nakeisha Easterwood of Smyrna , Georgia , said with gas prices on the rise , she sometimes catches rides with friends , and does n't drive into town more than once a day . "  It 's crazy , " she said . According to AAA , the national average price for a gallon of regular gas rose to a record $ 3.936 . That compares with an average price per gallon of $ 3.23 last Memorial Day . "  With it being near $ 4 a gallon , you definitely have to drive slower and pick and choose when you 're going to do it , " said Steve Kahn of Roswell , Georgia , at a Memorial Day festival in Atlanta . Some Americans have turned to public transportation . Ridership increased by 2.1 percent in 2007 , in part because of rising gas prices , according to the American Public Transportation Association . Americans took 10.3 billion trips on public transportation in 2007 , the highest level in 50 years , the group said . The Energy Information Administration says gas consumption for the first three months of 2008 is estimated to be down about 0.6 percent from the same time period in 2007 . For the summer season , gas consumption is expected to be down 0.4 percent from last year .	March figures show steepest decline in driving since 1942 Compared with last year , drivers have logged 11 billion fewer miles , the DOT says Americans planned to drive less over Memorial Day weekend , AAA reports Public transportation ridership on rise , in part because of gas prices , group says
CNN  -- Bahraini authorities on Sunday explicitly tied the recent arrests of alleged "  terrorist cell " members with Iran , claiming the suspects got funding from that Middle Eastern nation and had ties to Iran 's Revolutionary Guard and Basij , according to a state media report . A day earlier , a Bahrain Ministry of Interior spokesman said authorities had arrested five people for allegedly planning attacks against -- among other targets -- the interior ministry building , the King Fahad Causeway and Saudi Arabia 's embassy in Manama . On Sunday , a spokesman for the public prosecution office -- which has taken over the investigation from the interior ministry -- offered new details about the alleged plotters . Much of the new information was derived from what the official Bahrain News Agency describes as "  confessions made by some of the accused gangsters . " The BNA report stated the alleged terrorists had connected with "  militant elements in  Iran 's  Revolutionary Guard " and Basij , the volunteer paramilitary group allied with Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . The Bahrain prosecutor 's spokesman claimed the suspected terrorists planning , and operations , were dependent on "  foreign financing . " The BNA report specifically referenced money that one suspect supposedly got during a visit to Iran . Another report , released early Monday by Iran 's state-run Press TV , described the arrests and Bahraini claims as "  anti-Iran political theater . " "  Manama has made similar allegations on a number of occasions , and every time Iran has denied all the charges , " the Press TV report said . A Bahrain interior ministry spokesman had earlier said , in a statement , that Qatari security authorities initially arrested four Bahrainis who had entered Qatar from neighboring Saudi Arabia . The suspects were carrying documents and a laptop "  containing sensitive security information and details about some places and vital establishments in Bahrain , as well as airline bookings to Syria , " the spokesman 's statement said . The suspects were also carrying a "  significant " amount of U.S. and Iranian currency , the spokesman said . The Qatari Security Authority learned that the four suspects left Bahrain "  after being incited by others to head to Iran , " and then they passed through Qatar and Syria "  to establish a group that carries out armed terrorist operations in Bahrain , " the spokesman 's statement said . The four defendants provided information about a fifth suspect in Bahrain , who was also arrested , Bahraini authorities said .	NEW : State-run Iranian media describes the report as "  anti-Iran political theater " Bahrain announced Saturday that 5 alleged "  terrorist cell " members had been arrested A prosecutor 's spokesman offers details Sunday to official media on the alleged plotters The suspects had ties to Iran 's Revolutionary Guard and Basij , the state report says
CNN  -- Seagoing vacations have come a long way since TV 's sunny Love Boat sailed across 1970s screens . These days , passengers can snuggle up to an ice bar , learn cooking with a Michelin-starred chef or plummet down theme park-size waterslides , all from the comfort of stylish , seagoing resorts . More than 200 passenger vessels ply the world 's rivers and seas , and each year brings a new fleet of ships setting sail for new destinations and sporting new amenities . There truly is a cruise ship for every type of traveler . Families , for instance , will appreciate the 4,000-passenger Disney Fantasy , with "  enchanted " art that interacts with guests , over-the-top stage shows and an adults-only zone . But cruising is n't just about the ships themselves . For many travelers , what matters most is the places they take you . New ships are indeed sailing far and wide , along the Mekong River through Vietnam and Cambodia  Uniworld 's 60-passenger River Orchid  , past historic castles lining the Danube River  the 190-passenger Viking Longships  , and even to the Arctic Circle on Compagnie du Ponant 's luxe mega-yacht Le Soleal , which departs on its maiden voyage in June 2013 . 73-year-old to sail solo around world in ` bathtub ' boat Wherever you go , whatever the ship , at some point you 'll likely find yourself standing on the deck , a glass of champagne in hand . You 'll pause to admire views of pirate islands and whales and icebergs going by . Or you 'll experience the thrill of sailing into Venice 's Grand Canal or Hong Kong 's futuristic harbor . And for the moment , at least , you 're the admiral of all you see . Read on to find the ship that suits your cruise personality . Disney Fantasy Launched : January 2012 Capacity : 4,000 Great for : Kids of every age . Destinations : From Port Canaveral , Florida , to the Caribbean , with stops in St. Maarten , St. Thomas and on Castaway Cay , in the Bahamas . Highlights : "  Enchanted " art that interacts with guests ; over-the-top stage shows , such as "  Aladdin -- A Musical Spectacular ; " a waterslide that juts beyond the edge of the ship ; and  phew  adults-only areas . disneycruise.disney.go.com . Oceania Riviera Launched : May 2012 Capacity : 1,250 Great for : The food-obsessed . Destinations : From Miami to the Caribbean in winter ; Venice , Rome , Istanbul and Athens in summer . Highlights : Restaurant by Jacques Pépin ; Napa-worthy wine cellar ; hands-on cooking classes in the Bon Appétit Culinary Center ; chef-led culinary tours . oceaniacruises.com . Carnival Breeze Launched : June 2012 Capacity : 3,690 Great for : Thrill seekers . Destinations : From Miami to Grand Turk , Turks and Caicos , Aruba and other Caribbean ports . Highlights : Touted as a Fun Ship 2.0 , it holds a full water park , a 4-D interactive movie theater , a Guy Fieri burger joint and a comedy club with acts curated by George Lopez . carnival.com . Travel + Leisure : Best Secret Beaches on Earth Celebrity Reflection Launched : October 2012 Capacity : 3,046 Great for : Urban sophisticates . Destinations : Winter and spring from Miami to the Caribbean ; summer from Rome to Greece and Turkey . Highlights : AquaClass Spa Suites , which have full-time butlers and private verandas ; a lawn club with grills and live grass ; a Turkish hammam . celebritycruises.com . Uniworld River Orchid Launching : January 2013 Capacity : 60 Great for : Soft adventurers . Destinations : The Mekong River , from Ho Chi Minh City to Hanoi , Vietnam , including stops in Phnom Penh and Siem Reap , Cambodia . Highlights : Panoramic open-air restaurant ; high staff-to-guest ratio ; an exterior promenade ; sampans  small boats  on loan ; film screenings ; VIP check-in at onshore hotels . uniworld.com . Travel + Leisure : America 's Best Family Hotels Norwegian Breakaway Launching : April 2013 Capacity : 4,000 Great for : Stuntmen and the people who love them . Destinations : Year-round from New York ; winter to the Caribbean , Florida and the Bahamas ; summer to Bermuda . Highlights : A ropes course , including a "  walk the plank "  with a harness  feature ; large aquatic park ; restaurant by chef Geoffrey Zakarian ; Rock of Ages Broadway production ; three-story sports complex ; oceanfront "  boardwalk " lined with bars and restaurants . ncl.com . Royal Princess Launching : June 2013 Capacity : 3,600 Great for : Revelers of every age . Destinations : Summer Mediterranean sailings from Barcelona and Venice ; winter Caribbean itineraries from Fort Lauderdale , Florida . Highlights : "  SeaWalk " cantilevered over the ship 's edge with a private bar ; enormous upper-deck pool with an evening light show ; private poolside cabanas at an adults-only pool . princess.com . Travel + Leisure : World 's best islands Ponant Le Soleal Launching : June 2013 Capacity : 264 Great for : Jet-setters . Destinations : Summer in the Arctic Circle ; fall in Russia or Asia , with stops from Japan to Vietnam . Highlights : Mega-yacht ambience ; private butler service ; French cuisine ; unique itineraries with naturalist guides ; Carita spa . en.ponant.com . Viking Longships Launching : 2012 and 2013 Capacity : 190 Great for : Culture vultures . Destinations : The Danube , Rhine and Main rivers . Highlights : Panoramas from a 360-degree-view sundeck ; staterooms whose glass walls slide open , turning them into private verandas ; two Explorer suites with wraparound terraces . vikingrivercruises.com . Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	There are more than 200 cruise ships sailing the world 's rivers and seas There are ships dedicated to family fun , cooking , active living and high-end travel Cruising is taking travelers to diverse destinations , including the Mekong River and the Arctic Circle
Washington  CNN  -- To understand how messed up Republican politics are these days , examine two votes in Congress this week that demonstrated the level of GOP dysfunction amid the confusing dynamics of an election year in Washington . On Tuesday , House Speaker John Boehner and 27 other Republicans voted to allow the federal borrowing limit to increase , joining nearly unanimous Democratic support to pass the debt-ceiling measure over the opposition of the other 199 GOP members . The next day , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and 11 GOP colleagues voted with the Democratic majority to reject an attempted filibuster of the same legislation by fellow Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas . Minutes later , all 12 of the GOP senators who helped defeat the filibuster bid voted with Cruz and the rest of the Senate Republicans against final approval of the debt-ceiling plan , which passed anyway due to unanimous Democratic support . In other words , Republican leaders in Congress sided with Democrats to push through legislation opposed by most of their colleagues . In the Senate , they then voted against the proposal that their earlier support ensured would pass . Senate passes debt-ceiling plan in blow to tea party Election year politics Here 's the really strange part -- it all makes sense , at least in the context of a divided Republican Party less than nine months before congressional elections in which every House seat and 36 of the 100 Senate seats will be contested . The situations in the House and Senate differed in specifics but shared a common root -- more extreme conservatives foiled plans by GOP leaders to avoid a politically damaging showdown over the debt ceiling while still registering Republican opposition to increased federal borrowing . According to public statements , nobody wanted another debt-ceiling stalemate like those of the past three years that unsettled financial markets and caused the first downgrade of the U.S. credit rating in 2011 . A recent CNN/ORC International poll found that 54 % of respondents would blame congressional Republicans for a failure to raise the debt ceiling , while 29 % would blame President Barack Obama and 12 % would blame both . Fresh memories of public blame for the 16-day government shutdown in October also motivated Republican leaders to try to steer clear of another standoff . However , conservative disdain for anything smelling of more federal borrowing -- especially in an election year -- torpedoed Boehner 's efforts to forge a compromise that would include some deficit-reduction provisions . Boehner 's dilemma His final attempt was to tack on a politically popular proposal that repealed cuts to military pensions in the recent budget agreement . When Boehner 's caucus rejected it , the Ohioan decided to violate his own rule by holding a vote on a "  clean " debt-ceiling plan with no accompanying spending cuts , which passed on Tuesday because of strong Democratic support . The House result offered McConnell a face-saving chance to avoid any Senate Republicans from having to vote for the debt-ceiling measure . He and other GOP leaders urged their colleagues to let Democrats pass the House version while Republicans opposed it , but Cruz 's filibuster bid meant that at least five GOP votes would be needed to prevent another Washington impasse . In a dramatic moment Wednesday on the Senate floor , McConnell and fellow GOP leader Sen. John Cornyn of Texas cast the two votes needed to reach the threshold of 60 to overcome the filibuster attempt . Other GOP colleagues then changed their votes to provide some political cover , but the damage was done . Both McConnell and Cornyn -- longtime conservatives considered Obama 's harshest Senate foes -- face primary challenges from further to the right this year . Shortly after Wednesday 's votes , the campaign of McConnell 's primary opponent in Kentucky , tea party conservative Matt Bevin , highlighted how the senator helped defeat the filibuster against the debt limit measure . Boehner says ` never mind ' on immigration Political pragmatism Some GOP colleagues praised Boehner and McConnell for putting party welfare ahead of personal political risk . "  It was a very courageous act , especially Sen. McConnell , who we all know is in a very tough race , " said GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona , one of the Republicans who changed his vote to help overcome the filibuster bid . "  He 's the elected Republican leader and it 's up to him to cast the right vote . " Fellow Republican Sen. Mike Johanns of Nebraska said the debt-ceiling issue had to be resolved to prevent harmful financial and political fallout . "  That 's just the reality , " he said . "  You can deal with it with 60 votes or a majority , but at the end of the day , you had to deal with it . " Cruz was unapologetic , attacking his fellow Republicans and Democrats as unresponsive to the rising federal debt . "  Today was a classic victory for Washington establishment interests , and the people who lost today were the American people , " he said . As expected , Democrats offered a different assessment . "  A real civil war " "  It is encouraging that some of my Republican colleagues seem to be regaining their grip on sanity this week , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said before Wednesday 's votes , while fellow Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri told MSNBC that Republicans have "  a real civil war on their hands . " "  They have rigid ideologues that are pushing a very narrow agenda , a very narrow view of what America is , and then they 've got a lot of Republicans that are not that extreme , and they 're in a big battle right now , " she said . "  And you see it every day around here . " To CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger , Cruz put his own agenda of appealing to the tea party right ahead of the GOP leadership 's strategy . She noted he did the same thing to cause last year 's government shutdown by trying to link federal spending to efforts to dismantle Obama 's signature health care reforms , which conservatives detest . Republicans still smarting from that defeat "  are looking at Ted Cruz today and going , ` Oh my God , did n't you learn the lesson of the government shutdown ? ' " Borger said , adding that "  it 's about him . " CNN 's Dana Bash , Ted Barrett and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Republican leaders seek the best of both worlds in election-year politics On the debt ceiling , they wanted to oppose an increase they knew was needed The goal was to avoid the ire of conservatives by getting Democrats to pass it Resistance by the tea party wing forced GOP leaders to take politically risky steps
CNN  -- As we well know , ISIS is recruiting angry young men as far afield as Minneapolis and London . The allure is much like the allure of a street gang -- in part , because ISIS looks an awful lot like a street gang . Gangs have long been understood as a collective response or "  solution " to the strains encountered by their respective members . For some youth , ISIS has become the "  solution . " They are searching for the same protection and respect that pull people into gangs . The difference is they are pushed by feelings of marginalization , victimization , and vulnerability that stem from the state 's purported failure to protect Muslim interests . "  Fear leads to anger . Anger leads to hate , " Yoda once said . Anger also incites people to action , lowers inhibitions , and fashions a desire for revenge . There are legitimate concerns about radicalization among existing gang members , because they typically live out the same sociocultural and racial exclusion . Gang members already hold more anti-authority attitudes than the rest of us . Add to this the fact many of them go to prison each year , where they come into contact with radicalized individuals and are subject to influence , and the die has been cast . For some gang members , joining ISIS could even make real the mythologized gang life that made gang membership originally so appealing . Real gang life -- where gang members stand around in the rain waiting for something to happen , or beg , borrow , and steal converted imitation firearms to make good on their threats -- rarely lives up to the hype . Hence , many real gang members still live at home with their mothers . ISIS , by contrast , lives up to the myth . ISIS is armed to the teeth with samurai swords and Kalashnikovs . ISIS governs vast territories and shapes futures . ISIS , flush with oil money , pays far better than minimum wage . ISIS is the street gang on steroids . Like many gangs , ISIS grew out of another group  al Qaeda in Iraq ,  evolved under charismatic authority  Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi ,  made some territorial gains  Syria and Iraq ,  changed its name a few times  IS , ISIS , ISIL ,  and , eventually , provoked a militarized response . In no way does this diminish the threat ISIS poses . In gang colors , dissing a rival gang in a self-produced YouTube video earns you five minutes of fame at best . Under ISIS 's black flag , beheading an aid worker guarantees life in 24-hour news in perpetuity . Having studied how gangs work , I know first-hand some gang members are Islamists . Others are attracted by the concept of terrorism . When gang members identify with Islam , however , it is only on a superficial level . Above all , gang members desire to be feared , thus , as in the Muslim Boys case in London , they strategically pose as jihadists and trade on powerful false perceptions about links to al Qaeda . Both groups also look for all possible ways to enhance their reputation for violence because violence has a property that other commodities lack : A reputation for violence reduces the need for actual violence . To this end , just as Internet-based forms of communication play a key role in the cultural transmission of gang symbols and practice , technology also "  advances the motives and accelerates the methods of radicalization . " Contrary to popular belief , however , neither gangs nor terrorist groups formally "  recruit " via the Internet because "  cheap talk " online can not be trusted . Another thing gangs and terrorists group share , is a deep tension between personnel needs and infiltration risks . As a result , many are called to both groups but few are chosen . Material incentives attract opportunists , so groups screen for commitment . Illegal activity attracts law enforcement , so they also screen for trustworthiness . Terrorists recruit in mosques for the same reasons gangs recruit in neighborhoods -- racial and ethnic homogeneity and residential stability inherently promote trust and , in the context of repeated interaction , reputations are acquired and authenticated . But radicalization , like gang membership , lives on a spectrum . Radicalization , like gang membership , is also a gradual process . It begins with personal relationships . Lost men congregate at mosques , in neighborhoods , and online , finding others like them . They build friendships around their faith and its obligations or along the lines of shared identities and social networks . Eventually , this "  bunch of guys " comes to constitute a closed society that provides a sense of meaning that otherwise does not exist in the larger world . Terror intervention , like gang intervention , needs an emphasis not on the traditional "  hot spots " for radicalization , but rather the "  hot people " most deeply embedded in extremist networks . This is important . The old "  hot spot " approach to gang suppression alienated communities of color by reinforcing the "  us versus them " mentality that forced many people into gangs in the first place . Our current version of "  shock and awe " in response to ISIS risks prompting retaliation for the same reason : It gives legitimacy to the extremist argument that the West is complicit in the death of Muslims around the world . As they say in the gang , if you live by the gun , you die by the gun . To bring peace , both on the streets and in Syria , underlying social and political grievances must be addressed . EXCLUSIVE : From schoolteacher to ISIS member The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Densley .	Young ISIS recruits are searching for same protection and respect as gang members ISIS can deliver the myths of gang life , giving access to guns , power and money Gangs and terrorists share a tension between personnel needs and infiltration risks To tackle gangs and ISIS , underlying social and political grievances must be addressed
CNN  -- Marion Bartoli has retired from tennis with immediate effect , just six weeks after winning her first grand slam title at Wimbledon . The Frenchwoman , who beat Germany 's Sabine Lisicki to be crowned champion at the All England Club , broke down in tears as she told reporters her body could no longer handle the strain of competing at the top level . The announcement came following the world No. 7 's 3-6 6-4 6-1 defeat to Romania 's Simona Halep in the second round of the Western and Southern Open . "  This was actually the last match of my career . Sorry , " the 28-year-old said during an emotional press conference in Cincinnati . "  My body just ca n't do it anymore . I 've already been through a lot of injuries since the beginning of the year . "  I 've been on the tour for so long , and I really pushed through and left it all during that Wimbledon . I really felt I gave all the energy I have left in my body . "  I made my dream a reality and it will stay with me forever , but now my body just ca n't cope with everything . I have pain everywhere after 45 minutes or an hour of play . I 've been doing this for so long , and body-wise I just ca n't do it anymore . " Bartoli had not planned on calling time on her career prior to the match , but she knew once the contest had finished that it was time to hang up her racket . "  You never know before the match that it 's going to be your last match , " she explained , "  but I just felt that way after the match . "  I felt I just could n't do this anymore . After one set , my whole body was just in pain . "  It 's been a tough decision to make . I did n't make this decision easily . I 've been a tennis player for a long time , and I had the chance to make my biggest dream a reality . I felt I really , really pushed through the ultimate limits to make it happen . "  But now I just ca n't do it anymore . " Bartoli turned pro in 2000 and , after battling for 13 years to win one of tennis ' four grand slams , she now feels the time has earned the right to focus on other areas of her life . "  As a tennis player you had to be at 100 % , " she added . "  I 'm the kind of person , when I 'm doing something , I 'm doing it 100 % . I have to be on the practice court preparing for the next tournament tomorrow . "  There are so many things to do in life rather than playing tennis , so I 'm sure I 'll find something . I just need a bit of time to settle down . "  There is a lot of excitement as a woman . There is a lot of excitement as a wife . There is a lot of excitement as a mother . There is a lot of excitement to come up . " Bartoli was taught tennis as a child by her father Walter , a doctor who coached her for most of her playing days until they split earlier this year and she began working with former world No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo . "  I called him , yes . But my dad knows me enough to know it a bit when he saw me leaving home for the States , " Bartoli said . "  He kind of felt I was tired and I was exhausted , and he was not surprised by the decision . "  He said , ' I kind of felt it somehow . I can see it in your eyes and see your body and I know all the work you 've done to make it happen . I 'm so proud of you . I will support you in anything you 're doing . ' " Bartoli first came to prominence when she reached the 2007 Wimbledon final , losing to Venus Williams . An unorthodox player with a distinctive serving style , she earned more than $ 11 million on the court -- $ 2.87 million of that this year -- with eight WTA Tour titles . "  I congratulate Marion on her long , successful career , " said WTA Tour chief Stacey Allaster . "  She is an inspirational champion and a great ambassador for women 's tennis that has dedicated her life to the sport and given so much back to the game . " Courtney Nguyen , a tennis writer with SI.com , said the timing of Bartoli 's decision has stunned everyone . "  It is quite shocking , even before this tournament she had been making plans to play in exhibitions in Australia in January , she had been talking about still being motivated and wanting to achieve more goals in tennis , " Nguyen told CNN . "  I think a lot of people are either second guessing her decision or just saying ` You know what , Marion Bartoli played her tennis career on her own terms , in her own way , this is exactly the way Marion Bartoli would go out . ' " Goran Ivanisevic , who was unable to defend his Wimbledon title in 2002 due to injury , said Bartoli might regret her decision when next year 's tournament starts in late June . "  There is nothing like playing at Wimbledon as ` Wimbledon champion . ' I could n't defend . " the Croatian told the website of the senior players ' Champions Tour . Guy Forget , who was Bartoli 's captain in France 's 2004 Fed Cup team , said she may have made a hasty decision . "  Marion is a very smart girl , she is so dedicated about the sport that I 'm always very cautious about someone 's quote right after a defeat , and that happened right after she lost , " the former world No. 4 told the Champions Tour website . "  I hope she is going to change her mind . You do n't want to have regrets looking back . Being a professional player is such an exceptional job and you do n't want to look back in a few months or years later and think , ` Why did I stop ? ' "  Go to the beach for a few days , go running in the park , just get your head together , spend some time with your friends . And , if you do n't want to play the next week , just do n't play it -- if you want to miss the U.S. Open , fine . "  But just do n't quit , do n't take such a radical decision only a few weeks after winning the biggest tournament in the world . "	Marion Bartoli retires from tennis with immediate effect The Frenchwoman made the announcement after losing to Romania 's Simona Halep Bartoli won the Wimbledon title by beating Sabine Lisicki just six weeks ago The world No. 7 says her body can no longer take the strain of professional tennis
Beijing  CNN  -- It was 2 a.m. on Sunday April 18 , 1989 when the phone rang , jolting me out of bed . I recognized the distinctive voice of the caller Jiang Liren , a student at Peking University , also known in Chinese as Beida . "  Our group is marching out of Beida now , " he said excitedly . "  We are going to Tiananmen Square . If you want to see this rally , you better come now . " Jiang was a student leader I had befriended weeks earlier while visiting Beida , my alma mater . For months , Beida had been the center of student ferment . I was then a correspondent for TIME in China . Of course , I was keen to cover what seemed like a reawakening of campus activism . I grabbed my satchel , bolted from our apartment and drove to Peking University , some 12 miles from the city center . I was more excited than tense . It had been a long time since Chinese had dared demonstrate on the streets . Tension had been building in Beijing , in the officialdom and among political activists , since Hu Yaobang was unceremoniously dismissed as Communist Party chief . Hu was lined up to succeed his mentor Deng Xiaoping , but he was sacked for being too soft on "  bourgeois liberalization " , a catchphrase for Western political ideas and cultural influences . He was specifically blamed for failing to suppress waves of student demonstrations that buffeted several Chinese cities from December 1986 to January 1987 . Upon Hu 's dismissal , Chinese premier Zhao Ziyang took over as acting General Secretary . On April 15 , 1989 , Hu Yaobang died after suffering a heart attack . His death came as a shock to many Chinese , especially among Beijing 's intelligentsia who considered the defrocked leader as a champion of reform . Students lionized Hu as a open-minded Communist leader . Past midnight on April 18 , more than 4,000 students from Peking University and People 's University marched out of their campuses and set off on a 12-mile bivouac to Tiananmen Square . Holding hands and linking arms , the students chanted patriotic slogans and sung the national anthem and the Internationale , the Communist Party 's anthem . As their ranks swelled I abandoned my car and followed their march for four hours . Hundreds of Beijing residents joined the procession , on foot and on their bicycles . Police arrived but did not try to stop them . It was a precedent-setting breach of the government ban on demonstrations . READ MORE : 25 years on , Tiananmen no less taboo for censors When the rallyists reached the mostly empty and unlighted Square , a dozen protesters unfurled a 20-foot long white sheet of cloth . Splashed on it in big black characters : CHINA 'S SOUL . By then it was daybreak . As the students dispersed peacefully , I walked back home , pondering what the march meant and how I could get TIME editors interested in doing a story . My editors did not need much prompting . For the next few days , students continued their public gatherings , making speeches , writing posters , staging sit-ins and marching in the streets . Their numbers swelled as students from other colleges joined in . At each turn of events , the indecision and successive blunders of the Chinese authorities served only to embolden the protesters , and widen what evolved into an epic student movement . Week after week for over two months , the global media 's attention focused on Tiananmen , as the students and their supporters denounced official corruption and clamored for reforms , freedom and democracy . From April through June , TIME ran five cover stories , four consecutively , on the Tiananmen protests . Little did I know that , when I was awakened by that early morning phone call , it would be just the beginning of what would later be known alternatively as the "  Tiananmen Incident " and the "  Tiananmen Massacre " , a student movement that would snowball into a massive People Power protest -- and end so tragically on June 4 , 1989 .	CNN Beijing bureau chief Jaime FlorCruz was a TIME correspondent in Beijing in 1989 25 years ago he received a 2 a.m. phone call informing him of a student march on Tiananmen He followed the students on their march , inspired by the death of a sacked Party chief He had little notion that what would unfold would shake China and grip the world 's attention
As evidenced by media stories and public awareness campaigns , Americans have resolved to get tough on bullying . In that spirit , it 's time to send a message to bullies with badges . We need to tell police who prey on the vulnerable : "  No more ! When you pile on a suspect and beat him to death , we will treat you just like any other alleged criminal . We will arrest you and prosecute you . And if convicted , you will go to prison for a very long time . We will make an example out of you so that other police officers will think twice before abusing their power . " The messenger could be the jury that will hear the case against two police officers in Fullerton , California , a city about 25 miles southeast of Los Angeles . A judge ruled Wednesday that the officers will stand trial in the beating death last July of Kelly Thomas , a 37-year-old homeless man afflicted with schizophrenia . Cpl. Jay Patrick Cicinelli is charged with involuntary manslaughter and felony use of excessive force . Officer Manuel Ramos faces the more serious charge of second-degree murder , because prosecutors believe he took a more active role in the assault . Both officers have pleaded not guilty . This week , at the preliminary hearing to determine whether enough evidence supports proceeding with a trial , prosecutors aired a graphic video of the savage beating . The footage shows about a half dozen officers punching and kicking and putting pressure on Thomas ' chest , firing electric shocks from a Taser stun gun , all to supposedly subdue a suspect well beyond the point where he is resisting or capable of resisting arrest . Early on , Ramos appears to tell the young man who is sitting on the ground : "  You see my fists ? They 're getting ready to f -- you up ! " Another police officer is heard saying : "  We ran out of options so I got to the end of my Taser and I ... smashed his face to hell . " By the end of the video , Thomas is lying in a pool of blood . According to prosecutors , the young man suffered brain injuries , facial fractures , broken ribs and extensive bruises and abrasions . He died five days later . What we see in that 33 minutes of footage , including a defenseless Thomas screaming in pain , saying he 's sorry and pleading for help , should never happen in the United States of America . When it does happen , it ca n't be tolerated , justified , or excused . That 's coming from the son of a retired cop . My father wore a badge for 36 years , and he has no stomach for police brutality . In fact , about 20 years ago , when another piece of videotape surfaced -- that of the Rodney King beating by police officers in 1991 -- I remember my father telling me that , as far as he was concerned , those out-of-control law enforcement officers wailing on King had ceased being cops and become little more than thugs and criminals . As it turns out , Thomas ' father is also a retired law enforcement officer . After his son died , Ron Thomas made it his mission to make sure the story got out and would not be forgotten . He used social media and the Internet to show the world what those officers had done to his son , complete with graphic photos that he took at the side of Kelly Thomas ' hospital bed . This is a good dad . But he was also , apparently , a good cop who trained fellow deputies on the right way to take down suspects . This is the wrong way . Thomas described the officers ' actions as nothing less than a "  hate crime against the homeless and mentally ill . " Last year , Fullerton city officials offered Thomas nearly a million dollars to settle the case . He turned it down , and instead pushed for a criminal trial . This should bring some small comfort to Ron Thomas . He needs it . He has to carry around with him for the rest of his life that , as his son was fighting for his life , he cried out for his father to protect him from these bullies . On the video , we hear Kelly Thomas screaming : "  Daddy , help ! They 're killing me ! " As a father myself , those words break my heart . "  Daddy , help ! They 're killing me ! " He was killed . And now , if the cops are convicted of this crime , they have to pay .	Two police officers are charged in the beating death last July of Kelly Thomas Ruben Navarrette : Courts must treat cops the same as any suspected criminals Victim was a homeless mentally ill man , his dad a retired cop with a mission for justice Navarrette : It 's hard to watch horrifying video showing Thomas begging for his dad
CNN  -- An 11-mile stretch of the Mississippi River near Greenville , Mississippi , was closed Monday to most vessel traffic because of low water levels , idling nearly a hundred boats and barges in the stream , according to the U.S. Coast Guard . "  We are allowing a limited number of vessels based on size " to attempt to pass , said New Orleans-based Coast Guard spokesman Ryan Tippets , adding that the closure was affecting 97 vessels Monday afternoon and was halting both northbound and southbound traffic . Salt creeping up the Mississippi River This same area near Greenville , which sees about 50 vessels pass on an average day , has been closed "  intermittently " since August 12 , when a vessel ran aground , said Tippets . The Coast Guard and the Army Corps of Engineers have continued surveying the area and deemed it "  dangerous for vessels to travel through , " he said . The Army Corps of Engineers also has being dredging in the area to deepen the channel and help navigation . Complete coverage of the drought A historic drought and excessive heat have reduced water levels and scorched wide sections of the U.S. Midwest . Flooding last year may have worsened the situation on the Mississippi by leaving deposits of silt and debris in areas that would normally be clear . Tippiets said he was unsure when the river would reopen or , once that happens , how long it would take to undo the gridlock . Interactive map : Watch drought overtake U.S. Are you affected by the drought ? Let us know on CNN iReport .	About a hundred vessels were idled by the closure A Coast Guard spokesman says he is unsure when the river will reopen
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan rage over the burning of Qurans by NATO troops continued Thursday even after a President Barack Obama apologized for the "  error . " Afghanistan erupted in violent demonstrations after the troops burned the Islamic religious material at the beginning of the week . Two American troops were killed Thursday by a man wearing an Afghan National Army uniform , a U.S. official said , asking not to be named discussing casualties . The gunman is thought to have been acting in conjunction with a protest outside the base , the official said . In a letter delivered to Afghan President Hamid Karzai , Obama called the act "  inadvertent , " Karzai 's office and National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor said Thursday . "  We will take the appropriate steps to avoid any recurrence , including holding accountable those responsible , " Obama said in the letter delivered by Ryan Crocker , the U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan . Karzai said that he had appointed a team composed of Muslim legal scholars from the Ulemma Council and Ministry of Haj to travel to Bagram and investigate . Obama 's apology brought this rejoinder from GOP presidential candidate Newt Gingrich : "  The president apologized for the burning , but I have n't seen the president demand that the government of Afghanistan apologize for the killing of two young Americans . " The protest and shootings came as the Taliban called on Muslims to attack NATO military bases and convoys and to kill soldiers following the admission that NATO troops had incinerated the books at Bagram Airfield . Afghan officials investigating urged Afghans to "  exercise self-restraint " and "  avoid resorting to protests and demonstrations that may provide ground for the enemy to take advantage of the situation . " The investigators called the burning "  insulting and shameful , " saying NATO officials had promised to bring the "  perpetrators of the crime ... to justice as soon as possible . " "  As the situation is still under investigation , it would be premature to speculate on any potential outcomes , " said NATO International Security Assistance Force spokesman Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings . "  Any disciplinary action , if deemed warranted , will be taken by U.S. authorities after a thorough review of the facts pursuant to all law and regulation and in accordance with due process . " Muslims believe the Quran is the word of God , so holy that people should wash their hands before even touching the sacred book . Desecrating the Quran is seen as an act of intolerance and bigotry . At least two demonstrators also were killed in the exchange of gunfire near the base where the two Americans died , said Haji Mohammad Hassan , chief of Khugyani district in eastern Nangarhar province . Two U.S. soldiers and seven demonstrators were injured in the clash , too , he said . "  We do n't know who started the shooting first and what kind of guns were used , but we have started our investigation to find out the details of the incident , " Hassan told CNN . Another demonstration occurred near a Norwegian-run Provincial Reconstruction Team compound in Maimana , the provincial capital of Faryab province , a regional police spokesman said . Afghan security forces prevented the 700 to 800 demonstrators from entering the compound , said police spokesman Lal Mohammad Ahmadzai said . They burned a few civilian vehicles parked near the compound , he added . American diplomats in Kabul and the north and south of Afghanistan were on lockdown for a second day in the face of protests , U.S. Embassy spokesman Mark Thornburg said . At least five people were killed Wednesday in demonstrations . The commander of NATO 's ISAF , Gen. John Allen , apologized Tuesday . The materials had been gathered for disposal and were inadvertently given to troops for burning , Allen said . "  It was not a decision that was made with respect to the faith of Islam , " he said . "  It was a mistake . It was an error . The moment we found out about it , we immediately stopped and we intervened . " The Taliban on Thursday rejected the apology . In an e-mail , the Islamist militia accused "  the invading infidel authorities " of trying to calm the situation with two "  so-called show  s  of apologies , but in reality they let their inhuman soldiers insult our holy book . " They called on Afghans to take revenge "  until the doers of such inhumane actions are prosecuted and punished . " "  We should attack their military bases , their military convoys , we should kill their soldiers , arrest their invading soldiers , beat them up and give a kind of lesson to them that they never dare to insult the holy Quran , " the message said . Afghan religious scholar Anayatullah Baligh said it can be appropriate to burn a damaged Quran to dispose of it , but that it should be done by a Muslim performing the act respectfully . "  I ca n't tell you whether Americans intentionally burned the copies of the holy Quran to make Muslims angry or if they did it mistakenly , " he said , but said their "  carelessness " was "  a crime they have committed against the holiest book of 2 billion Muslims around the world . " A military official told CNN on Thursday that it was unclear how many Qurans were involved and that some had been partially burned . The inability of most American troops at the base to read the texts could have contributed to the mistake , the official said , asking not to be named discussing an ongoing investigation . A second military official said the materials had been removed from a detainee center 's library because they contained "  extremist inscriptions " and there was "  an appearance that these documents were being used to facilitate extremist communications . " U.S. apologies have not appeased Afghans , who massed outside the Bagram base Tuesday , chanting "  Death to America ! Death to the Afghan government ! Long live Islam ! " Protesters burned tires and threw rocks Wednesday outside Camp Phoenix near Kabul International Airport , the U.S. Embassy said in its official Twitter feed . In Jalalabad , hundreds chanted "  Down With America . " Authorities have questioned some troops as part of their investigation , but no one has been detained , a coalition official said . Last year , when Florida pastor Terry Jones presided over what he called a trial of the Quran and burned a copy , Afghans took to the streets . In the northern Afghan city of Mazar-e Sharif , demonstrators stormed a U.N. office and killed 12 people . In Kandahar , three people were killed , and nine in another when police clashed with stone-throwing demonstrators . U.S. officials condemned the pastor 's act . CNN 's Lesa Jansenand Chris Lawrence in Washington contributed to this report .	NEW : Gingrich wants apology from Afghanistan for U.S. troop deaths Two American troops were killed Thursday by man in Afghan army uniform An Afghan religious scholar says American "  carelessness "  was "  a crime " Two people also die and nine , including Americans , are injured in a protest , an official says
CNN  -- I 'd been to the club several times before . I love to come to New York and any time I got a chance , when Les Paul was still alive , I would always try to schedule to see him play . It was a thrilling night . I had brought my Rock and Roll Hall of Fame program for Les Paul to sign ; the bonus of having Sir Paul there too was incredible . He seemed very , very cordial . Now he was having a good time , too -- because that was in the early stages of his relationship with the lady we do n't even mention any more . At one point , Sir Paul got up on stage with Les Paul and started clowning around with him , saying how much the Beatles loved him and stole his songs but had never been able to give him any credit . So he got a one-dollar bill and handed it to Les , who was just beaming . I approached him after the performance to have my book signed and take a photo . There were only about sixty people in the club , it 's a very small room , so Sir Paul gave everyone at the Les Paul performance a very special experience . CNN iReport : See more of your encounters with music icons He looked every person in the eye ; you could see the electricity coming from his eyes to theirs and he was just so gracious . I think he really enjoys being one of the normal people , and not being on a pillar . I had met him once before after a concert , very , very briefly , but this was something special . I 've been a huge Beatles fan from day one , when I was ten years old and watched the Ed Sullivan Show , the television program that introduced the Beatles to the United States . I 'm a musician myself , I play bass guitar with a little band in Atlanta , where I live . We love making music and that was inspired by Sir Paul .	Music fan Rick Glover met guitar legend Les Paul and former Beatle Sir Paul McCartney Paul was performing at the Iridium jazz club in New York and McCartney joined him on stage After the performance , McCartney signed autographs and talked with members of the audience
CNN  -- At every international airshow , there 's a race to garner the most headlines , the most orders , the best visuals and the best sound bites . Usually , however , Europe 's Airbus comes up the winner . This is particularly true at the Paris Airshow  which starts Monday and runs till Friday  , where Airbus always makes a special push to win the headlines war . Airbus , of course , is headquartered in Toulouse , France , an hour 's flight south of Paris . Government pressure Aside from the aggressive competitiveness of Airbus Chief Operating Officer John Leahy , who ca n't tolerate being second at any time and who rarely misses any opportunity to tweak Boeing , the French government is also known to pressure Airbus to make a great showing . Boeing conceded the point long ago . "  We know Airbus sees this as a competition on their home turf . In terms of orders , we see this as one week out of 52 , " admits Boeing 's Vice President of Marketing Randy Tinseth , the company 's most visible communications counterpart to Leahy .  Leahy 's actual counterpart , Ray Conner , CEO of Boeing Commercial Aircraft , tends to keep a low profile . "  Despite the wave of orders our competition rolls out at airshows , the market has still been roughly split down the middle over the past decade , " says Tinseth . How do you pick up a ` superjumbo ' A380 ? High expectations Leahy declined in a recent interview to predict how many orders he 'll have to announce at the airshow , but skipped the Airbus Innovation Days international media briefings on June 5 and 6 -- an unusual absence -- to go globe-trotting for orders in time for the show . He 's expected to announce hundreds . The A350 XWB -- the new , composite rival to the Boeing 787 and aging 777 -- is widely anticipated to make a flyover at this year 's event . Some question the wisdom of even a flyby , as the A350 will have few test flights under its wing at that point . Airbus sends first A350 XWB into the sky But the French government wants to showcase the plane and so does Airbus . Boeing strikes back Boeing wo n't leave all its pizzazz at home . The formal program launch of its 787-10 is expected  although Boeing wo n't officially say so  and scores of orders are expected to accompany the announcement . Singapore Airlines has already said it will take 30 of the airplanes . British Airways is also presumed to be a launch customer . Boeing is also expected to announce several customers who have signed up for "  commitments " for the 777X , although the program launch is considered likely for the Dubai Airshow slated for November 17-21 . Emirates Airlines  headquartered in Dubai  is assumed to be a launch customer for as many as 100 of the new version of the venerable airplane . Thus , with two new airplane programs and hundreds of orders and commitments anticipated , Boeing could conceivably "  win " this year 's show . But video footage and pictures of the flyby of the A350 will be hard for Boeing to beat with artist renderings and sound bites . How will we travel 10 years from now ? Other competitors Embraer , which makes the popular E-Jet in the 70-122 seat market , is expected to formally launch its re-engined design of the E-175 / 190/195 .  The 170 appears on its way out . The upgraded E-Jet will feature new wings , new systems , geared turbo fan engines by Pratt & Whitney and room for an additional eight to 12 passengers . Embraer has been working diligently to line up solid orders to announce at the show . Bombardier , on the other hand , does n't traditionally do well at airshows . Orders for its CSeries have been few and far between at these events , in part because Canadian securities laws require announcements within 24 hours of the signing of even letters of intent , making it virtually impossible for Bombardier to cluster announcements . The first flight of the CSeries will almost certainly miss the airshow , but is expected the next week . Bombardier will have to be content talking about tests leading up to the first flight , revealing an unidentified customer 's identify  possibly Odyssey Airlines , based on an executive 's slip of the tongue at an industry event  and perhaps some small order announcements . So , with all this activity , maneuvering and posturing , who will "  win " the Paris Airshow ? Airbus , of course . Scott Hamilton is an aviation writer and managing director of Leeham Co. , which provides consulting services to the aerospace industry .	Airbus and Boeing both expected to make large order announcements at Paris Airshow French government is known to pressure Airbus to make a good showing on home turf Boeing has two large aircraft programs in the works Embraer has been working diligently to line up solid orders to announce at the show
CNN  -- A Nigerian militant group on Saturday announced the deaths of seven workers from a construction company who had been taken hostage last month . The group , Ansar al-Muslimeen  widely known as Ansaru  , released video stills of some of the bodies and blamed the deaths on a joint Nigerian-British military operation intended to free the hostages . Neither of those governments confirmed the purported operation . "  We are aware of reports of the death of a British national in Nigeria and are urgently investigating , " according to the Foreign Office . "  We urge the media not to speculate at this extremely sensitive time . " The militants on February 18 claimed responsibility for the kidnappings of the seven construction workers taken from their office in northeastern Nigeria . At the time , in an e-mail sent to reporters , Ansaru said it taken the hostages two days earlier because of "  transgression and atrocities " against Islam in Afghanistan , Mali and other locations . Those kidnapped included workers from Italy , Greece , Britain and Lebanon . Gunmen took the workers from the offices of Setraco , a construction company in Jama'are , in Bauchi State , police said . The company is based in Abuja and is involved in many major road construction projects in northern Nigeria . The gunmen first attacked a prison , burning two police trucks , public service broadcaster Voice of Nigeria reported , citing state police spokesman Hassan Muhammed . They then killed a guard at the Setraco workers camp before kidnapping the workers , Muhammed told the broadcaster . In December , the group claimed responsibility for the kidnapping of a French citizen near the border with Niger and for an attack on a prison in Abuja in November . U.S. officials say Ansaru is an offshoot of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram , which Nigerian authorities say is behind a recent rash of killings and kidnappings in the country . Boko Haram -- whose name means "  Western education is sacrilege " -- has killed more than 2,800 people in an escalating campaign to impose strict Islamic law on largely Muslim northern Nigeria , according to Human Rights Watch . Incidents have included the killings of three North Korean doctors in northern Yobe and the killings of nine people working for a government polio vaccination program in the northern city of Kano this month .	Militant group Ansaru says 7 foreign workers are dead Ansaru is believed to be an offshoot of Boko Haram , U.S. officials say The victims are from Italy , Greece , Lebanon and Britain The foreigners worked for a construction firm in northern Nigeria
CNN  -- Fox just announced two very different long-form projects in development based on best-selling books : James Clavell 's classic novel "  Shōgun " and legal journalist Jeffrey Toobin 's "  The Run of His Life : The People vs. O.J. Simpson " are both in the works for "  event series " treatment . "  These are both epic stories -- one fiction , one fact -- that have captivated millions of people worldwide , " said Shana C. Waterman , a senior vp at Fox . "  They 're riveting and emotional , with unique historic backdrops that lend themselves to the high-quality , dramatic event series we 're looking to make . " The projects are dubbed "  event series " by Fox instead of the traditional term "  mini-series . " The distinction : They 're longer  10 to 12 parts  and could hypothetically extend beyond one season  though the Simpson project seems pretty self-contained  . The shows have notable auspices on board -- Shōgun is from producers Michael De Luca  The Social Network  and Nigel Williams  Elizabeth I  ; The Run of His Life : The People vs. O.J. Simpson , which chronicles Simpson 's 1995 murder trial , is from Nina Jacobson  The Hunger Games  and Brad Simpson  World War Z  . ` Star Trek Into Darkness ' : New trailer Shōgun was previously adapted into an NBC miniseries in 1980 starring Richard Chamberlain . More notoriously , Fox scheduled a two-part interview with Simpson in 2006 as part of the promotional tour for his planned quasi-confessional book If I Did It . The network touted in the press release , "  Simpson describes how he would have carried out the murders he has vehemently denied committing for over a decade . " After public outcry and several of the network 's affiliates balking at the prospect of airing the interview , Fox decided not to air the special . Han Solo again ? ' I think it 's almost true ' Official descriptions : SHŌGUN , based on the best-selling novel by James Clavell , opens a window into the brutal world of a rarely seen feudal Japan . Set in the 17th Century , the story is told from the perspective of British hero John Blackthorne , a sailor who rises from outsider to samurai , while being used as a pawn in Japanese leader Toranaga 's struggle to reach the top of the ruling chain , or Shōgun . A classic for the ages , SHŌGUN is both a cross-cultural exploration of Blackthorne 's journey away from the European way of life , and a star-crossed love story , as he falls for the magnificent Lady Mariko , the married confidant to Toranaga . Everybody remembers where they were when O.J. Simpson , riding in a white Bronco , led the police on a low-speed chase all over Los Angeles . This marked the emergence of the 24-hour news cycle and the birth of reality television . Written by Golden Globe Award winners Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski  "  The People vs. Larry Flint , " "  Man on the Moon , " "  Ed Wood "  , THE RUN OF HIS LIFE : THE PEOPLE V. O.J. SIMPSON  wt  will take viewers behind the scenes of "  The Trial of The Century , " driven by the nonstop plot of a courtroom thriller and presenting the story of the trial as it has never been told . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fox just announced two projects in development based on best-selling books James Clavell 's classic novel Shōgun will inspire a Fox "  event series " Jeffrey Toobin 's O.J. Simpson book , "  The Run of His Life " will also become a series
Forget that chair . Better yet , sit on it . Clint Eastwood is back doing what he 's supposed to be doing in "  Trouble With the Curve , " a sentimental baseball saga that is the inverse of "  Moneyball " in almost every respect and shows the star 's still got what it takes to carry a movie home . Film stars are n't always the best judge of when it to call it a day , and you might fear the worst as Eastwood grouses about his pee in the first scene . Surely this is n't the curve he 's troubled about ? But of course that 's wrong : Eastwood knows best . Part of his longevity as a star comes from his readiness to probe his own weaknesses , and it should come as no surprise that he 's candid -- and funny -- about the frailties of old age . His character , Gus , is a scout for the Braves , one of the best there ever was . But has he still got what it takes ? Not only is he computer illiterate , but the guy still reads newspapers . That 's not all : He 's losing his eyesight , and though he 's doing his best to hide it , it 's getting harder to explain the rapid accumulation of dinks and dents in his convertible . Things come to a head the week before the draft . He 's sent to North Carolina to check out the next big slugger . His buddy Pete  John Goodman  begs Gus ' daughter , Mickey  Amy Adams  , to cover his back . A hotshot lawyer on the verge of making partner , she 's got plenty of reasons to turn him down flat , including that her dad 's a cranky and uncommunicative curmudgeon and always has been . In her childhood , he dragged her round ball fields or packed her off to boarding school without ever thinking to ask her preference , and she 's been in therapy since college . She goes anyway . You wo n't need 20/20 vision to see what 's coming next . Although it 's directed by a proxy  Robert Lorenz was assistant director on "  Million Dollar Baby , " "  Mystic River " and "  Space Cowboys " among others  , "  Trouble With the Curve " has all the hallmarks of an Eastwood movie in his folksiest mood . It 's conservative with a small "  c " ; interested in people -- not style or systems -- it 's plain-spoken and heartfelt , a bit corny , a bit clichéd and not at all slick or quick . With Eastwood , when the script is strong and everything comes together , he 's capable of producing wonderful movies . Other times you have to take the rough with the smooth . What works here is , first and foremost , Adams . It 's a peach of a role  it hardly needs pointing out that Eastwood has a long history of putting himself up against strong , independent women  , and Adams is charming as a smart , attractive , career-driven , pool shootin ' , baseball lovin ' , perpetually thwarted daddy 's girl . Maybe she 's a shade too attractive -- it 's hard to take your eyes off her hair , so luscious it practically demands its own trailer -- but the contrast with flinty , brittle old Gus is effective , and Adams shows some grit too , easily bossing Justin Timberlake  game as the movie 's token love interest  . As for Eastwood , he could play his part with his eyes shut and still hit it out of the park . Randy Brown 's screenplay is on shakier ground when it tries to get father and daughter to open up to each other . Not many filmmakers would risk the scenes where each separately break into "  You Are My Sunshine , " and you will have to decide for yourself whether they belong on the cutting-room floor . But for all its occasional tin ear , "  Dr Phil " dialogue , its contrivances and shortcuts , this remains a fundamentally sound and solid entertainment with a deep-rooted conviction that how we treat each other matters .	Clint Eastwood plays Gus , a scout for the Braves in the new film Amy Adams is his daughter , a hotshot lawyer The movie has all the hallmarks of an Eastwood movie in his folksiest mood , reviewer says
Senate Democrats are wrapping up their tenure in the majority by reigniting debate on some of the former President 's most controversial policies with a long-delayed report on the use of torture - "  enhanced interrogation techniques " - by the U.S. government . Six years into the Barack Obama 's presidency , the Senate Intelligence Committee early next week is expected to release findings from its $ 50 million investigation of the Central Intelligence Agency 's use of so-called enhanced interrogation techniques on detainees in the years following the Sept. 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks . Among the questions the report tackles : Did three detainees tortured under the program provide information that helped identify a courier who led the U.S. to find Osama bin Laden ? The answer to that question will likely be different based on already hardened points of view even after the Senate report is released . The CIA believes the interrogations of three men : Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Ammar al-Baluchi , and Hassan Ghul provided key information that led to bin Laden . Related : Military orders security review ahead of torture report release More than a hundred detainees went through the CIA 's detention program , and about a third were subjected to "  enhanced interrogation techniques , " which included waterboarding , exposure to cold temperatures , slapping and sleep deprivation . Three were waterboarded , which is considered the harshest of the techniques . The agency now disavows the program as a mistake that it wo n't repeat . Related : "  We tortured some folks , says President Obama " But they are also trying to walk a fine line , by sticking to claims that valuable intelligence on al Qaeda and in the hunt for Osama bin Laden emerged from the harsh interrogations of detainees . CNN 's Candy Crowley asked former President George W. Bush about the report in an interview set to air on State of the Union Sunday . "  I 'll tell you this , " Bush said after clarifying that he had n't read the Senate report yet . "  We 're fortunate to have men and women who work hard at the CIA serving on our behalf . These are patriots . And whatever the report says , if it diminishes their contributions to our country it is way off base . I knew the directors , the deputy directors , I knew a lot of the operators . These are good people . Really good people . And we 're lucky as a nation to have them . " Officials briefed on the report say it will provide ugly new details on the CIA program , including specifics on detainee deaths and a portrayal of a haphazardly assembled and poorly managed program . The report will detail 20 findings , plus 20 case studies that the Senate Democrats say illustrate CIA 's misrepresentations about the program . The Osama bin Laden hunt is one of the 20 case studies . Countries that cooperated with the CIA , hosting black site prisons and assisting in transferring detainees , will be identified only obliquely and not by name . CIA employees , referred to by pseudonyms in the report , wo n't be identified ; the CIA pushed for the pseudonyms to be redacted because other information in the report could be used to determine who they are . The Senate report was conceived initially as a bipartisan review of the CIA program , though Republicans senators pulled support from the investigation soon after it began . Its findings likely will end up being seen through the prism of the deeply-partisan divide over the Bush-era counter-terrorism tactics and whether they actually produced intelligence to keep the nation safe . The investigation produced a report that is more than 6,000 pages . But only the 480-page executive summary is being released , following months of negotiations between the Senate and the White House over redactions . According to an administration official , 93 % of the report is unredacted . "  There 's going to be nothing lost in this narrative , " the official added . There also will be a separate rebuttal by the committee 's Republicans . And the CIA will publish its own study of the program . Conspicuously absent from the Senate report is any examination of the role of high-level officials in the Bush White House who authorized the CIA program and who urged that more aggressive tactics be used . That omission appears to lay blame for the program 's excesses solely on the CIA , when top Bush officials ordered the agency to come up with the detention and interrogation program . A Senate aide said the purpose of the report was n't to point fingers at the Bush administration , but to examine the program itself . The central conclusion by the Democratic-led Senate report , according to people briefed on the investigation , is that CIA employees exceeded the guidelines set by Justice Department memos that authorized the use and that the agency misrepresented to Congress and the White House what it was doing . The report has also opened a rare public rift between the current White House and some Democrats on Capitol Hill . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee and is usually a defender of the CIA , has unleashed stinging criticism of the agency after what she said was a series of cover-ups including the destruction of interrogation tapes . "  The interrogations and the conditions of confinement at the CIA detention sites were far different and far more harsh than the way the CIA had described them to us , " Feinstein said on the Senate floor in March . Related : Shocking report closer to completion Her remarks came during a spat with the CIA . Feinstein was angry at the discovery that CIA employees had conducted searches of computers used by Senate staffers at a CIA facility to conduct their investigation . The CIA in turn accused Senate staffers of hacking into CIA computers to obtain documents they were n't entitled to.â $ ` In a phone call Friday , Secretary of State John Kerry asked Feinstein to consider the broader implications of the timing of the report 's release , said State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki . "  A lot is going on in the world , and he wanted to make sure that foreign policy implications were being appropriately factored into timing , " Psaki said . "  These include our ongoing efforts against ISIL and the safety of Americans being held hostage around the world . " During the call , Kerry made it clear "  that the timing is of course her choice , " Psaki said . Feinstein also claimed some of the report 's findings challenge the "  societal and constitutional " values of America . "  We have to get this report out , " Feinstein told the Los Angeles Times in an interview Sunday . "  Anybody who reads this is going to never let this happen again . " Did torture work ? Ali Soufan , a former FBI agent , who was one of the bureau 's top al Qaeda experts , says the torture "  did n't work . " In an opinion article published in the New York Times last year , Soufan says "  torture led us away from Bin Laden . After -LSB- Khalid Sheikh -RSB- Mohammed was waterboarded 183 times , he actually played down the importance of the courier who ultimately led us to Bin Laden . " John Rizzo , who was the CIA 's acting general counsel during the period , is convinced the program helped find bin Laden and that it protected the nation . "  I believed the program yielded valuable intelligence and I continue to believe this , " he told CNN in an interview earlier this year . Also in dispute -- and some say unknowable -- is whether other methods could have produced the same or better information than what the CIA program produced . U.S. intelligence and law enforcement officials have mixed views on whether any intelligence information still in use by intelligence analysts came from the program . Some officials say that because of the way intelligence is gathered , it 's impossible to determine whether strands of intelligence , used to keep tabs on al Qaeda terrorists , came from the now-banned interrogations . Others say that the FBI and CIA already had detailed knowledge of al Qaeda and that the program simply duplicated information already in the hands of intelligence analysts . For some Republicans and CIA supporters , there 's still a dispute about whether techniques like waterboarding , used on three detainees , constitutes torture . The Justice Department twice has investigated the conduct of CIA employees involved in the program and decided not to bring charges . President Obama an early critic of the program as senator , has tried to be more even-handed since taking office . "  We tortured some folks , " the president said in August , adding that there was a need to recall the context of the era , including the fear of follow-up attacks . "  In the immediate aftermath of 9/11 , we did some things that were wrong â $ " we did a whole lot of things that were right , but we did some things that were contrary to our values ... I understand why it happened . It 's important when we look back to recall how afraid people were . "	Senate Democrats are set to release a long-delayed and much-anticipated review of American interrogation techniques The report will tackle the question of whether torture helped gain intelligence Republicans have pulled support from the report and will offer their own rebuttal
Editor 's note : CNN contributor Bob Greene is a best-selling author whose current book is "  When We Get to Surf City : A Journey Through America in Pursuit of Rock and Roll , Friendship , and Dreams . " "  Tumbling tumbleweeds " have been romanticized in song , but they 're no fun in some parts of the U.S. CNN  -- "  Do we like them ? " Patrick Victor , a game and fish commission employee in San Carlos , Arizona , repeated the question back to me as if I had proved my lunacy by asking it in the first place . "  Do we like tumbleweeds ? " he said . "  No one likes them . They 're not like in the cowboy movies . We consider them garbage -- worse than garbage . There is nothing to treasure or cherish about a tumbleweed . " We were talking about tumbleweeds because of a theory I had been pondering : In this country , because of the immediacy of news , it seems as if everyone from one coast to the other is worrying obsessively about the same thing at the same time . You name it : the banking meltdown one day , the feared floods in Fargo , North Dakota , the next ; the forced ouster of the head of General Motors one morning , followed soon after by the street demonstrations in London during the Group of 20 summit . We all tend to fret together about one crisis at a time ; undoubtedly there will be something new for all of us to be nervous about together before sundown tonight . So the goal here was to come up with something utterly unlikely -- something that , in 2009 , you would n't think would bother people -- and find out if it does . Tumbleweeds . That , just picked at random , was the test case . "  They can be a pretty big problem out here , " said Scott McGuire , a code enforcement inspector in Greeley , Colorado . "  When the wind is right , they 'll pile up right to the roofline of a house . Seriously -- people ca n't see out of their windows or even easily get out of their homes . " There was something instructive , even  in an off-kilter way  comforting , about learning this : the affirmation that , in this increasingly monolithic country , there are still local vexations that override the breaking news bulletins on the national networks , that people in one pocket of America are routinely dealing with forces that people a few hundred miles away are blissfully unaware of . Just hearing about it makes life seem somehow more life-size . "  I meant what I said literally , " McGuire said , continuing on his pinned-in-the-house-by-tumbleweeds theme . "  They are big and prickly -- they can blow for hundreds of miles , sometimes all the way from Wyoming . They go until the wind dies out or they run into something . That 's when people can have piles of them pressing against their homes -- when the tumbleweeds stop there . " Tumbleweeds , if you have n't thought about them in years , may seem like a gauzy memory from old Western movies , a nostalgic high-plains symbol of desolation and loneliness . There was that campfire song by Roy Rogers and his group , the Sons of the Pioneers ; once you think of the lyrics and melody again , you ca n't get it out of your head : "  See them tumbling down/Pledging their love to the ground/Lonely but free I 'll be found/Drifting along with the tumbling tumbleweeds . " But in the 21st century ? In our connected-by-broadband , addicted-to-cell phones , technologically tethered nation ? Tumbleweeds ? As something to be concerned about ? "  They 're ugly and nasty , " said Charlene Hardin , the county manager of Roosevelt County , New Mexico . "  They can make our roads impassable . You can see 12-foot-high , chain-link fences with tumbleweeds piled all the way up to the top . They 're very flammable -- toss a cigarette , and you have a big fire . "  Tumbleweeds are more than a nuisance out here . We 'll get complaints from people who ca n't even get out of their own driveways because the tumbleweeds have them hemmed in . " Tumbleweeds are mainly a plague in the West and Southwest : certainly not dire on the level of , say , a national security issue , but a perpetual pain in the neck . They 're a gnarled and unpleasant-looking plant , useless as a crop or nutritionally ; they dry up , separate from their roots and blow across the land , spreading seeds . They 're thorny , are often painful to the touch and can grow as big as trash bags -- it 's not uncommon to see tumbleweeds 4 feet in diameter rolling speedily along . As Velda Bucklen , who lives west of Kersey , Colorado , and who was concerned about people just heaving errant tumbleweeds off their property and thus onto nearby lawns , wrote in a letter to the editor of her local newspaper : "  They are prickly and strong . ... I have been guilty of tossing them into the street and sending them on their way . ... . Please do n't fight with your neighbors . " The people of the United States , though , are nothing if not resourceful . Just as you may have been unaware that tumbleweeds are a contemporary problem , so you may be heartened to learn that , as always , where some people see bad news , others see opportunity . "  I thought there might be some money in tumbleweeds , " said Linda Katz of Garden City , Kansas . She was right . She runs a company called Prairie Tumbleweed Farm  its motto is "  If they do n't tumble , we do n't sell them ! "  , and she said she has found a steady mail-order market for tumbleweeds . "  Personally I 'm not fond of them , but apparently some people are , " she said . "  They 're just big , rolling weeds . But people order them for wedding decorations . People order them for dances . Servicemen say tumbleweeds remind them of home . I 've taken two orders already today . " Finding them is not a challenge : "  They just roll by the house . " She grabs them , puts them in boxes and mails them off . And , to answer your question before you can ask it : $ 25 for a large tumbleweed , $ 15 for a small . Before we leave this topic so we can all return to more conventional news , a word from Bob Lee , director of weed and pest control in Cheyenne , Wyoming : "  I 've seen people here who have gone away for a two-week vacation , and when they come back , there are so many tumbleweeds in front of their house that they have to chop their way to the front door . " So , Mr. Lee , is there one stirring and inspirational parting message you 'd like to convey to people ? "  Just that tumbleweeds do n't have any redeeming features , as far as I 'm aware of . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : National issues such as economic crisis dominate news Greene says that we quickly move from one crisis to the next Greene : Still there are regional concerns that never get a big spotlight Some parts of the U.S. are plagued by "  tumbling tumbleweeds "
CNN  -- On April 27 , NASA 's Fermi and Swift satellites detected a strong signal from the brightest gamma-ray burst in decades . Because this was relatively close , it was thousands of times brighter than the typical gamma-ray bursts that are seen by Swift every few days . Scientists are now scrambling to learn more . We already knew that when the biggest stars run out of fuel , they do n't fade quietly away . Instead , they explode in a blaze of glory known as a supernova . These stellar explosions are often bright enough to be seen by us even though they are in galaxies billions of light-years from our own Milky Way galaxy home . In very rare cases -- such as GRB130427A  tagged with the date of its discovery  -- astrophysicists are lucky enough to see energetic gamma-rays from hyperfast jets of outflowing material consisting of charged particles created during a massive star 's violent death throes . This means GRB130427A 's jets must be aimed toward Earth -- purely by chance , of course . For every jet pointed at us , there are hundreds of exploding stars across the universe whose jets point randomly in other directions . Telescopes on other planets in those directions could see those jets , and we might see the exploding stars as supernovae , but we do n't see the bright gamma-ray flashes from jets beamed away from us . In the hours after this unusual gamma-ray burst was discovered , astrophysicists rushed to learn more . Thanks to observations made with the Gemini ground-based optical telescope in Hawaii , it quickly became clear that GRB130427A was superbright primarily because it lay only a few billion light years away . Had it been situated in a much more distant galaxy -- as many gamma-ray bursts are -- its signal would have been relatively feeble . The proximity of GRB130427A means we can learn a great deal about it . For example , most of the energy from supernovae is thought to be carried away by neutrinos -- the lightweight , difficult-to-detect particles that are so important to understanding the fundamental laws of nature . The world 's most powerful neutrino telescope , IceCube , uses Antarctic ice as the detector volume , with electronic equipment sunk throughout a cubic kilometer of ice -- enough water to fill a million swimming pools -- to detect signals from neutrinos interacting with the ice . If there is a supernova associated with this gamma-ray burst , a big optical flash should be seen any day now by ground-based telescopes , preceded by a flood of neutrinos .  The neutrinos are emitted at the time of collapse , while the optical light is the consequence of explosive debris hitting material surrounding the star a bit later . Interestingly , an April 18 paper in the journal Nature reported that upper limits for neutrinos measured from IceCube are low enough that gamma-ray bursts are unlikely to be the sole source of ultra-high energy cosmic rays . Just nine days later , the bright nearby burst happened , leading to the Fermi detection of the highest energy gamma-ray ever . Now there is a real chance IceCube will make the first detection of astrophysical neutrinos , from the supernova associated with GRB130427A . Want to know more technical details ? Here is some background information about light and about the deaths of stars : Gamma-rays are the most energetic form of light , with wavelengths far shorter than ordinary optical light  the light your eye can see  , or even ultraviolet or X-ray light . The energy of a packet of light -- or "  photon " -- is inversely proportional to its wavelength . Since the wavelength of an X-ray photon is approximately 1/1 ,000 of the wavelength of optical light , for example , an X-ray photon has 1,000 times the energy of an optical photon . This is why X-rays can penetrate your skin and soft tissue -- though not bone -- while sunlight mostly reflects off your skin . Gamma-rays have thousands to millions or even billions of times the energy of ordinary sunlight . Being highly energetic , they are hard to produce and very rare . So when we detect gamma-rays from space , we know they signal intensely hot , extreme events . Stars , such as our sun , are giant balls of gas held together by gravity . Acting alone , gravity would cause stars to collapse completely , but as long as energy is produced at their centers by nuclear fusion  the joining of atomic nuclei to form new elements , as in a hydrogen bomb  , the star is heated and puffed up . During this phase , stars radiate that heat , shining brightly like our sun , mostly at optical wavelengths . It is an interesting triple "  coincidence , " which probably evolved over time , that our eyes are most sensitive to yellow-green light , which happens to be the characteristic color of sunlight as well as the color that can most easily be transmitted through the Earth 's atmosphere . When nuclear fusion uses up a star 's fuel , in the central high-pressure stellar core where fusion occurs , the star will collapse fairly violently . Depending on its initial mass , it might collapse to a compact hot star known as a white dwarf  when the star 's mass is less than 1.4 times the mass of our sun  or to a neutron star  for stars 1.4 to about three times the mass of our sun  or to a black hole  for stars more massive than three times the mass of our sun  . A black hole collapse is very violent and not well understood at present . Theorists believe the rapid collapse generates heat that ignites the explosion . The explosive energy is released in the form of neutrinos , light  mostly gamma-rays  , and a pair of relativistically outflowing emitting jets . That 's why an event such as GRB130427A probably signals the collapse of a massive star into a black hole . Incidentally , if not for supernovae , we would n't be here . Every single atom of your body that is not hydrogen or helium was created in the fiery interior of a massive star . The supernova explosion disperses these elements throughout interstellar space , where they become the building material for new planets . When Earth formed out of such materials -- iron , manganese , calcium , silicon , oxygen , nitrogen , carbon , etc. -- organic chemicals , then cells , then organisms , then humans were able to evolve . In the 1960s , NASA launched the first gamma-ray satellites to look for signals of intense radioactive decay on Earth , which could be generated by nuclear explosions . In other words , detecting gamma-rays was a way to spot nuclear tests . Years later , scientists examining data from the Vela satellites found gamma-ray bursts -- but they were coming from space , not from human activities on the ground . Since that time , gamma-ray bursts have been one of the most interesting phenomena in the cosmos . They are incredibly luminous , with most of the energy of a stellar explosion packed into a few seconds or less , so they represent a kind of extreme physics . Thousands of gamma-ray bursts have been studied for more than 40 years . Because of its proximity , GRB130427A generated more gamma-rays , over a longer time and at higher energies , than any detected previously by the Fermi or Swift satellites . Astrophysicists ca n't be successful just because they are clever and hard-working . They also have to be lucky . On April 27 , nature smiled on the Earth 's astrophysical community in the form of GRB130427A , a powerful laboratory for understanding relativistic jets , black holes and stellar collapse . Now the experimental analysis begins . More space and science news at CNN Light Years The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	On April 27 , NASA satellites detected massive gamma-ray burst , strongest in decades Meg Urry says the event sent jets of charged particles in Earth 's direction She says it likely was the collapse of a huge star into a black hole Urry : The event was a lucky one for astronomers who will now have much to analyze
CNN  -- Former Agriculture Department employee Shirley Sherrod said Thursday she will pursue a lawsuit against conservative blogger Andrew Breitbart . Breitbart posted an edited video clip of Sherrod appearing to say she discriminated against a white farmer looking for assistance . The clip showed her addressing a chapter of the NAACP . "  I will definitely do it , " she said when asked whether she was considering legal action . Sherrod made her remarks during an appearance at the National Association of Black Journalists convention in San Diego , California . Breitbart "  had to know that he was targeting me , " Sherrod said . "  At this point , he has n't apologized . I do n't want it at this point , and he 'll definitely hear from me . " Breitbart did not immediately respond to a request for comment . He has said he released the Sherrod video because he believes it shows the NAACP itself tolerates racist behavior within its ranks -- an accusation that came after the civil rights group made a similar charge against the conservative Tea Party movement . "  This was not about Shirley Sherrod , " Breitbart told CNN 's John King . Brent Bozell , head of the conservative Media Research Center , said Thursday Sherrod was the one who needed to apologize . "  Andrew Breitbart is going to be fine . He 's done nothing wrong , " Bozell said . "  I wonder if Ms. Sherrod , who is such a champion of transparency , will publicly disclose who is putting her up to this . And I also hope this champion of honesty will stop lying about Fox News , " which has been accused of pushing the story before full details emerged , he said . "  I 'm also waiting for Ms. Sherrod to publicly apologize for accusing anyone opposed to nationalized healthcare of being racist , " Bozell said . "  Last time I checked , that was more than half the country . " The controversy surrounding the clip led to a rush to judgment and Sherrod 's forced resignation . However , it was later determined that her speech , unedited , focused on how the incident changed her outlook and made her realize people should move beyond race . The incident occurred 24 years ago , before Sherrod began working for the USDA . She received an official apology from the USDA and a phone call from President Barack Obama once the full text of her remarks came to light . Sherrod has since been offered another position at the Agriculture Department . Obama said earlier Thursday that Sherrod "  deserves better than what happened last week . " Speaking at a National Urban League conference in Washington , Obama called the claim of racism against her "  bogus . " "  Many are to blame " for the reaction that followed , he said , "  including my own administration . " Her whole story , Obama said he told Sherrod , "  is exactly the kind of story we need to hear in America  because  we all have our biases . "	NEW : Brent Bozell says Sherrod needs to apologize Shirley Sherrod says she plans to sue conservative blogger Andrew Breitbart Sherrod says Breitbart "  had to know " he was targeting her Breitbart has said he aired the tape to show the NAACP tolerating racist behavior
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Social networking , Martin Scorsese and cinema classics on demand : this is the enticing mix on offer at new movie Web site The Auteurs . The Auteurs mastermind Efe Cakarel  center  at Cannes with Celluloid Dreams ' Hengameh Panahi  left  and Martin Scorsese . The self-styled "  online cinematheque " allows users to watch art house films from directors like Michael Winterbottom , Francois Ozon and Walter Salles , while Facebook-style profile pages and discussion forums encourage movie debate . With their innovative approach , The Auteurs hope to introduce art house cinema to a whole new audience . Recently , The Auteurs announced a prestigious partnership with another more widely known auteur : Scorsese . The site is collaborating with Scorsese 's World Cinema Foundation  WCF  -- an organization dedicated to restoring lost cinema classics from around the world -- to exhibit the refurbished masterpieces online . The first four rescued works from Scorsese 's project are currently available to watch for free on The Auteurs Web site . Among them are Korean domestic thriller "  The Housemaid "  1960  and "  Transes "  1973  , a documentary about pioneering Moroccan band Nass El Ghiwan , famously described by Scorsese as "  the Rolling Stones of North Africa . " Watch a clip from "  The Housemaid " Watch a clip from "  Transes " "  It is really exciting and important to have Scorsese preserving the films he is preserving , " said one of the masterminds behind The Auteurs , Eduardo Costantini , over the phone from New York . "  As he said , it 's not only important to preserve , but to show -- and he chose The Auteurs because of our look and feel and our philosophy and concept . We are really proud . " The basic ambition behind The Auteurs is to make high quality cinema accessible to a young , global audience by making it available on demand cheaply . "  If you are not in LA , London , New York , San Francisco , Tokyo , Paris , or Berlin , forget it , " Efe Cakarel told CNN over the phone from Palo Alto , California . "  Many of these films you can not get even on DVD if you are living in Warsaw , in Istanbul , in Seoul or Buenos Aires . " The Auteurs is Cakarel 's brainchild : an ambitious former Goldman Sachs banker with a head for technology , he came up with the idea back in 2007 in Tokyo when , with some spare time on his hands , he tried to watch Wong Kar-wai 's "  In the Mood for Love " on the Internet . "  It was very simple . I went online and I did not find a place that I could use , " he says . He started writing his business plan there and then . Cakarel says he knew that if he was going to succeed in his quest to bring quality cinema to the global village he would have to enlist some of the industry 's top brass . Enter Argentine millionaire , Eduardo Costantini of Costa Films , the company behind 2007 Berlinale winner "  Elite Troop , " and Hengameh Panahi of Paris-based distributor Celluloid Dreams which represents films like Jacques Audiard 's "  A Prophet , " which won the Grand Prize at Cannes Film Festival this year . Costantini and Panahi have instilled the site with their film knowledge , and paved the way for the site 's other major collaboration with masters of the vintage re-release , the Criterion Collection . Each month , the Criterion Collection curates a free online film festival making available classic films from its large library on The Auteurs . This month , users can watch Michelangelo Antonioni 's 1960 classic "  L'Avventura " or "  Harakiri "  1962  by Japanese master Masaki Kobayashi . Of course , all this begs the question : is there really a big appetite for auteur-driven feature films outside the lofty but limited cinephile circles -- especially at a time when studio-driven blockbuster fodder like "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine " and "  Angels & Demons " dominate at the box office ? "  I want to create an entirely new audience for these films , " says Cakarel . "  Because the only thing people in much of the world are exposed to is "  Spiderman 3 " or "  Pirates of the Caribbean " in their local multiplex . " The Auteurs is one of a number of Web sites , like jaman.com , making previously hard-to-find films available on the Internet since the YouTube revolution paved the way for new ways of consuming video on the Web . The Auteurs ' particular niche is auteur-driven cinema combined with social networking : "  Putting the films online is only part of it . The moment you put the film in the existing conversation between people that know each other , then you create a platform for discovery . According to Cakarel , what sets the site apart from the others is quality : each film is individually encoded  compared to most sites , which batch encode films  for the Web which he says gives a higher quality of sound and vision than anywhere else on the Web . "  Being the best in the world has a huge premium and I know that we can be the best in the world , " said Cakarel . The site is cleanly designed , easy to navigate and you can pay to watch films like 1998 Dogme 95 classic "  Festen " by Danish director Thomas Vinterberg and "  The Corporation , "  2003  an unsettling examination of the pre-eminence of big business . Currently there are 200 films available to watch , some free , but mostly for around $ 5 . Costantini says he hopes to increase the number of films to 1,000 . Despite the unabashedly highbrow aims of the site , both Cakarel and Costantini realize they will need to include more commercial fare if they want to increase membership of the site which currently stands at around 80,000 . "  It is important we start getting some major films , " said Costantini . "  Not only treasures that Scorsese restores but also some films that are more commercial . " Cakarel says he would love to host quality studio films like the Coen 's "  No Country for Old Men , " Oscar-winner "  There Will be Blood , " and Tarantino 's "  Inglourious Basterds . " But there are limits : "  I will never put a mainstream film that is purely for entertainment ; that has no soul on the site . "  You will never see ` Knocked Up ' or ` Spiderman 3 . ' "	Scorsese collaborates with Web site The Auteurs to put restored films online free The movie masterpieces were restored by Scorsese 's World Cinema Foundation They include Korean film "  The Housemaid " and Moroccan documentary "  Transes " The Auteurs is an innovative mix of social networking and video on demand
CNN  -- It 's a perennial problem . How do you persuade young , apathetic voters to go to the polls ? Enter "  Voteman " -- Denmark 's rather ill-judged and short-lived cartoon solution . The cartoon opens with two apparently politically disaffected young men . The scene switches to Voteman , a muscle-bound , stubble-chinned superhero , answering a call asking him to persuade voters to have their say in the upcoming European Parliament elections . Naked , he leaps up from a bed surrounded by women apparently performing sex acts on him and -- having donned a leather waistcoat and trousers -- sets off from a Bond villain-esque island hideout on his mission , riding a pair of harnessed dolphins as waterskis . An orgy of cartoon violence follows -- one of the original men is decapitated , while other would-be non-voters are punched , slapped and tossed through the windows of a polling station to vote . The cartoon is the unlikely creation of the Danish Parliament 's EU information center , originally posted to its official YouTube page . Less surprisingly perhaps , it has now been pulled and an apology made for its graphic sexual and violent content . Mogens Lykketoft , speaker of the Danish Parliament , said in a statement on his Facebook page that many people had perceived the cartoon as "  more serious and offensive than it was intended , and see it as talking down to the youth . "  Reaction in social media is sharply divided between those who see this as unacceptably vulgar , and those who think it is tough but acceptable humor which brings attention to the vote on May 25 . "  The latter was the intention . But I acknowledge that Parliament , as an institution , in future has to show more caution in what we put our name to . " The cartoon tells the story of how Voteman , as a young man , once forgot to vote in European Parliament elections . This , the narration says , taught him a painful lesson : "  No influence on climate regulations , agricultural subsidies , chemicals in toys -- and the amount of cinnamon allowed in his cinnamon buns . "  Horrified by this , he decided he would dedicate his life to making everybody vote . So if you 're not going to vote , do n't try to run , do n't try to hide , because he will find you . And he will make you vote . " The European Parliament elections , in which voters in each of the European Union 's member states elect representatives to the body , are taking place across Europe next week . May 25 is the day on which Danish voters will go to the polls . Denmark 's turnout for the last European elections in 2009 was close to 60 % , well above the European average of 43 % . CNN 's Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	Cartoon uses muscle-bound character called Voteman to persuade people to vote Voteman is depicted in a series of sexually suggestive and violent scenes Parliament speaker apologizes , says cartoon was "  more serious and offensive " than intended Danish Parliament 's EU information center created cartoon ahead of European elections
Washington  CNN  -- Parents are finding it more difficult to keep their children 's private personal data from being collected by mobile phone apps , according to a new report . The Federal Trade Commission is urging mobile phone app developers and phone companies to make it easier for parents to control the personal information being collected by smartphone apps . It 's the second time this year the agency has looked at the issue . Since the first report in February , the FTC said it found that almost nothing has been done by developers or phone companies to improve transparency . Only 16 % of apps provided parents with a link to a privacy policy or other disclosure before an app is downloaded , the first survey found . In the follow-up , researchers found similar results , with 20 percent of the apps linking to general disclosure information or a privacy policy , the report said . "  Even more troubling , the results showed that many of the apps shared certain information with third parties -- such as device ID , geolocation , or phone number -- without disclosing that fact to parents , " the FTC said . By using the information collected through mobile devices , companies could potentially develop detailed profiles about children without a parent 's knowledge or consent , the FTC said . "  Our study shows that kids ' apps siphon an alarming amount of information from mobile devices without disclosing this fact to parents , " said FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz in a statement released with Monday 's report . Through apps , kids can make purchases right from the device . The FTC said parents have reported their children racking up hundreds of dollars in charges they were n't aware of until the bill arrived . "  Parents should be given the information they need to make informed decisions about whether to allow their children to use apps with these capabilities , " the FTC report said . A recent phenomenon of the digital age , apps -- or applications -- are programs that mobile phones users can purchase and install on their devices . Apps can include everything from games to medical monitoring software . The market for mobile apps continues to grow at an explosive rate . As of September , there were more than 700,000 apps available in Apple 's App Store , a 40 percent increase since December 2011 , and more than 700,000 apps available in Google Play , an 80 percent increase since the beginning of 2012 , the FTC said . An investigation is planned to determine whether some mobile app developers are violating the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act or are engaging in unfair or deceptive business practices , the FTC said . The agency urged developers and marketers to work together and develop accurate privacy disclosures regarding what data is collected through apps used by kids .	Smartphone apps can expose children 's data , Federal Trade Commission says Panel urges developers , phone companies to make monitoring easier for parents Little improvement since last survey in February , commission says
CNN  -- Casey James Fury simply did n't want to be at work , and in the process cost the Navy nearly a half-billion dollars and one attack submarine . Fury admitted to setting fire to the USS Miami , a nuclear sub , in May 2012 while it was in dry dock . He was sentenced to 17 years in federal prison in March and ordered to pay $ 400 million in restitution -- roughly the cost of the damage . The Navy wo n't see anything close to that amount from Fury , of course , but neither will it from Uncle Sam . On Tuesday , the Navy announced that despite the demand for attack submarines being "  as strong as ever , " the Miami is being inactivated . The reason : Under sequestration , the federal government 's forced budget cuts , the Navy simply ca n't afford to make the repairs . "  The type of damage was unlike anything we 'd seen in recent memory , " Rear Admiral Richard Breckenridge , director of undersea warfare , said on a Navy Live blog post . "  The anticipated scope of work is four times greater than any previous submarine repair due to damage , " the post continued . Military shows Congress where mandatory cuts will hit home Breckenridge blamed across-board budget cuts , saying , "  Sequestration pressures remove the needed foundation of stability to support an endeavor of this magnitude . " Fury was working inside the Miami on May 23 as a painter and sandblaster while the Los Angeles-class attack submarine was at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Maine undergoing a massive overhaul . Initial investigations by the Navy found that the fire may have been started by a vacuum cleaner . But a federal criminal complaint said Fury admitted to setting fire to a pile of rags near a vacuum cleaner in a stateroom in the submarine . Seven people were injured in the blaze , including three shipyard firefighters . The sub 's reactor was not operating when the fire broke out and remained unaffected and stable throughout , Capt. Bryant Fuller , commander for the shipyard , said at the time . Fury also admitted to starting a second fire at the dry dock three weeks later , according to federal court documents . The second fire was started in an area underneath the submarine where Fury was working . In both cases , he told investigators that he started the fires because he was having extreme anxiety and was trying to get out of work , according to federal documents . U.S. Sens. Susan Collins and Angus King of Maine , and Jeanne Shaheen and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , expressed their disappointment at the announcement , saying in a statement that inactivating the Miami , "  will mean a loss to our nuclear submarine fleet -- yet another unfortunate consequence of the across-the-board cuts known as sequestration . We will continue to work together to find a responsible budget solution that replaces sequestration . " Japan launches largest warship since World War II The Miami was commissioned in 1990 and was one of 42 Los Angeles-class subs in the U.S. fleet . It carried a crew of 12 officers and 98 enlisted personnel , according to the Navy , and was capable of carrying Tomahawk cruise missiles and Mark 48 torpedoes . No weapons were on board at the time of either fire , according to the Navy . This is the second warship the Navy has lost this year . The USS Guardian , a minesweeper , ran aground on the Tubbataha Reef in the Philippines in January , damaging an estimated 43,000 square feet of the UNESCO World Heritage site . To prevent further damage to the reef , salvagers had to cut it into pieces to lift off . It was struck from the fleet in February . CNN 's Julie In contributed to this report .	Casey James Fury is serving 17 years for setting fire to the USS Miami The fire caused $ 400 million damage to the nuclear submarine Because of sequestration , the Navy says , it ca n't afford the repairs Rear Admiral : Scope of required work is "  four times greater " than any previous repairs
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- The incumbent Basque nationalists won the most seats in Basque regional parliamentary elections on Sunday , but they could lose a 29-year hold on power because three non-nationalist parties won a combined majority for the first time , according to official election results . Socialist candidate Patxi Lopez speaks to reporters after voting Sunday in regional parliamentary elections . The vote for the powerful 75-seat regional parliament and Basque president are seen as a bellwether of the region 's sentiment on how to end decades of violence by the Basque separatist group ETA . The moderate Basque Nationalist Party won 30 seats , and its traditional smaller party allies won seven more . But the crucial 38-seat majority went to the Basque branches of Spain 's ruling Socialist Party , with 24 seats ; the conservative Popular Party , with 13 seats ; and the new Progressive Union and Democracy party , with one seat , according to official results . The Socialist candidate , Patxi Lopez , told supporters the vote "  legitimized " his bid to "  lead the change . " Negotiations with other parties to make Lopez the next Basque president were expected in the coming days . The non-nationalist parties have taken a forceful line on trying to end ETA 's violence , blamed for nearly 800 deaths . ETA stands for Euskadi ta Askatasuna , or "  Basque Homeland and Liberty " in the Basque language . The group wants an independent Basque homeland , but is classified as a terrorist group by the European Union and the United States , because of car bombings and fatal shootings . The Basque Nationalist Party seeks self-determination for the 2.1 million Basques but does not support ETA 's violence . Some 600 ETA suspects or convicts are in Spanish jails , and three alleged top leaders of the group were arrested last year . But ETA has continued to defy officials -- bomb attacks , including a major blast that damaged a construction company office in Madrid three weeks ago , continue to be attributed to the group . For the first time , political parties linked to ETA were banned from running in the Basque elections . Spanish courts in recent years outlawed a leftist party called Batasuna , and others , saying they secretly and actively aided ETA . One such party holds nine seats in the outgoing parliament . The incumbent Basque president and nationalist leader , Juan Jose Ibarretxe , scolded the Socialists and the conservatives during the campaign as being outsiders and puppets of their national offices in Madrid . But Lopez , the Basque Socialist leader , accused the Basque nationalists of trying to divide the Basques , between those who favor self-determination and those who prefer to remain firmly a part of Spain . The Basques want "  dialogue and a change of course , " Lopez said . He has vowed to govern for all Basques , and Spain 's Socialist Prime Minister , Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , campaigned in the Basque region to support Lopez . For years , Socialist and conservative politicians , even low-level town councilors , in the Basque region have been protected by police or private bodyguards due to ETA death threats . Several have been killed nonetheless . But this year , the Basque nationalist party also has come under ETA attack . ETA violence is a regular feature of Basque and Spanish elections . Earlier this week , a predawn bomb attributed to ETA heavily damaged a new Socialist party clubhouse in the Basque town of Lazkao . The next day , the son of a former Socialist councilman there allegedly swung a heavy mallet to smash the glass windows and damage a social club linked to leftist pro-independence supporters . That man reportedly has now fled the town . An ETA statement on Friday , issued to the Basque newspaper Gara , called Sunday 's elections "  anti-democratic " and predicted they would result in a "  fascist parliament . " Spain 's economic crisis was somewhat less an issue in the relatively prosperous Basque region -- heavy on industry and services -- which still has slim economic growth and an unemployment rate of 8 percent , compared with the national average of nearly 14 percent . The three-province Basque region , whose largest city is Bilbao , has extensive home-rule powers , including a regional police force that is involved in the fight against ETA , control of education and health care , and tax collection . Elsewhere on Sunday , in Spain 's northwest Galicia region , the opposition conservatives won a majority in the Galicia regional parliament . They will dislodge the leftist governing coalition , led by the Galicia branch of Spain 's Socialist Party . The defeat was seen as blow to Prime Minister Zapatero .	Elections held for 75-seat regional parliament in Spain 's Basque region Basque Nationalist Party wins 30 seats , traditional allies win seven more Socialist Party and others win a 38-seat majority Basque Nationalist Party seeks self-determination for the 2.1 million Basques
CNN  -- Edward Snowden 's father defended his son 's actions Monday and slammed those who would focus on the "  sinner " rather than the "  sins " the younger Snowden revealed . "  He loves his country . I know my son . I know he loves his country . What he believed is that ... the American people needed to be aware of what their government was doing to them , spying upon them , " Lon Snowden told CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 Monday night . Edward Snowden , a former National Security Agency contractor , faces espionage charges in the United States . He is currently holed up in the Moscow airport , where he 's been confined for weeks . Snowden : Facts , fictions and fears Lon Snowden said that he 's been able to communicate with his son indirectly and that he believes he 's in reasonably good spirits . He urged his son to remain in Russia "  until we have assurances that he would receive a fair trial . " "  There has been a clear effort by those who have been threatened politically and/or embarrassed by these revelations to focus on the , so to speak , sinner -- my son who has revealed these -- instead of the sins , the actual revelations . It 's clear they do n't want to discuss that , " Lon Snowden said . Snowden did not access ` crown jewels ' of NSA intel , official says His son is seeking asylum because he claims he would be tortured and face the death penalty if returned to the United States . In a letter to Russian authorities last week , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder wrote that the Justice Department would not seek the death penalty . He argued that Snowden 's arguments for temporary asylum in Russia are without merit . The death penalty is not an option given the current charges against Snowden , and even if additional charges were filed , the United States would still not seek capital punishment , Holder wrote . Snowden 's father has called on President Barack Obama to order the attorney general to dismiss the criminal complaint filed against his son . "  Our national character , much as with individuals , is determined by what we do when we think that no one is watching , when we think that we wo n't be held accountable . And it 's not just a matter of what 's legal , of what 's constitutional . It 's a matter of what 's ethical , " Lon Snowden told CNN . Last month his son admitted to revealing sweeping U.S. electronic surveillance programs to the news media . He left Hong Kong for Moscow on June 23 . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Lon Snowden defends his son , who is holed up in the Moscow airport He urges him to stay in Russia "  until we have assurances that he would receive a fair trial " "  It 's not just a matter of what 's legal ... It 's a matter of what 's ethical , " he tells CNN
London  CNN  -- Pirates ? Ravers ? At first glance , the portraits are startling and confusing . Hidden behind sunglasses and hats , their faces shrouded in brightly colored scarves and t-shirts , these striking , enigmatic figures could as easily be rebel fighters as models at an edgy runway show . In fact , they are migrant construction workers of the United Arab Emirates , mostly men from India and Pakistan whose cheap labor has powered the rise of the country 's skyscrapers . The laborers -- often subjected to exploitative working conditions , according to Human Rights Watch -- are described by photographer Philippe Chancel as "  the new slaves " of the Gulf . "  But they do n't look like slaves , " said the Frenchman , whose photographic study of the migrant workers was published as a book , "  Workers Emirates , " by Bernard Chauveau Editeur last month . They do n't look like like workers either , he said , their bright colors a stark contrast to traditionally drab depictions of laborers in the West . "  I try to give something very beautiful , a little seductive . I want not to denounce , but to give people the possibility to get inside a very deep problem , " Chancel added . Chancel began visiting the Emirates in 2007 , initially training his camera on the bold new architecture emerging out of the desert . But he soon became fascinated with the brightly-dressed workers in the margins of his viewfinder , a group which seemed to pass unnoticed by the surrounding society . "  The most shocking thing for me is the violence of the indifference , " he said . Despite their vivid appearance , he likened them to ghosts . "  They were omnipresent but at the same time invisible , as if the eye did not see them as worth attention , " he writes . The men were anonymous , their faces were shielded from the sun , while their work barely registered with the majority of the population , which spent the day sheltered from the elements inside air-conditioned buildings . Chancel began visiting their building sites and dormitory camps unannounced , shooting "  very fast and very sharp " to capture realistic representations of the men and their surroundings . On one occasion he was arrested . Having seen the squalid conditions in their dormitories , which he likened to a prison , he became further intrigued to discover the men , who earn salaries of about $ 160 a month , seem to accept their plight . "  The worker is a slave , but he feels lucky to have an opportunity to try to meet his destiny , " said Chancel . "  His hell is bearable . " Priyanka Motaparthy , Middle East researcher at Human Rights Watch , said that some workers paid up to $ 4,000 to recruiters in pursuit of good wages and low living expenses , taking on significant debts just to get the jobs . "  Most are completely trapped by financial circumstances , " she said . They are let into the country as temporary workers , usually on three-year permits . Tight immigration laws grant their employers extraordinary powers over their lives , with bosses keeping their passports and sponsoring their visas , meaning they can not easily change jobs if they find the conditions intolerable . "  The climate of fear they live in means they ca n't strike or protest , " she said . The economies of the United Arab Emirates , and the other Gulf Cooperation Council countries of Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Bahrain , Qatar and Oman , are heavily dependent on foreign workers , with an estimated 15 million foreigners working in the GCC , according to the International Labor Organization . "  Many workers do n't know what they 're getting into , " said Motaparthy . "  They 're not getting contracts that reflect what the job actually is , and the contracts are n't in their own language . " While there had been some improvements for workers in recent years , with governments introducing wage protection schemes and mandatory health insurance to be paid by employers , exploitation was still widespread , she said . Chancel , who has also produced work on North Korea , is currently exhibiting in London , Paris , Montpelier and Dubai . "  I love the idea of the pictures coming back to the origin , " he said of the Dubai show . But there was little chance of his subjects coming across portraits of themselves in a Dubai gallery . "  Of course not , " he said .	Photographer Philippe Chancel has released a book of portraits of migrant laborers in the UAE Human Rights Watch says the exploitation of migrant laborers from South Asia is widespread Chancel likens the laborers to "  ghosts , " invisible to others in the Emirates
It may technically be a Saturday , but it sure feels like Fry-day to us : August 30 is International Bacon Day . The tasty celebration falls on the Saturday before Labor Day each year . Best bacon across the nation Market research firm the NPD Group found that Americans ate 1.1 billion bacon servings from April 2013 to April 2014 -- about 6 % more than the previous year . How to make a bacon pig While the bacon craze may have reached peak sizzle in the last decade , with dedicated festivals , bacon-based couture , and appearances in non-breakfast courses from sundaes to cocktails , America 's fixation with delicious strips of cured pork is nothing new . Is Perfect Bacon Bowl the next Snuggie ? Click through the gallery above for a small taste of some vintage bacon recipes and propaganda from our personal cookbook collection .	International Bacon Day is celebrated on the Saturday before Labor Day According to market research , bacon consumption is up But America 's bacon fixation is nothing new , as evidenced by vintage recipes
CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture is investigating "  disturbing evidence of inhumane treatment of cattle " at a California meat supplier , the agency said . After receiving video from an animal welfare group , the USDA sent investigators to the Central Valley Meat Co. and found violations of humane handling , the agency said in a statement . Jane Velez-Mitchell : Slaughterhouse video shows USDA needs to clean up its act "  We have reviewed the video and determined that while some of the footage provided shows unacceptable treatment of cattle , it does not show anything that would compromise food safety , " said Al Almanza , administrator of the USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service . The USDA suspended inspections at the Hanford-based company , effectively halting slaughter operations there . The agency said Wednesday it bought 21 million pounds of beef for federal food programs in fiscal year 2011 , nearly one-sixth of its beef purchases . Would you eat a burger grown in a lab ? Company officials have not seen the video , Brian Coelho , president of the Central Valley Meat Co. , said Tuesday . He said he was "  extremely disturbed " to learn that inspections were suspended . "  Our company seeks to not just meet federal humane handling regulations , but to exceed them , " Coelho said in a statement . He said federal inspectors continuously inspect the plant and are able to take action if they see a problem . "  That is why these allegations are both disturbing and surprising , " he said . Central Valley did not respond to a request for comment Tuesday after CNN sent the company a link to the video . The company did not respond to messages left Wednesday . Compassion Over Killing , a nonprofit organization that focuses on animal cruelty , posted the video to YouTube and to its website on Tuesday . The group said an undercover investigator shot the video . In the graphic video , one worker stands on the nostrils of a cow that the narrator says has been shot in the head but did n't die right away . In another segment , a worker appears to shoot a cow in the head several times . "  At U.S. slaughterhouses , federal law requires death to be quick , when cows are shot in the head the process should cause immediate unconsciousness , " the narrator says . "  At Central Valley , countless deaths we documented were slow and agonizing . " US buying $ 170 million in meat from farmers hit by high feed prices Central Valley Meat , a 50-year-old company , was one of the beef suppliers for In-N-Out Burger , a well-known fast food chain predominantly in California and the Southwest . Mark Taylor , chief operating officer for In-N-Out , said the chain has stopped doing business with Central Valley Meat . "  In-N-Out Burger would never condone the inhumane treatment of animals , and all of our suppliers must agree to abide by our strict standards for the humane treatment of cattle , " he said in a statement . The plant has been closed while the USDA conducts its investigation . Central Valley said it will cooperate . Livestock industry wins Supreme Court appeal CNN 's Jaqueline Hurtado , Tina Burnside and Darrell Calhoun contributed to this report .	Undercover video appears to show workers mistreating cows Central Valley Meat Co. says it tries to exceed federal regulations The USDA cites violations of humane handling but no violations of food safety An advocacy group says many cows suffered slow and agonizing deaths
CNN  -- Maria Isabel Garcia does n't get as many angry reactions to her work as she used to . For over ten years she has been one of the Philippines only science writers in a national newspaper , and during that time received her fair share of disparaging comments from readers in the devoutly Catholic country . Yet as the curator of The Mind Museum , the Philippines first modern , purpose-built science museum , her work now is a lot more palpable and potentially contentious than her newspaper column . "  So far I 've had a few individuals with their own personal opinions on why we 're not showing God at the same time we 're showing the atom or beginning of the universe , " she said . "  We explain that would be illogical in a science museum and they kind of concede and understand . Or at least I think they do . " After five years of planning , the 8,000 square meter purpose-built museum opened last month in an upscale , redeveloped area of Manila that would not look out of place in Singapore or San Francisco . Divided into five interlinked galleries , from "  The Atom " all the way to "  The Universe " and everything in between  described by Garcia as "  nature in scale "  , the aim is to make science more accessible and inspiring to a new generation . Around 60 % of children in the Philippines enroll in high school , but just 1 % of those in their final year receive qualifications in math and physics , according to a 2008 report from the International Association for the Evaluation of Educational Achievement . "  It 's not secret , the Filipino public largely perceive science as very cold and should be left in labs , but science is too important to leave to scientists alone , " said Garcia . "  In terms of concepts I made sure they are very fundamental . If we show nano-tech right away without telling the public that everything is made up of atoms they wo n't really get it . " Garcia 's concepts were turned into 250 exhibits made by local artists in consultation with scientists . The fusion of art and science came with its own unique dynamic . "  I always told the artists making the exhibits ` You have to be correct first before you can be beautiful . ' " One artist wanted to move Hydrogen to the other side of the Periodic Table because he thought it looked lonely , while the hominids were made through email correspondence with a paleoanthropologist in France ; the world 's three recognized makers of cavemen were too expensive to bring in . The result is a lively , interactive museum with touches of Garcia 's humor . Regularly displayed around the museum 's open-plan two-floor interior are signs reminding visitors to read the signs : "  Reading is what makes humans unique . Please help us prove this every day . " Stuffy-sounding museum guides have been rebranded as "  Mind Movers "  "  the coolest geeks in town , " says Garcia  whose job is to explain exhibits like the hominids and answer questions from the public . "  What surprised me was the surprise of the public that evolution makes sense , " said Garcia . "  When our Mind Movers tell visitors about evolution they do understand and will say , ` That 's it ? ' It is a big challenge , but it 's not that our people are so unaccepting . " Send in your images and video from the Philippines Raising money for a shiny new science museum in a country where over 30 % of the population lives below the poverty line was another challenge . With no government funding , the not-for-profit operation enlisted the support of foundations and backing from businesses to raise the 1 billion pesos  $ 23.5 million  for the cost of the project . "  We were so new to fund-raising and that we did n't really realize we were asking for such huge amounts , " said Manny Blas , the Mind Museum 's director . Together Blas and Garcia make up the odd couple of popular science -- "  I make the money , she spends it , " quips the laconic Blas -- and while Garcia has devoted her life to science , Blas is as well-versed in the gospels as he is corporate life . He holds a masters degree in theology and was the Southeast Asia president of U.S. food corporation Sara Lee for Southeast Asia until 2000 . Compared to Garcia , he takes a more charitable view of the teaching of science in the Philippines but realizes more needs to be done to inspire the next Philippine Faraday . "  Philippine students  do n't score that well in sciences , we are one of the lowest internationally , and while we do n't think the science museum will help solve that problem we think it 's a step in the right direction . "  We do want to make an impact and show that science is n't something that should threaten you but should excite you and hopefully inspire Filipinos to take up science , engineering , technology and be an inventor in the future . "	The Mind Museum is the first modern science museum in the Philippines Houses 250 interactive exhibits made by local artists and scientists Challenge to popularize science and scientific ideas in devoutly Catholic country Only 1 % of high school students in the Philippines graduate with math and physics
CNN  The collapse of marriage in our poorest communities -- and its tragic impact -- is a familiar story . But increasingly , marriage is becoming a marker of class privilege in America , something increasingly reserved for the affluent . If progressives want to tackle the scourge of inequality , then the retreat from marriage is an issue they ca n't ignore . The reality is that the retreat from marriage is pervading the working middle class -- the two-thirds of Americans without a college degree . This is occurring even as in upscale America , marital bonds remain comparatively strong . "  This is the marriage gap , and it 's something new in America , " declares a manifesto on "  marriage opportunity " unveiled in a recent Washington Monthly cover story . It was penned by four astute social and political analysts , David Blankenhorn , Jonathan Rauch , Barbara Dafoe Whitehead and Bill Galston .  Full disclosure : I 'm a signer of their statement . "  Over the past several decades , the norm of marriage has eroded across all economic and educational classes , but much less among the elite , " they write . "  But for millions of middle - and lower-class Americans , marriage is increasingly beyond reach , creating more fractured and difficult family lives , more economic insecurity for single parents , less social mobility for those on the lower rungs of the economic ladder , more childhood stress , and a fraying of our common culture . " True , overall U.S. marriage rates have fallen from 72 % of U.S. adults in 1960 to just 51 % in 2012 , according to The Economist . But drill a little deeper into the data , and a marital class divide emerges . Less than half of men with high school degrees are married , compared with 76 % of men with college degrees . The pattern is similar among women , except that those with graduate degrees have somewhat lower marriage rates than those with four-year college degrees . And because the college-educated tend to look for mates with similar education and earning power , their unions push them even higher up the income scale -- further widening the economic gulf between marital haves and have-nots . Marriage in America , it seems , is becoming another luxury item for economic elites to enjoy . So why should we worry ? "  Declining marriage rates may not be concerning on their own , but while Americans are forgoing marriage , they are not forgoing childbearing , " say Isabel Sawhill and Joanna Venator of the Brookings Institution . More than 40 % of children are born outside wedlock today  including nearly three-quarters of black children  . And a raft of social research shows that children who grow up in married , two-parent families do better in school and in life than those who do n't . It 's true that more children are being raised by cohabiting couples , but in the United States  unlike some European countries  these relationships tend to be unstable and short-lived . Some see the decline of marriage as stemming from a tectonic cultural shift -- the rise of feminism and the surge of women into work -- that has blurred the old division of familial labor between male breadwinners and female homemakers . But economic changes , mainly the disappearance of manufacturing jobs , automation and wage stagnation , have played a big part in the story , too . Liberals are eager to talk about their favorite economic fixes for inequality : raising the minimum wage , bolstering unions and taxing the rich to pay for new social benefits for families of modest means . But they seem uncomfortable talking about marriage , which is seen as an unwelcome distraction from issues of economic power . It 's tempting to blame such reticence on President George W. Bush 's ill-fated Healthy Marriage Initiative , which triggered a flurry of new federal marriage promotion programs over the previous decade . A centerpiece of Bush 's "  compassionate conservatism , " the initiative managed to polarize the social policy community while having a negligible impact on falling marriage rates . In truth , though , liberals have a long tradition -- at least since Daniel Patrick Moynihan 's warnings in the 1960s of the consequences of family breakdown in black communities -- of shying away from "  cultural " explanations for poverty and inequality . They need to get over it . Inequality as we know it today arises from the intricate interplay of economic and cultural changes , and wo n't be reversed simply by redistributing income from affluent to downscale families . High marriage rates in upper middle-class America make the link between family structure and economic success abundantly clear . For example , economists Robert Lerman and W. Bradford Wilcox estimate that the median income of families with children would be 44 % higher today if America had the same marriage rates we had in 1980 . Today , a record number of Americans -- one in five adults 25 and older -- have never been married . It 's probably not because our society is evolving away from a fundamental social institution that has endured for , oh , most of human history . In fact , researchers say aspirations to marriage are as high as ever , but the practical barriers are getting harder to surmount . Which brings us back to the "  marriage opportunity " manifesto . Rather than actively promoting marriage -- something government has shown it does n't really know how to do -- the opportunity agenda aims at removing impediments to marriage , especially for non-elite Americans . This includes a raft of familiar policy proposals for boosting the economic prospects of low-income workers and making taxes more family-friendly . Intriguingly , the four authors point to the one cultural shift that 's bucking the trend toward diminishing demand for weddings -- the public 's dramatic turnaround on same-sex marriage . They envision a possible political bargain in which conservatives accept gays as allies in fortifying marriage , and liberals recognize that family breakdown is magnifying America 's disparities of wealth and income . Could expanding marriage opportunity really become common ground in America 's intensely polarized culture wars ? It seems like an extravagant hope . But Blankenhorn and company are emphatically right that both progressives and conservatives have a big stake in reversing the retreat from marriage .	Will Marshall : Retreat from marriage is pervading the working middle class Marriage in America is becoming another luxury item for economic elites , he says
CNN Student News  -- May 29 , 2014 President Obama discusses his foreign policy during a speech at West Point . We 'll tell you what critics have said regarding this issue and how the president responded . Today 's show also looks back on the turbulent and triumphant life of Maya Angelou , and we pass along some tips on driving safely during a dangerous season . We 'll also peer into what the future may hold for world cities . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : In your opinion , what should news media include when reporting on a presidential speech ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . U.S. Military Academy 2 . foreign policy 3 . Maya Angelou Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is meant by the term "  foreign policy " ? What major foreign policy points did President Obama address during yesterday 's speech at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point ? What have critics said about the president 's foreign policy ? 2 . Who was Maya Angelou ? What do we know about her childhood ? Who are some of the civil rights leaders she worked with ? What are some of the different careers that she had ? What are some of the awards she received ? 3 . What is Bluefin-21 ? What was it searching for ? Where was it conducting its missions ? Why are authorities temporarily suspending this search ? What is the role of the Chinese vessel in this area ? 4 . What does the "  city of the future " look like in Songdo , South Korea ? What are some of the features of Masdar City in Abu Dhabi ? What will homes and streets look like in Fujisawa , Japan ? Who is financing each of these cities ? So far , how have these cities been received ? What is being done to attract more residents ? 5 . Why is AAA warning teens about the 100 days that begin on Memorial Day ? What tips does the organization offer for safer teen driving ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What is your opinion of President Obama 's foreign policy ? Do you agree or disagree with his approach to events in Ukraine , Syria , Iraq and Afghanistan ? Explain . Are there any foreign policy issues that you think deserve more or less attention than they are getting ? Explain . 2 . What do you think happened to Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? Why do you think that the plane has not yet been found ? Do you think the search should continue ? Why or why not ? 3 . In what ways are the futuristic cities seen in the video "  laboratories " ? What do you think could be learned here ? Would you consider living in one of these cities ? Why or why not ? 4 . In spite of numerous laws , classes , and PSAs , car accidents are still a leading cause of death for teenagers . What , if anything , do you think can be done to promote safer driving among teens ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  Seventy years ago , Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15 . Just two weeks after her supposed death on March 31 , 1945 , the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp where she had been imprisoned was liberated -- timing that showed how close the Jewish diarist had been to surviving the Holocaust . But new research released by the Anne Frank House shows that Anne and her older sister , Margot Frank , died at least a month earlier than previously thought . Researchers re-examined archives of the Red Cross , the International Training Service and the Bergen-Belsen Memorial , along with testimonies of survivors . They concluded that Anne and Margot probably did not survive to March 1945 -- contradicting the date of death which had previously been determined by Dutch authorities . In 1944 , Anne and seven others hiding in the Amsterdam secret annex were arrested and sent to the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp . Anne Frank 's final entry That same year , Anne and Margot were separated from their mother and sent away to work as slave labor at the Bergen-Belsen camp in Germany . Days at the camp were filled with terror and dread , witnesses said . The sisters stayed in a section of the overcrowded camp with no lighting , little water and no latrine . They slept on lice-ridden straw and violent storms shredded the tents , according to the researchers . Like the other prisoners , the sisters endured long hours at roll call . Her classmate , Nannette Blitz , recalled seeing Anne there in December 1944 : "  She was no more than a skeleton by then . She was wrapped in a blanket ; she could n't bear to wear her clothes anymore because they were crawling with lice . " Listen to Anne Frank 's friends describe her concentration camp experience As the Russians advanced further , the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp became even more crowded , bringing more disease . A deadly typhus outbreak caused thousands to die each day . Typhus is an infectious disease caused by lice that breaks out in places with poor hygiene . The disease causes high fever , chills and skin eruptions . "  Because of the lice infesting the bedstraw and her clothes , Anne was exposed to the main carrier of epidemic typhus for an extended period , " museum researchers wrote . They concluded that it 's unlikely the sisters survived until March , because witnesses at the camp said the sisters both had symptoms before February 7 . "  Most deaths caused by typhus occur around twelve days after the first symptoms appear , " wrote authors Erika Prins and Gertjan Broek . The exact dates of death for Anne and Margot remain unclear . Margot died before Anne . "  Anne never gave up hope , " said Blitz , her friend . "  She was absolutely convinced she would survive . " Her diary endures as one of the world 's most popular books . Read more about Anne Frank 's cousin , a keeper of her legacy	Museum : Anne Frank died earlier than previously believed Researchers re-examined archives and testimonies of survivors Anne and older sister Margot Frank are believed to have died in February 1945
CNN  -- More than 100 people attempting to illegally cross into the United States from Mexico over the weekend threw rocks and bottles at U.S. Border Patrol agents trying to stop them , the agency said Monday . No one was seriously injured . The attempted crossing occurred a short distance from the San Ysidro Port of Entry in California . The group ignored orders to stop from a Border Patrol agent standing watch just north of the border . The agent fired pellets containing pepper powder in an unsuccessful attempt to stop the group 's advance , the Border Patrol said . Several other agents responded . "  The crowd became increasingly unruly and began throwing rocks and bottles , " the agency said . Several agents were struck , including one who was hit in head with a full water bottle . The response of force from the border agents "  eventually caused the group to return to Mexico and disperse . " No one was arrested .	No one was seriously injured No one was arrested The group dispersed and returned to Mexico
Moscow  CNN  -- Someone phoned in a bomb threat to the Moscow Aviation Institute on Tuesday , prompting the evacuation of 7,000 students from all 12 buildings at the institute , officials said . The threat was specific to one building , but all 12 buildings at the institute were evacuated as a precaution , Moscow police said . Police have been combing through the buildings with sniffer dogs . Security in Russia has been a global concern recently as the Sochi Winter Olympics take place about 1,600 kilometers  1,000 miles  south of Moscow .	The threat was phoned in to the Moscow Aviation Institute The threat was specific to one building , but all 12 buildings were evacuated Police have been combing through the buildings with sniffer dogs
CNN  -- A policeman sacrificed his life for the sake of others , embracing a suicide bomber in southeast Afghanistan on Saturday morning to dull the blast as it detonated , eyewitnesses said . The bomb killed the officer , Murad Khan , and eight minors between the ages of 7 and 17 . It wounded two more people , said police spokesman Haji Yaqoob of Khost province . The bomber attempted to enter a village where coalition forces were conducting training exercises with Afghan police , but officers at a checkpoint recognized his explosive vest and stopped him , police said . The training session had convened near the checkpoint , and Yaqoob believes it was the target . In a separate incident Saturday , a suicide bomber on a bicycle detonated himself at a gate to the Afghan defense ministry in Kabul hours after newly appointed U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel landed in the Afghan capital . Hagel was not in the area at them time of the explosion . The secretary is in Afghanistan to visit American troops and get the lay of the land in the restive country to better advise President Barack Obama . Hagel emphasized that the United States is still at war in Afghanistan despite the current mission to transition into a role of "  training , assistance and advice . " This is the latest suicide attack in the nation . A car bomber drove up to a U.S. military base in Khost province in December , but did not make it past the gate . The vehicle 's detonation killed three people -- a security guard and two truck drivers . Coalition forces in Khost are moving from a combat role side by side with Afghan National Army troops to an advisory role . CNN 's Ben Brumfield wrote in Atlanta ; Jennifer Z. Deaton contributed to this report	The suicide bomber attempts to enter a town , where coalition and Afghan forces are training Police at a checkpoint recognize he is wearing an explosive vest One officer embraces him to blunt the effects of the explosives The bomber detonates his explosives , killing the officer and eight children
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  Islamic militants with the extremist group Al-Shabaab mounted a bloody attack Thursday on government administration offices in Baidoa , Somalia . Initial reports to police indicate that nine people , including four attackers , were killed after gunmen in military uniforms attacked the house of the former Somali parliament speaker and current president of the newly established southwest regional administration , said Col. Mahad Abdi , a Somali police officer . The attack began when a car bomb detonated at the gate of the state palace in Baidoa city , some 250 kilometers  155 miles  northwest of the capital , Mogadishu . Heavy gunfire broke out between Somali troops backed by Ethiopian forces inside the house of the regional president , Sharif Hassan Sheikh Aden . Explosions and gunfire were still going on over an hour after the initial assault , Abdi said . Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack . A broadcast by the group 's official radio station , Andulus , said that Al-Shabaab gunmen had entered the regional president 's house and killed seven Ethiopian soldiers . The African Union 's special representative for Somalia , Ambassador Maman S. Sidikou , condemned the attack , saying it had targeted troops who have worked to restore peace to Baidoa . "  I am deeply saddened by news of the attack in Baidoa this morning , " he said in a statement released by AMISOM , the African Union mission to Somalia . Sidikou said he had also received reports of an attempted attack at a Mogadishu hotel Wednesday night . "  These are desperate attempts by Al-Shabaab to seek relevance , following the massive defeats they continue to suffer from the Somali National Army working together with AMISOM troops , " he said . Al-Shabaab started with a goal of waging a war against the Somali government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or Sharia . It has since shifted focus to terrorist attacks in Somalia and beyond , even calling , in a video released last month , for attacks on shopping malls in Canada , the United Kingdom and the United States . U.S. authorities downplayed the threat . How big a threat is Al-Shabaab to the United States ? CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	The African Union 's Somalia representative condemns the attack , says it targeted troops Al-Shabaab says its militants attacked the state palace in the city of Baidoa Police say initial reports indicate nine people are dead , including four attackers
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Elvira Sosa left Mexico for the United States more than 30 years ago , but last year was the first time she 'd been counted as part of the U.S. Census . Sosa was among thousands of illegal immigrants in Los Angeles who filled out a census form last year , and city officials said the response , especially among Latinos , might have saved the area money and congressional representation . The increased count was purposeful : A Census Bureau outreach program urged undocumented workers to fill out the census and assured them that nothing on the form could be used against them . The program included Spanish call centers that would field questions about the census , plus billboards , bus advertisements and fliers with information . Celebrities publicized the census , too . The response : The 2010 census showed that the numbers of Latinos living in this country increased by 43 % , from 35 million to more than 50 million , during the past 10 years . Arturo Vargas , executive director of the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials Educational Fund , testified before a Senate subcommittee this month that Latino participation in the census was "  unprecedented . " But in some areas , poor communication , hostility toward Latinos and immigrants and a cultural fear of the government prevented a complete count , he said . In Sosa 's case , her daughter encouraged her to fill out the form . "  It 's important to count me , " Sosa said in broken English , "  because I 'm important . I live in this country . " Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa was thrilled by Los Angeles ' mail participation rate . At more than 70 % , he said , it was among the highest for large cities and close to the national mail participation rate of 74 % . More important , it might have secured money and political clout for the area . The Census Bureau uses population counts to apportion seats in the House of Representatives , and the federal government uses decennial census data to distribute more than $ 400 billion a year . "  The last time around , 10 years ago , we were the second-worst among big cities in the country in terms of the undercount , " Villaraigosa said . The 2000 undercount cost Los Angeles more than $ 200 million in federal funds . Villaraigosa believes the outreach to the Latino and immigrant communities and the homeless population account for Los Angeles ' 2010 response success . The National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials said each person in the United States , legal or not , is worth about $ 1,400 in federal funds to a community per year . Cities use these federal dollars to help pay for police and fire protection , along with vital infrastructure and other services . It is illegal , however , to use federal dollars to aid illegal immigrants directly , and they can not receive government assistance . Instead , religious and other organizations fill the void . At the Margaret Aylward Center for the Poor in the Hispanic-heavy L.A. suburb of Pico Rivera , the size of the Latino population was clear well before it was counted by the census . Sister Vickey Haran said the center relies solely on donations ; if she accepted government funding , she 'd be required to ask those seeking help from the center to prove their residency status . "  It 's a ministry to the poor , " said Haran , who runs the center along with the Holy Faith Sisters . "  We serve anyone who comes and asks for food . We do not ask for papers . We do not ask any proof . " Share your story through iReport 's Cultural Census The count is about more than money and resources , though . Villaraigosa said California would have lost a congressional seat if this census count remained at or near the same as in 2000 . That seat was saved , he said , because more people were counted . "  What this does is , at a minimum , it allows California and other states with large immigrant populations to get the representation they deserve , " Villaraigosa said . But knowing that illegal immigrants might help to maintain the political power for a city or district raises the ire of some anti-immigration groups . "  You have an imbalance , " said Glenn Spencer , founder of American Patrol . "  You might have a congressional district in Los Angeles of 600,000 people but only 100,000 citizens . So those citizens have five times the voting power of someone in Iowa . You 'll have politicians who say ' I want these people counted . I get more power , but I can manipulate the situation because they ca n't vote . ' "	Census : Latinos living in U.S. increased by 43 percent , from 35 million to 50 million An outreach program in L.A. urged illegal immigrants to fill out census L.A. mayor said the increase in responses saved a congressional seat for California
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- An unopposed former Communist leader was elected Nepal 's new prime minister Saturday , ending nearly three weeks of political uncertainty . Madhav Kumar Nepal waves at his supporters at the country 's parliament in Kathmandu . Madhav Kumar Nepal of the Communist Party of Nepal  Unified Marxist-Leninist  was the only person to serve as a candidate for the post after he received backing from more than 20 of the 25 parties in parliament . Nepal , 56 , is a former general secretary of the Communist Party , but had resigned after the party made a poor showing last year against another Communist movement . In that vote , the Communist Party of Nepal  Maoist  became the largest party , with 38 percent of the seats in the 601-member constituent assembly which also functions as parliament . Nepal had been general secretary since 1993 and served as the country 's deputy prime minister for nine months in 1995 . Pushpa Kamal Dahal , the Maoist chairman , resigned as prime minister May 4 after the president overturned the Cabinet 's decision to sack the army chief . Nepal became a republic last year . The new government has two important tasks before it : the writing of a new constitution within a year , and integration of 19,600 Maoist combatants into the security forces . Without the support of the former Maoist rebels , these tasks can not be achieved . The Maoists fought a 10-year insurgency aimed at abolishing the monarchy .	Madhav Kumar Nepal of the Communist Party of Nepal was only candidate Nepal , 56 , is a former general secretary of the Communist Party Pushpa Kamal Dahal , the Maoist chairman , resigned as prime minister May 4 Followed president 's decision to overturn Cabinet 's sacking of army chief
CNN  -- It 's been a year since the United States ratified the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty with Russia , and it 's time to reflect on its benefits . By allowing us to restart inspections , verifications and the dismantling of nuclear assets , New START has established transparency , predictability and stability that serves the security of the whole world . We know what the Russians have , and they know what we have , and together we are reducing our arsenals , allowing us all to sleep easier . Keeping in mind the success of New START , the next logical step would be to ratify the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty  CTBT  , as Russia did in 2000 . The establishment of such a ban on nuclear testing would further strengthen American security . START I was first proposed by President Reagan . The United States and the Soviet Union signed the agreement in 1991 , enhancing stability between the two nations and allowing for a drastic reduction in nuclear weapons . After the dissolution of the USSR , the treaty was inherited by Russia and continued until its expiration in December of 2009 . The expiration of the treaty risked a new arms race that threatened the security gains of the past 17 years . Succeeding the original agreement , New START is the modern recognition that both our nations benefit by fostering transparency between our two strategic nuclear forces . It is no secret that during the course of the Cold War , the United States and Soviet Union developed the nuclear capacity to destroy each other , and indeed the very existence of humanity , several times over . At the height of that conflict , the United States and USSR possessed more than 65,000 nuclear weapons between them . Nuclear strategy promoted the concept of "  bouncing the rubble , " signifying the premise of destruction that nuclear war would unleash . Yet this era demands thinking outside the conventions of nuclear war . We need weapons for fighting the enemies of today , not the Soviets of yesteryear . In the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , our greatest threat has not been nuclear weapons fueled by uranium , but buried homemade bombs fueled by fertilizer . Investments in equipment , technology and training designed to combat low technology threats have proven more decisive in protecting the lives of our troops than any of our nuclear assets . Of course , the United States can and should maintain a strong , credible nuclear deterrent . It also can and should set an example for the rest of the world with responsible ownership of these weapons . After conducting more than 1,000 nuclear test explosions , the United States has not explosively tested a nuclear weapon in nearly 20 years and instead maintains a stockpile stewardship program to ensure the reliability of the current arsenal . Still the U.S. Senate resists approving the test ban treaty , which would create worldwide networks to apply pressure against states like Iran and North Korea . These networks of pressure are exactly what we need against rogue states that are n't deterred from nuclear development by the vast American arsenal . These states are more susceptible to pressure outside the nuclear realm , and our strategy must incorporate this understanding to be effective . This means taking a bold diplomatic leadership role . By ratifying the CTBT , at no consequence to our own nuclear capabilities , the United States further establishes an international norm that pressures Iran and North Korea to ratify the treaty as well . We no longer need to test , but these states do in order to bridge their knowledge gaps . The success of New START exemplifies the kind of diplomatic leadership the United States must embody . America became a reluctant global leader in the 20th century . But with global power comes global responsibility . Thrust onto the world stage in periods that demanded leadership , we have seen the consequences of American reluctance to lead . The 21st century is a time of new challenges , be those challenges of economic , environmental or military nature . Leadership does n't have to be expensive , and there are clear budgetary incentives for reducing our Cold War nuclear arsenal . As commentators discuss the decline of American influence in the world , we must focus on the power of our example as a staple of international leadership and that means active participation in diplomatic processes and organizations . Americans firmly believe in their commitment to ideals , principles and morality . New START is supremely representative of that . We should extend that commitment to ratification of the CTBT . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephen Cheney .	Stephen Cheney : New START treaty has provided stability for the whole world Next step is ratifying the test ban treaty , he says , signed by Russia a decade ago Cheney : U.S. no longer needs to test nuclear weapons ; threat today is homemade bombs Signing would help us in pressing rogue states to pledge not to test nukes , he writes
CNN  -- Amazon may be coming out with its own smartphone , according to a new report from Bloomberg . The company reportedly is working with Foxconn to develop the hardware , which will likely run Amazon 's version of the Android operating system . A phone is n't as far-fetched of an undertaking as it might seem for the company , which has never made a handset . Amazon already has many of the building blocks it would need to make money off a smartphone , including its own version of the Android operating system , an established app store and well-stocked content marketplaces that could make up a good chunk of revenue for the phone . It also has a pool of loyal customers who trust the brand . Amazon is relatively new to the hardware game . The company 's first entry was the Kindle e-reader released in 2007 , followed by its Android-powered big brother , the Kindle Fire tablet . Amazon has had more success than many other companies in the tablet market thanks to getting in early and a low price made possible by revenue from books , movies and music . However , the smartphone market is already filled with well-established competitors . Current market leader Samsung shipped 42.2 million smartphones worldwide in the first quarter of 2012 , according to research firm IDC . Apple was a close second with 35.1 million smartphones , followed at a distance by Nokia and Research In Motion . There are also some challenges unique to selling smartphones . To build a decent device , Amazon will need the right patents so it does n't end up on the receiving end of costly lawsuits . To that end , the company just hired a new general manager for patent acquisitions and investments , Matt Gordon . Dealing with carriers would be another hurdle . Ina Fried at AllThingsD floated an intriguing theory : Amazon could buy wireless service wholesale from the big carriers and bundle it with the devices , like it does for the Kindle . The rumor that Amazon would unveil a smartphone late this year surfaced in November 2011 , when Citigroup 's research department predicted the device based on its supply chain checks in Asia . The new report , based on two anonymous sources "  with knowledge of the matter " supports the original theory floated by Citigroup .	Report : Amazon is working on a smartphone Amazon already has app store , and its own version of Google 's Android system Selling phones would put them in an already crowded market , though
Washington  CNN  -- Thousands of Department of Justice employees can breathe a little easier after learning they wo n't be furloughed due to forced budget cuts , but that assurance is good only until October 1 , when a new fiscal year begins for the federal government . Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo to department workers on Wednesday , which CNN obtained . It said , "  thousands of critical FBI and ATF agents , deputy U.S. marshals , prosecutors , and other department employees will remain on the job protecting national security , fighting violent crime and enforcing our laws . " Employees were expected to be furloughed as many as 14 days when across-the-board budget cuts went into effect earlier this year after the White House and Congress could n't agree on another way to reduce the deficit . Holder said he can avoid furloughing workers for now because of new budget authority granted at the end of March and because he has moved some funds from different programs to be able to pay employees . But Holder said the more than $ 1.6 billion in cuts affecting various government agencies will still hurt the Justice Department because he has had to cut contract spending and training and wo n't be able to fill open jobs because of a hiring freeze . According to Holder , "  furloughs are a distinct possibility " when the new fiscal year begins . Rep. Frank Wolf , the Virginia Republican who chairs the House Appropriations subcommittee that oversees Justice Department funding , sent a letter to Holder on Wednesday saying he could transfer funds to avoid the furloughs . But Wolf said if the department had not purchased Thomson prison "  those resources would have been available to cushion the impact " of forced budget cuts . In 2012 , the government bought the prison from the state of Illinois for $ 165 million . Many Republicans opposed the purchase and worried the administration would move Guantanamo detainees to that facility . Holder made assurances that would not happen . Holder quickly sent a letter back to Wolf saying the prison purchase was not made with money needed to run the department .	Attorney General Eric Holder says funds have been moved to keep workers on the job But forced budget cuts may affect workers when the new fiscal year begins in October Holder says the cuts will still affect the Justice Department in other ways
CNN  -- CNN is monitoring tweets and other messages from people in Haiti and reports from those who said they have been in touch with friends and family . CNN has not been able to able to verify this material . What people on the ground in Haiti are saying on Twitter : "  Felt that , loud and clear . We 're in Cap Haitien . House  really the whole world  shook for about 30 seconds " -- From Twitter user firesideint  Luke Renner  at 5:20 p.m. ET Watch Luke 's interview with a Haitian student after quake "  this s *** is still shaking ! major earthquake in haiti ! " -- From Twitter user fredodupouxat 5:20 p.m. ET "  Just experienced a MAJOR earthquake here in Port au Prince - walls were falling down . - we are ALL fine - pray for those in the slums " -- From Twitter user troylivesay in Port-au-Prince , Haiti at 5:24 p.m. ET "  words on the streets part of Hotel Montana Fell , exagone is cracked . houses in canape vert fell down #haiti #eq " -- From Twitter user fredodupoux in Haiti at 6:05 p.m. ET See CNN 's Twitter list of feeds pertaining to quake "  In touch again with my friend , a new aftershock just happen , lot of emotions ... #Haiti #HaitiQuake " -- From Twitter user InternetHaiti in Port-au-Prince , Haiti at 6:15 p.m. ET "  Phones and internet are mostly out - we do n't have either at home - radio says the Palace fell down and buildings fell down all along Delmas " -- From Twitter user troylivesay in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , at 7:28 p.m. ET "  I ca n't imagine the devastation this has caused to such an overly stressed city - I think it will be suffering for quite some time " -- From Twitter user troylivesay in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , at 7:31 p.m. ET iReport.com : Are you there ? Send photos , stories "  If anyone in Haiti is reading this , please go out and help in the streets , it 's very ug ; y out there if you have n't seen it #haiti " -- From Twitter user fredodupoux in Haiti at 8:04 p.m. ET "  In our area mostly exterior walls fallen - people afraid to re-enter their homes ... " -- From Twitter user troylivesay in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , at 8:20 p.m. ET "  Tipap made it home from Carrefour - saw many dead bodies and injured along the way - said most buidings w/more than one story are down " -- From Twitter user troylivesay in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , at 8:22 p.m. ET "  I 'm hearing singing and praying from from the carrefour feuilles area . . My prayers go out to the folks there " -- From Twitter user RAMhaiti in Haiti at 9:26 p.m. ET "  just saw a picture of the palace . . it is destroyed " -- From Twitter user RAMhaiti in Haiti at 10:05 p.m. ET "  I 'm told things are n't good at -LSB- Hotel -RSB- Montana . . an 8 story building behind me is rubble " -- From Twitter user RAMhaiti in Haiti at 10:20 p.m. ET CNN story commentors describing scene "  its crazy . we can here people wailing and crying . we know a lot of big buildings have fallen . we watched the mountain above the orphanage split . i have never experienced anything like this before . all of the nannies and kids are sitting out in the middle of our compound . a neighbor has already come over for medical help . i do n't have words to express . " -- Commentor relating details from sister-in-law in Jacmel , Haiti on the south coast at the Hands and Feet Mission/Children 's Village . "  Just got news that one of nannies , Francines school in Jacmel fell . She is injured but prayfor her . Many of her classmates are dead ! She is at her moms house next door tonight . We also heardthat thehospital in Petionville  PAP  also collasped . " -- Commentor Drex Stuart of the Hands & Feet Mission in Jacmel , Haiti . "  My brother and I were able to speak to our mother right before the communication went down . The house had collapse and she was outside in the front yard on her cell phone . She described total destruction around her " -- Commentor on CNN story "  Hello I live in Santiago Dominican Republic , The haiti earthquake was felt as if the epicenter was located in Dom Rep. I was lying on my bed and everything started shaking , frames and loose items around my home fell all over the place . A building which serves as a hospital for children with severe burns collapsed and they are currently trying to remove debris and victims from the building . I also have friends who work and haiti and the last thing I heard is that the hotel located near petion ville where they stay at collapsed and are trying to rescue victims as well . " -- Commentor on CNN story	NEW : Tweets : "  an 8 story building behind me is rubble , " "  the palace . . it is destroyed " Mom "  described total destruction around her " to family , CNN commentor writes Tweet : "  many dead bodies and injured , " collapsed buildings in Haiti CNN monitoring message , tweets after quake in Haiti ; messages have not been vetted
