Reclusive author Harper Lee has agreed to allow "  To Kill a Mockingbird " to be released electronically , ending what had until now been a glaring holdout in the digital library of literary masterpieces . Lee announced her decision Monday -- her 88th birthday -- in a statement released by her publisher HarperCollins . "  I 'm still old-fashioned . I love dusty old books and libraries , " Lee said . "  This is Mockingbird for a new generation . " Nelle Harper Lee has n't published a work in more than a half-century . She 's made headlines though in steadfastly fighting to keep the rights to her intellectual property protected . In 2013 , the Alabama native sued her hometown of Monroe County Heritage Museum for trademark infringement , saying it was illegally using her fame for its own gain . "  Historical facts belong to the world , " the suit argued "  but fiction and trademarks are protected by law . " Lee also once sued a former literary agent for being "  duped " into signing over the rights to her novel . Inspiring millions "  To Kill a Mockingbird " is told through the eyes of Scout , the daughter of a lawyer in Maycomb , Alabama . It deals with a local attorney 's relationship with his children and his community as he defends an African-American man accused of raping a white woman in the 1930s Jim Crow era . Its themes of racial injustice and waning innocence , grounded in characters possessing courage and tolerance , have inspired millions of readers . The 1960 novel -- the only one Lee wrote -- won a Pulitzer Prize and was made into an Academy Award-winning movie . According to HaperCollins , the novel has sold more than 30 million copies in English worldwide . It 's been translated into more than 40 languages , and still sells more than 1 million copies every year . Social buzz If social media buzz is any indication , there 's considerable excitement about this classic novel coming into the 21st century . "  Thank you Harper Lee ! To Kill a Mockingbird coming to a kindle near you in July ! A present for us on her birthday ! " wrote Amy Feld in a Facebook post . "  Hot damn ! Harper Lee okays an ebook of THE classic , " wrote another , Kathy Whitlock . The e-book and digital audio will be released on July 8 , the date of the 54th anniversary of the book 's original publication .	Lee announced her decision on her 88th birthday The novel has sold more than 30 million copies
CNN  -- Wanted by the Drug Enforcement Administration : Ebonics translators . It might sound like a punch line , as "  Ebonics " -- the common name for what linguists call African-American English -- has long been the butt of jokes , as well as the subject of controversy . But the agency is serious about needing nine people to translate conversations picked up on wiretaps during investigations , Special Agent Michael Sanders said Tuesday . A solicitation was sent to contractors as part of a request to companies to provide hundreds of translators in 114 languages . "  DEA 's position is , it 's a language form we have a need for , " Sanders said . "  I think it 's a language form that DEA recognizes a need to have someone versed in to conduct investigations . " The translators , being hired in the agency 's Southeast Region -- which includes Atlanta , Georgia ; Washington ; New Orleans , Louisiana ; Miami , Florida ; and the Caribbean -- would listen to wiretaps , translate what was said and be able to testify in court if necessary , he said . "  The concept is right and good , " said Walt Wolfram , distinguished professor of English linguistics at North Carolina State University . "  Why would n't you want experts who can help you understand what people are communicating ? " "  On one level , it 's no different than someone from the Outer Banks of North Carolina who speaks a distinct brogue , " he said . "  The problem is that even the term ` Ebonics ' is so controversial and politicized that it becomes sort of a free-for-all . " And Ebonics is no longer spoken only by African-Americans , Sanders said , referring to it as "  urban language " or "  street language . " He said he is aware of investigations in recent years in which it was spoken by African-Americans , Latinos and white people . "  It crosses over geographic , racial and ethnic backgrounds , " he said . " -LSB- African-American English -RSB- is linguistic defiance being reinforced by hip-hop , " said professor John Baugh , who leads the public relations committee of the Linguistic Society of America . The DEA 's recruiting "  has it half right , " Baugh said . Although having translation help is a good law enforcement tool , Baugh said , the term "  Ebonics " may be counterproductive because "  the social positions of speakers have been the object of ridicule . " The Washington University professor also is concerned about racial profiling resulting from assumptions made from a speaker 's dialect . While the DEA wants to have the translators available , it may not need to call upon them , Sanders said . He did not know how much it would cost to have the translators available . "  I ca n't say it 's spoken all the time , like Spanish and Vietnamese , " Sanders said . "  But there are people trying to use this to evade detection " while trafficking in drugs , he said . Asked whether agency currently has agents who can translate Ebonics , Sanders said some who have worked on local police forces can help pick out words on wiretaps . The term "  Ebonics " -- a blend of "  ebony " and "  phonics " -- became known in 1996 , when the Oakland , California , Unified School District proposed using it in teaching English . After the school board came under fire , it voted to alter the plan , which recognized Ebonics as a distinct language . The revised plan removed reference to Ebonics as "  genetically based " and as the "  primary language " of students . The board also removed a part that some understood to indicate that African-American students would be taught in Ebonics , although the board denied such intentions . "  There is something of substance here , " said Wolfram , who said he has studied African-American English for 40 years . "  There are differences in terms of language and lexicon and so forth that are difficult to understand for most people . So it is an issue . What , of course , happens is , it gets politicized and trivialized by the very term ` Ebonics . ' " The Linguistic Society of America calls Ebonics a form of communication that deserves recognition and study . "  Characterizations of Ebonics as ` slang , ' ` mutant , ' ` lazy , ' ` defective , ' ` ungrammatical ' or ` broken English ' are incorrect and demeaning , " a 1997 resolution said . For Baugh , all languages or dialects are "  fundamentally equal . " Ebonics is a dialect spoken by slave descendants who live in many countries and do n't speak just English , he said . Its early speakers were enslaved , isolated from other speakers of their language and denied access to formal education , Baugh said . Wolfram -- who has authored more than 20 books on English dialects , including African-American English -- recalled the Black Panther trials during the 1970s , when there was debate over whether the saying , "  Off the pigs , " was a genuine threat to kill police officers or a more metaphorical saying . Wolfram acknowledged Ebonics often presented as "  nothing but bad language . " But , he said , "  However you view it ... why would n't you want to avail yourself of all the interpretive capability that you can get ? " African-American English is "  a systematic language variety , with patterns of pronunciation , grammar , vocabulary and usage that extend far beyond slang , " according to the website of the Center for Applied Linguistics , a Washington-based nonprofit organization that says it aims to improve communication through better understanding of language and culture . "  Because it has a set of rules that is distinct from those of standard American English , characterizations of the variety as bad English are incorrect , " the center said . "  Speakers of AAE do not fail to speak standard American English , but succeed in speaking African American English . " U.S. English , a political advocacy group , supports the DEA 's recruitment , said Tim Schultz , director of government relations . "  Having somebody to explain slang terms ... spoken by a particular community is an advantage if it allows them to understand a conversation , " he said . U.S. English 's primary focus is making English the official language of the United States and backing laws that ensure immigrants learn English . Language barriers that contribute to conflicts between nations can be a "  serious issue , " Wolfram noted . "  It 's the same point here . " He said the translators could help in investigations , as "  the differences between dialect and code words can get pretty blurry at times . " Sanders said DEA plans to continue seeking the translators . "  African-American English is an evolving dialect and in some ways is growing in stature , " Baugh said .	NEW : Linguistic Society says Ebonics a valid dialect Ebonics is "  a language form we have a need for , " DEA says Ebonics became controversial with a 1996 school board proposal The DEA is seeking translators in 114 languages
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Five years after Hurricane Katrina struck , Conrad Wyre III is disappointed and disillusioned with the lack of progress made in New Orleans . "  Nothing 's really changed , " said the 35-year-old New Orleans native . He says some spots are still "  in shambles " in 2010 , and that many residents still feeling helpless and without support , like they 're "  floating in the wind . " Wyre , known as "  Sam " by his close friends and family , fled to Katy , Texas , with his then-pregnant wife shortly before the storm hit . But , he was n't able to ride out the storm in peace for long . After Katrina hit , he received a frantic , barely audible phone call from his mother . She and Wyre 's father had stayed put despite warnings . The floodwaters were rising and they were in dire need of help , and fast . Attempts to get assistance for his parents were futile . The Navy , the Coast Guard and the New Orleans Police Department were among the officials who told Wyre they could n't reach the area where his mother and father were trapped . Shocked and upset with the those responses , Wyre knows there was no question about his next move . He immediately went back to save his parents from the flooding caused by the failed levees . "  People were down here suffering , " Wyre said . "  Somebody dropped the ball . ... since the storm , I have lost faith in all levels of government . " The insurance companies have n't been helpful , either , Wyre said . His deductible is $ 7,500 , which he would n't be able to afford should another such weather-based tragedy occur . Wyre made the eight-hour trek back to the ravaged city . About a mile from his parents ' house , tents were set up and people had gathered there . Wyre paid a man with a boat $ 50 to take him to his parents ' neighborhood , where he blew an air horn and looked for survivors . Wyre -- who did n't know how to swim -- found his parents , who were then taken to safety along with their neighbors . Wyre 's parents were among the few people in their neighborhood who rebuilt their house , despite the damage done by Katrina . However , in a cruel twist of fate , a 2007 tornado destroyed their home again . Not wanting to fall victim to a weather disaster for a third time , they moved to a different neighborhood , but still close , and certainly within the state of Louisiana . Seeing his beloved city in ruins post-Katrina was devastating for Wyre . Eighty percent of the city was underwater . Streets once exploding with life -- loud music and laughing -- were drowned . There were many bleak moments . There were times when it seemed there was no hope . He says the crime , carjackings and political corruption the area experienced afterward hindered attempts for a much-needed renaissance . Some spots , such as Jefferson Parish , rebounded quickly , thanks in large part to the tourism sector . New Orleans has 300 more restaurants than it did before Katrina hit . Other areas have yet to make even a partial recovery , especially the Lower 9th Ward . Wyre says that was one place that lacked basic necessities , like grocery stores that operated for an extended period of time . In the days following Katrina , people stood in line for hours to get into the nearest Wal-Mart , where the shelves were quickly emptied . Animals were left to die in abandoned houses . For many , a deep depression sunk in . For some , it has yet to fade . "  There was nothing to come back to -- nowhere to go -- it was horrible , " says Wyre , who made a self-described "  emotional " return visit to the neighborhood of Hollygrove , where he grew up , and where he documented the devastation with before-and-after pictures for CNN.com 's "  Then and Now " project . In some instances , the changes seen in these pictures over a five-year span are minimal . Seeing areas that have n't been fixed since 2005 is tough for Wyre to accept . iReport : Wyre revisits Hollygrove Many homes are still abandoned and boarded up . Old water marks , some reaching halfway up buildings , are still visible , as are spray-painted marks that indicated bodies , odor or pets inside . Overgrown yards and the obvious blight make it tough to forget all the damage . "  Everybody was poor after the storm , " Wyre said . He says the still-rough conditions are why many evacuees have never returned to their neighborhoods . Many moved out of state to places like Atlanta , Georgia ; Denver , Colorado ; Houston , Texas . It 's tough for Wyre to walk down the familiar , once-vital streets now deserted . "  There 's whole blocks with no cars , no one out and about ... nothing . It 's boarded up , that 's the aftermath of Katrina . Just have to deal with it . " But almost immediately after Katrina , Wyre and his family were itching to get back to the New Orleans they love . They were n't thrilled with their temporary time in Texas , saying there was a lack of action and excitement in the air . There were none of the parades , explosive brass band shows or nights spent drinking and laughing with friends regaling stories after a full day at work . It did n't take long for the Wyre family to pack up their belongings and get back to the city streets they knew and loved . Despite the past , and the lack of improvements in some sections of New Orleans , Wyre is still thinking optimistically , and keeping his fingers crossed . He 's hoping brighter days are in the city 's future , and is more than ready for the day when people in New Orleans are no longer treading water , but are able to swim deeply in Big Easy 's legendary greatness . "  I love the city , the culture . ... That 's all I know . I ca n't survive anywhere else . "	Photographer Conrad Wyre III left New Orleans shortly before Katrina struck He left with his pregnant wife , but his parents stayed behind Wyre returned to help find his parents and other survivors He recently took part in iReport 's then and now Katrina photo project
CNN  -- With Tuesday 's recall vote , taxpayers in Wisconsin affirmed Gov. Scott Walker 's reforms and put an end to the state 's unholy alliance between big government and big labor . The reign of entrenched public sector unions may be over and a new era of self-governing fiscal responsibility beginning . The importance of Walker 's victory can not be understated . This is , after all , Wisconsin -- the birthplace of the American Federation of State County and Municipal Employees and the first state to permit collective bargaining . Not since Ronald Reagan in 1984 has Wisconsin voted Republican , and in 2008 , Obama took the state by a whopping 14 points . Analysis : Wisconsin now tougher for Obama , but still uphill climb for Romney And yet Walker won by seven points Tuesday , becoming the first governor in U.S. history to survive a recall election . Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch also beat the recall . The Wisconsin saga ends close to where it began : a sobering defeat for organized labor and a stunning victory for fiscal conservatives . Walker took office in 2011 facing a $ 3.6 billion budget hole . He had few options at his disposal to balance the budget : raise taxes , make draconian cuts or go after the sweetheart public employee pension and health care plans . He bravely chose the latter , requiring public employees to pay 5 % of their salaries toward their pensions  they paid virtually nothing before  and 12.6 % of their health care premiums  less than what private and federal employees pay  . Furthermore , he ended collective bargaining except for wages and made automatic union dues optional . Walker 's Wisconsin win big blow to unions , smaller one to Obama Before Walker 's reforms , Wisconsin state employees enjoyed salary and benefits that were about 28 % higher than comparable private sector workers , according to a new study from the American Enterprise Institute . Even after his much decried reforms , Wisconsin public employees ' total compensation is still about 22 % greater -- $ 81,637 versus $ 67,068 -- than similar private sector workers . Yet how were Walker 's proposals received ? Democratic state senators fled to Illinois to avoid votes ; up to 100,000 protesters stormed the state Capitol in Madison , climbing through windows and trashing the building ; teachers handed out fake doctors ' notes to skip school and protest , some even bringing their students with them ; signs and fliers compared Scott Walker to Adolf Hitler ; a Democratic state senator cursed out a Republican lawmaker ; and lastly , Democrats initiated recall elections on state senators , the lieutenant governor and Walker . In the end , Democrats have little , if anything , to show for it . That 's because Walker 's reforms have done everything he promised . He recouped the state 's budget shortfall without raising taxes . School districts that enacted his reforms were able to meet budgets without firing teachers , enlarging class sizes or cutting programs . In fact , some even reported budget surpluses . Property taxes fell for the first time in 13 years , and Walker cited figures that showed Wisconsin has added 35,000 jobs since he took office . The public sector union machine , once a colossus of Democratic power , looks weak in the wake of Walker 's triumph . With mandatory union dues now extinct , union membership has withered in Wisconsin . AFSCME 's Local 24 in Madison has seen its ranks drop from 22,300 to 7,100 , while AFSCME 's statewide membership has been cut in half . In short , Walker has broken the long running cycle of handoffs and paybacks between union leadership and state politicians . Where is the Democrat outrage ? In 2007 , then-Sen . Barack Obama promised , "  I  f American workers are being denied their right to organize when I 'm in the White House , I will put on a comfortable pair of shoes and I will walk on that picket line with you as president of the United States . " In February 2011 , President Obama called Walker 's proposals an "  assault " on unions . But less than two years later , Obama would n't set foot in Wisconsin before the recall . His endorsement of Tom Barrett came via Twitter , hardly instilling confidence in the Democratic cause . Public sector unions were left out in the Wisconsin cold . On the other hand , the untold story of the Wisconsin saga may be the resurgence of the tea party . Local tea party groups , like the Racine tea party , and national groups , such as Americans for Prosperity , have hosted dozens of rallies for Walker , recruiting volunteers from around the country and pouring in campaign donations in unparalleled numbers . Any rumors of a tea party demise have been short-lived . Come November , Wisconsin will be the conservative rallying cry . Fittingly , the Badger fight song may very well be the anthem : On , Wisconsin ! On , Wisconsin ! Plunge right through that line ! Run the ball clear down the field , A touchdown sure this time ... The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : Recall vote a huge victory for conservatives , tea party He says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker faced multibillion-dollar budget deficit Bennett says cutting worker benefits erased deficit , lowered taxes , helped state economy He says Obama did n't fulfill vow to stand with workers who lost collective bargaining on benefits
CNN  -- Jacques Chirac is the former French president best known for his staunch opposition to the war in Iraq -- a position that put him at odds with his U.S. counterpart , George W. Bush . But the 79-year-old 's reputation as a career politician , one of a handful who dominated the French political scene for decades , is now tainted by his conviction on corruption charges . Chirac was born in Paris in 1932 , the son of a bank worker . He studied in his home city , and at Harvard University 's summer school , before taking up a career in the civil service . He was elected to France 's parliament , the National Assembly , in 1967 and served as minister for agriculture and minister of the interior before being named as prime minister in 1974 . He held the role for two years before personal and professional differences with then-President Valery Giscard d'Estaing prompted him to resign . After leaving office he formed a new political party , Rally for the Republic  RPR  . A year later , in 1977 , he was elected mayor of Paris -- it is from his time in this position that the embezzlement charges he was found guilty of on Thursday stem . He campaigned for the presidency in 1981 , but he and Giscard d'Estaing split the conservative vote , and the Socialist Party 's Francois Mitterrand won the election instead . Chirac was appointed prime minister for a second time in 1986 as part of a power-sharing agreement with Mitterrand , after a coalition of center-right parties won a slim majority in the National Assembly . After a second unsuccessful presidential run in 1988 , he finally won the race for France 's top job in 1995 , beating Socialist Party candidate Lionel Jospin . In the run-up to France joining the euro , Chirac backed a series of unpopular austerity measures , which prompted strikes , and led to his conservative coalition losing its parliamentary majority in 1997 , forcing him into "  cohabitation " with Jospin , who became his PM . In 2002 , he was elected for a second term with a landslide win over far-right politician Jean Marie Le Pen , after socialist candidate Jospin 's shock defeat in the first round of voting . Weeks later , Chirac survived an assassination attempt when a neo-Nazi gunman fired a rifle at his open-top car during the annual Bastille Day parade . The French leader was a vocal opponent of U.S.-led plans to intervene in Iraq , threatening to veto any U.N. Security Council resolution authorizing an invasion of the country ; when the coalition went ahead with military action in the absence of a resolution , he condemned the action as "  illegitimate and illegal . " His opposition to the war made him -- and his nation -- the target of criticism and even ridicule in the U.S. , with French products and companies boycotted , and French fries replaced by "  Freedom fries . " While his stance on Iraq proved popular with some , both at home and abroad , other factors were hitting his approval ratings . In 2004 his former PM Alain Juppe was convicted of misappropriating public funds . Chirac , too , was accused of involvement in corruption , but he was immune from prosecution for the term of his presidency . The following year , riots broke out in the suburbs of Paris and other cities , prompted by anger at discrimination and high youth unemployment . In 2007 , two years after suffering a mild stroke , he announced his retirement from politics ; his longtime rival , Nicolas Sarkozy won the presidential race later that year . Chirac is married , with two daughters and a foster daughter . He is reported to be suffering from a "  severe " and "  irreversible " neurological problem , which prevented him from appearing at his trial .	Former French president Jacques Chirac convicted on corruption charges Chirac served as mayor of Paris , prime minister and president over the course of four decades High profile opponent of "  illegitimate and illegal " U.S.-led war in Iraq Career politician retired in 2007 , two years after suffering minor stroke
CNN  -- Violence swept across Syria on Friday , with at least 43 people reported killed in another bloody day of confrontation between government forces and demonstrators calling for political change . Reliable numbers were difficult to come by . CNN bases its figures on reports from witnesses . Amnesty International , citing local human rights activists , reported that at least 75 people were killed in Friday 's protests . The Syrian government does not permit CNN to report from inside the country . The killings occurred in several flashpoint regions as thousands of Syrian protesters defiantly marched after Muslims ' weekly prayers in a display of mass discontent toward the government . Violence ripped through the Damascus suburbs of Douma , Moademy , and Zamalka , and other cities -- Homs , Harasta , and Izraa . The state-run news agency reported demonstrations and clashes , citing injuries but no deaths . Human rights groups and witnesses told a different story . "  Today , they have killed so many people . There are so many people injured and people have been kidnapped , " Wissam Tarif , a human rights activist , told CNN . "  They are acting as an armed gang , not as security forces . " The violence prompted international condemnation , with British Foreign Secretary William Hague calling the killings "  unacceptable , " and calling on Syrian security forces "  to exercise restraint instead of repression , and on the Syrian authorities to respect the Syrian people 's right to peaceful protest . " Before Friday 's marches , Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch said the death toll had exceeded 200 since the demonstrations began in mid-March . Human rights groups had been urging the government to refrain from cracking down on peaceful turnouts during the Facebook-inspired outpouring dubbed "  Great Friday . " A witness in Douma said eight people died and approximately 25 were wounded when security forces fired on several thousand protesters . Riot police and secret police comprised the security forces and a sniper on a hospital roof was seen taking shots at people . Pellets and lethal rounds were used , the witness said , as people chanted for the downfall of the regime . A doctor in the Damascus suburb of Moadamy said six people were killed and dozens wounded when security forces fired in an "  indiscriminate and disproportionate manner " on thousands of demonstrators . The doctor , a pediatrician , said it was difficult taking the wounded to the hospital . Syrian security forces had set up checkpoints across the area and were preventing anyone from entering or leaving the suburb . Five people were killed in the Damascus suburb of Zamalka , a witness said . An opposition leader in Homs said 12 people died and dozens were wounded when security forces fired on demonstrators . Protesters raced from the main streets for cover in smaller streets and alleys where they waited for the situation to calm . A witness said one of the dead was a 41-year-old demonstrator who was shot in the neck . Tarif said security forces fired on demonstrators from the southern city of Izraa who were trying to join protesters in nearby Daraa , killing nine and wounding others . Two people in Izraa reported seeing an assault on demonstrators and many casualties . An activist in Harasta in the south said 2,000 to 3,000 people met with a fierce crackdown by security forces , and heavy gunfire could be heard over the phone as the witness spoke . Three people have been killed and nine wounded , the source said . In protest , demonstrators burned down a police station . In Daraa , where the protests got their start last month , people shouted "  dignity and freedom ! " Activist Razan Zaitouneh in Damascus said security forces in the suburb of Sit Zainab fired on demonstrators who were tearing down a statue of Hafez al-Assad , the president 's late father and the former ruler of Syria . She said three people were wounded when security forces opened fire in Hasaka in the northeast . Witnesses reported demonstrations in the capital , Damascus , where people chanted slogans and tear gas was fired amid a moderate security presence . Amateur video obtained by CNN purportedly shows demonstrations in Homs , Damascus , Banias , Kiswah , and Qamlishi . CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of the material . The Syrian Arab News Agency said a "  limited number of demonstrators " came out on Friday in the Damascus area , Hama , Deir Ezzour , Hasaka , Daraa , and Banias . It said security forces settled "  scuffles that erupted between demonstrators and citizens " in Hama , Harasta , al-Hajar al-Aswad , and Hasaka . Demonstrations have been a daily occurrence across Syria for weeks and huge rallies have been common in the authoritarian state after Friday prayers across the predominantly Muslim nation . As people gathered to express their grievances toward the government , they 've frequently been greeted with force from police . Friday 's turnouts came a day after President Bashar al-Assad lifted the country 's 48-year-old state of emergency and abolished the state security court , both of which were key demands of the demonstrators . The emergency law permitted the government to make preventive arrests and override constitutional and penal code statutes . The security court was a special body that prosecuted people regarded as challenging the government . Al-Assad 's decrees on Thursday included recognizing and regulating the right to peaceful protest . They also extended the period that security forces can hold suspects in certain crimes . But Human Rights Watch says the decrees do n't "  address the extensive immunity that Syrian law provides to members of its security services . " It urged al-Assad to undertake more change , such as releasing political prisoners and those arrested for participating in peaceful protests , order probes in security force violations , ensure detainees gain "  prompt access to a lawyer , " and amend repressive provisions of the penal code . It said the government , which is controlled by the Baath Party , should "  enact a political parties ' law in compliance with international human rights norms . " Such a law would allow the establishment of independent political parties . Hague urged the government to address the citizenry 's "  legitimate demands . " "  Political reforms should be brought forward and implemented without delay , " he said . "  The Emergency Law should be lifted in practice , not just in word . " Tarif also said that "  lifting the emergency law is a big joke while the security forces have impunity . "  This is going to become worse . Remember , tomorrow are the funerals , " he said . U.S. President Barack Obama issued a statement in which he condemned "  in the strongest possible terms " the use of force by the Syrian government against demonstrators . "  This outrageous use of violence to quell protests must come to an end now , " he said . "  The Syrian people have called for the freedoms that all individuals around the world should enjoy : freedom of expression , association , peaceful assembly , and the ability to freely choose their leaders . President Assad and the Syrian authorities have repeatedly rejected their calls and chosen the path of repression . " He accused Assad of "  blaming outsiders while seeking Iranian assistance in repressing Syria 's citizens through the same brutal tactics that have been used by his Iranian allies . " Obama added , "  The United States will continue to stand up for democracy and the universal rights that all human beings deserve , in Syria and around the world . " In separate statements , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the spokesman for France 's Ministry of European and Foreign Affairs condemned the violence . CNN 's Joe Sterling , Arwa Damon , Nada Husseini and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report	NEW : U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon joins chorus of international condemnation "  This is going to become worse , " a human rights official predicts "  Great Friday " deaths reported in Homs , Izraa , Harasta and Damascus suburbs Human rights groups have urged Syria not to use violence to suppress protests
CNN  -- The United Kingdom said Saturday it plans to send a warship to the Persian Gulf , a move that follows Western criticism of Iranian threats to close the Strait of Hormuz . The UK Ministry of Defense described the deployment of the HMS Daring as "  long-planned " and "  entirely routine . " The destroyer will replace a frigate stationed in the area , it said . Still , in the past two weeks both U.S. and British defense officials have denounced any move by Iran to close the strait , the only outlet from the Persian Gulf and a key trade route for oil . Iran threatened in late December to block the strait if sanctions were imposed on its oil exports . France , Britain , and Germany have all proposed such sanctions to punish Iran for lack of cooperation on its nuclear program . The strait is a critical shipping lane , through which 17 million barrels of oil passed per day in 2011 , according to the U.S. Energy Information Agency . Analysis : Saber-rattling in Strait of Hormuz Rear Adm. Ali Fadavi , of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , said last month the world could not last 24 hours without Persian Gulf oil , and that Iran is capable of closing the strait . "  Today , out of the 1,300 billion barrels of oil in the world , 800 billion barrels are in the Persian Gulf , " Fadavi told Iran 's Press TV . The U.S. Navy said the threat to block the strait is unacceptable , as the flow of goods and services is vital not only to the region but to the world . "  Anyone who threatens to disrupt freedom of navigation in an international strait is clearly outside the community of nations ; any disruption will not be tolerated , " Cmdr. Amy Derrick Frost , spokeswoman for the U.S. 5th Fleet based in Bahrain , said at the time . Earlier this week , Britain 's secretary of state for defense , Philip Hammond , warned that any Iranian attempt to close the strait would be illegal and unsuccessful . "  Disruption to the flow of oil through Straits of Hormuz would threaten regional and global economic growth , " Hammond said in a speech in Washington on Thursday . State media said Friday that Iran plans to conduct military drills in the strait in February under the name "  The Great Prophet . " An IRGC commander told Press TV the drills would be different from previous ones , though just how was n't clear . Iran launched a 10-day drill in the strait in late December . Physically closing the strait would require means that likely are not available to Iran , said Professor Jean-Paul Rodrigue of Hofstra University . "  At best , Iran can posture and potentially disrupt traffic for a short duration , " said Rodrigue , who specializes in global trade and maritime transportation issues . Frost said Navy "  maintains a robust presence in the region to deter or counter destabilizing activities , " and works to allow commercial shipping to operate freely .	NEW : The UK plans to send a warship to the Persian Gulf Iran says it will hold military drills next month Iran launched a 10-day drill in the strait in late December Iran threatens to block the strait if sanctions are imposed on its oil export
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A car bomb exploded in a busy market in eastern Afghanistan Tuesday , killing more than 40 people , officials said , in what is said to be the single worst attack in the country this year . Afghan Deputy Interior Minister Mohammad Ayoub Salang said 42 people were killed and more than 30 others were wounded in the attack in the Urgon district of Paktika province . The United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan had different figures , stating that at least 43 civilians , including eight children , were killed , and 67 were wounded . The car was driven by a suicide bomber who detonated explosives after police ordered him to stop his car , said Nissar Ahmad Abdulrahimzai , deputy police chief of Paktika province . Abdulrahimzai said he feared the death toll would rise and there is at least one government official reporting more deaths . The United Nations , which calls the assault a suicide attack , says it 's the single deadliest strike this year in the country . "  Today 's appalling attack during Ramadan -- an occasion that should observed in a spirit of peace and compassion -- should be condemned in the strongest possible terms and the perpetrators must be held accountable , " UNAMA head Jan Kubis said . The Taliban denied involvement . Another attack in Kabul Meanwhile , in the capital , Kabul , the Taliban claimed responsibility for an attack early Tuesday on a vehicle used by presidential palace employees . Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said in a statement to media that three people were killed and six others injured in the explosion . Hashmatullah Stanekzai , a spokesman for the Kabul police chief , earlier told CNN that at least two people were killed and five injured . He said all the victims were working in the presidential palace media department . Security remains a major concern in Afghanistan , from which the United States is due to withdraw most of its troops by year 's end . The latest violence comes amid disputes over the country 's recent presidential election . During a visit to Kabul on Saturday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry announced that an audit of votes would be carried out to decide the outcome of the election . Both candidates , Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani , have alleged large-scale vote fraud and manipulation during the runoff last month .	NEW : More than 40 killed in Paktika market attack NEW : The U.N. says it 's the single worst attack this year in Afghanistan The device was detonated by a suicide bomber , a police official says Afghanistan continues to face major security challenges
Boston  CNN  She knew something awful had happened . It was smoky and all she could hear were muffled screams . Her foot was turned sideways and her legs would n't work right . And her good friend , Krystle Campbell , was just lying there on the ground . Karen Rand -- she 's Karen McWatters now -- dragged herself across the pavement . She wanted to get closer to Krystle so they could talk and take comfort from each other in the midst of so much chaos . "  I got close to her , " she recalled . "  For some reason , I got close to her head and we put our faces together . " Krystle said that her legs hurt . They were the last words she 'd speak . The two women held hands until Krystle 's went limp . McWatters was the fifth witness of the first day of the terror trial of accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who is accused of detonating pressure cooker bombs with his brother to punish the United States for policies they believe inflict suffering on Muslims . Three people were killed in the blasts : Campbell , a 29-year-old manager for a restaurant chain ; Martin Richard , an 8-year-old boy ; and Lingzi Lu , a 23-year-old grad student . More than 250 others were injured . And the first day of the trial -- after opening statements -- revolved around a number of survivors of the attack , who recounted in detail the chaos of that day . Prosecutors called them to the stand to paint a picture of the havoc and pain the bombings inflicted . Tsarnaev 's attorneys chose not to cross-examine any of the survivors . McWatters fought her emotions as she looked at a photograph that showed her and her friend of eight years lying amid a heap of dazed and broken people . Their two faces , side by side , stand out among the jumble of limbs . Krystle 's mouth is open , but she is very pale . "  I was really scared , " McWatters testified , "  and I remember screaming for someone to help us . Everybody was screaming , everybody was screaming for help . It seemed like a long time before help got to us , but it probably was n't . " By the time first responders reached Krystle , it was too late . "  They were doing CPR on Krystle and I started to think she did n't make it , " McWatters said . She grabbed her friend 's cell phone and tucked it in her pocket . By the time she arrived at the hospital , shock had set in . She was confused . For a while , that phone led hospital staffers to believe she was Krystle Campbell . When Krystle 's parents rushed to her bedside and saw she was n't their daughter , they were heartbroken , McWatters said . Krystle 's boyfriend recognized her and called her parents . Two days later , doctors told her they were taking her leg . Her body was broken , and it hurt like crazy , she said . But not as much as losing her friend . Campbell 's death was the first to be described in detail at Tsarnaev 's trial . But descriptions of the other two deaths at the marathon and the death of a police officer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology will come soon . There were runners conquering a 26.2-mile feat nearby , but Noah 's attention was elsewhere , playing with rocks and pretending to be a scientist . The 5-year-old thought it was a very cool idea to handle the rocks , his mother , Rebekah Gregory , told jurors . Gregory recalled that she thought it lucky that Noah was happy playing scientist . The next thing she remembers is being hoisted and thrown back . Other witnesses used similar phrases : Blown through the air , deafening explosion , cries for help . Shane O'Hara , the manager at Marathon Sports , a running store near where the bombs went off , said it sounded like a loud cannon , followed by an instant cloud of smoke that covered the windows . O'Hara recalled stepping outside to the smell of gunpowder and burning hair . The decisions about whom to aid first -- those among the injured needing help before others -- still haunts him , he said . There were cries , sirens and screams , he said in answer to prosecutors ' questions . He sniffled as a photo of the blown-out storefront was shown in the courtroom . He told the jury the plea he heard : "  Stay with me , stay with me . " Outside , Gregory tried to sit up , but could not rise much . "  My first instinct as a mother was where in the world was my baby , where was my son , " Gregory said . She could n't see her legs , but she saw her bones lying next to her on the sidewalk , she testified . "  At that point I thought that was the day I would die , " she said . Gregory lifted her arms and her bones were sticking out of her flesh . Somehow , over the cacophony , she heard Noah calling for her . She was n't imagining it . Colton Kilgore , who was also part of Gregory 's group and another of Wednesday 's witnesses , remembered the terrified boy looking for his mother . Boston Marathon bombing timeline The day 's testimony was dramatic and emotional , most likely as the prosecutors wanted it . Anyone who follows the news has seen footage of the bombings and read accounts of what happened . The power of the survivors ' testimonies in the courtroom was in the details that made what some would call an unimaginable crime into something very real . They shared small memories , like what people said in the immediate aftermath of the attack . Gregory told the jury about how she knew Noah was being cared for . Then she focused on the tourniquet that was being twisted on her leg by aid-givers . "  We have an amputee , " she saw one of them mouth . What they told her aloud was something along the lines of "  This is really , really bad , but we will help you . " Another survivor , Sydney Corcoran , testified that after the blasts -- which left her ears ringing "  just like leaving a concert " -- she was hurt but did n't know that she was severely injured . She limped to a railing , grabbed it , and passed out , she said . Eyes open again shortly afterward , she found herself on her back , with a group of men applying pressure on her thigh , trying to figure out where she was bleeding . "  I remember a man putting his forehead to my head and telling me I 'd be all right , " she said . Corcoran was a senior in high school . After the one man told her she would be OK , another said he could see her eyes going white . "  I could feel my body going tingly and I was getting increasingly cold . I knew I was dying , " she testified . In court , she was asked if she knew why she was feeling cold . "  I was dying . The blood was leaving my body . I was bleeding out , " she answered . It felt like she was sliding into sleep . Almost peaceful , Corcoran said . Like she was going to go to sleep and fade away . Doctors saved the teen , but her life was not spared the pain of the attack . Corcoran awoke in a hospital and saw her father , she testified . Because she was intubated , she motioned for a pen and a paper and wrote a question for her father . Was her mother alive ? "  Once he looked at what I 'd written he started to cry , " Corcoran told jurors . The father responded : "  She 's OK , but her legs are gone . " CNN 's Ann O'Neill reported from Boston . CNN 's Mariano Castillo reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Sonia Moghe contributed to this report .	"  I remember screaming for someone to help us , " one survivor recalls The first day of the Boston Marathon bombings trial focuses on the survivors Several survivors testify about the sights , smells and pain of that day
CNN  -- Think 1960s America and images of hippies , Vietnam protests , the civil rights movement , sexual revolution and drug experimentation will mostly likely spring to mind . "  The Times They Are A-Changin , " Bob Dylan famously sung as counterculture ideas gripped the west 's imagination -- much to the horror of the establishment . Sport was no different , with one of the decade 's most iconic images that of U.S. sprinters Tommie Smith and John Carlos making their gloved Black Power salutes at the 1968 Mexico Olympics , catapulting the issue of American segregation to a worldwide audience . It was no easy ride for U.S. female sporting pioneers in the 1960s either . Jockey Diane Crump faced such vitriol at her first race that the 18-year-old required a full police escort . The first professional female jockey in the U.S. still remembers the mayhem that surrounded her as she took to the Hialeah Park Race Track in Florida in 1969 . The petite teenager with curly brown locks was forced to fight her way through the flashing cameras and jeering crowd to a small office -- the only available space for a female to change . "  The crowd was just swarming all over me . They were crazy , up in arms , " Crump told CNN . "  The hecklers were yelling : ` Go back to the kitchen and cook dinner . ' That was the mentality at the time . "  They thought I was going to be the downfall of the whole sport , which is such a medieval thought . I was like : ` Come on people , this is the 1960s ! ' " Today there are several dozen female jockeys racing professionally in North America , compared with the hundreds of male jockeys who still dominate the sport . Women are making progress -- albeit it slowly -- with Chantal Sutherland becoming the first female jockey to compete in the world 's richest horse race , the $ 10million Dubai World Cup , earlier this year . Speaking from her home in Linden , Virginia , feisty 63-year-old Crump explained half the battle , as she fought to ride professionally , was simply getting male jockeys to compete against her . In 1968 two female riders had been forced to drop out of their races after the male jockeys boycotted the race , even going to the extent of throwing stones at the women 's changing room trailers . "  People were saying we were n't strong enough or smart enough to ride in a pari-mutuel  professional gambling  race , " Crump said . "  They thought it would be dangerous for other people to ride against us because we would n't know what to do under pressure . " It was only when officials threatened to fine or suspend refusenik male jockeys that Diane finally got her chance to compete . The smiley teen dressed in pink silks happily proved the naysayers wrong , riding horse Bridle n Bit to a respectable ninth place in a 12-strong field . "  When I finally got on the horse it was perfect because everyone just cares about the race , " Crump said . "  Everyone cheered me when I came back . Sure , I had a handful of hecklers , but for the most part I never encountered too much trouble from the crowd after that . " As Crump explains , women simply were n't a part of the horse racing world in the 1960s . "  A woman 's place was in the kitchen or caring for the children , " she said . "  The women 's rights movement was happening , but to be honest all I cared about was horses . I just wanted to ride . I marched to the beat of my own drum . "  Yes , I 'm a feminist . But I 've always seen myself as more of an equal rights activist . " Just two weeks after her debut , Crump returned to the track to win her first professional race . In a career spanning three decades , she rode 300 winners , and became the first woman to compete in the prestigious Kentucky Derby in 1970 -- a race that only six women have taken part in since it was first run in 1875 . Crump , who grew up in Oldsmare , Florida , says no one in her family "  had ever even heard of a horse , " let alone the Kentucky Derby , until she began riding at a nearby ranch as a 13-year-old . But even younger brother Bert , who was serving in Vietnam at the time , was glued to his radio for that historic Kentucky Derby race . Bunkered down in his barracks with around 100 other soldiers , Bert cheered on as his sister rode horse Fathom in one of the country 's most famous Derbys , finishing 15th in a field of 17 . Now a grandmother-of-two , Crump still receives hundreds of letters from children every year asking her how it felt to make history that day . "  It was great for me as a rider , as a female and as a person , " Crump said . "  For someone to think I was capable of riding in the Kentucky Derby was a huge step forward . " Crump 's racing career took her to competitions across the world , with her popularity skyrocketing -- in of all places -- in Puerto Rico . She recalls a race in the early 1970s which saw her and a Puerto Rican jockey whipping each other in a fierce battle on the field . While leading the pack , Crump realized the jockey just behind was holding on to her saddle , giving his horse a free ride . In the days before CCTV cameras , Crump did what any jockey would do and get away with -- she got out her stick and whacked him . The pair spent the remainder of the race hitting each other until finally he pulled away in the last leg and won . "  When he came off the track , the women in the crowd blasted him with tomatoes , eggs , anything they could find , " Crump said . "  They were booing their own country 's jockey , threatening bodily harm to him after the race , while I was greeted by cheering , enthusiastic women . " After marrying and the birth of her two daughters , Crump juggled her racing career and family life until a horrific accident in 1992 left her virtually bed-bound for months . "  The horse I was riding fell backwards and I broke my leg in six or seven places . The doctors said I would never ride again , " Crump said . "  But despite the fact I looked like some sort of bionic woman with braces on my legs , I eventually started training again . " She finally retired in 1999 , setting up her own equine sales business . Crump remains pragmatic about her contribution to the industry -- arguing that while things are still not quite equal for female jockeys , they have come a long way since 1969 . "  When I was 16 and first got my exercise rider 's license there was not one other female stable hand . But by the 1990s around half were women , " Crump said . "  Somebody had to open the door . It was n't all down to me but I think I was a big part of that . " She added : "  The mentality in the 1960s was that women were n't smart or strong enough to be jockeys . But I proved that a woman could do the job . "  I like to think I was a little footprint on the path to equality . "	1960s America was a time of shaking up the establishment -- and sport was no exception Diane Crump caused controversy as the first professional female jockey Needed a police escort onto Hilaleah Park Race Track amid swarming hecklers Became first female rider at Kentucky Derby in a career spanning three decades
CNN  -- Usain Bolt carved his name in the Olympic record books Thursday by claiming gold in the 200 meters in London as he led a Jamaican sweep of the medal positions . The 25-year-old Bolt became the first man in Games history to defend both the 100 and 200 meters titles , which he had won in such convincing style at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing . His teammate and training partner Yohan Blake chased him all the way up the finishing straight to take the silver medal . Warren Weir completed a one-two-three for Jamaica in a personal best time of 19.84 seconds . Bolt was outside his own world record with a winning time of 19.32 seconds , while Blake clocked 19.44 seconds . Wallace Spearmon was fourth for the United States . Photos : Striking the Bolt pose The 25-year-old Bolt won the 100m final Sunday in 9.63 seconds , again relegating Blake to second place . "  It 's the one I wanted I 'm very proud of myself , " Bolt told BBC Sport . "  I did n't get a world record -- I really wanted to do it in the 200m -- but I 'm happy . " Blake added : "  Usain Bolt has been motivating me all season . Everything has been going good so far . " The pair , who are both coached by Glen Mills , will form a formidable half of Jamaica 's 4x100 meters relay squad as they look to defend their Beijing title . Victory in the relay would give Bolt his sixth Olympic gold medal . An epic night was kick started by a sensational victory in the men 's 800m for David Rudisha of Kenya . Rudisha ran one minute 40.91 seconds to break his own world record , the first in the track and field events at the Games . The 23-year-old led from start to finish and was never seriously challenged , despite a superb run by 18-year-old silver medalist Nijel Amos of Botswana . Can ` power posing ' like Bolt make you a winner ? Amos clocked one minute 41.73 seconds , matching the former world record time set by London Games chief Sebastian Coe back in 1981 , which stood for 16 years . Another teenager , 17-year-old Timothy Kitum of Kenya , took the bronze in one minute 42.53 seconds . Rudisha , who was inspired by Coe 's exploits , had promised him something special and did not disappoint . "  I was well prepared and had no doubt about winning , " he told BBC Sport . "  I was waiting for perfect conditions to break the record and decided to go for it , " he added . The qualifiers for the final of the women 's 800 meters were led by gender row athlete Caster Semenya of South Africa . Semenya showed the form that took her to the world championship in 2009 in Berlin , easing up to win in one minute 57.67 seconds . American Christian Taylor won the men 's triple jump with a 17.81 meters effort to add to his world title from Daegu last year . The artist who turned Usain Bolt from track legend to street hero U.S. teammate Will Claye finished in the silver medal position with Italy 's Fabrizio Donato taking bronze . There was further gold medal success for the United States in the decathlon as world record holder Ashton Eaton won with 8,869 points . He ended 198 points clear of teammate and two-time world champion Trey Hardee with Cuba 's Leonel Suarez taking the bronze . Eaton broke the world mark with 9039 points at the U.S. trials in June where 2008 Olympic champion Bryan Clay failed to make the team after falling in the 110 meters hurdles . The final gold medal of a remarkable evening went to Barbora Spotakova of the Czech Republic , who successfully defended her javelin title with a throw of 69.55 meters . The 31-year-old dominated the competition and four of her efforts would have been good enough for victory . Germany 's Christina Obergfoll and Linda Stahl won the silver and bronze . Bolt : ' I can break the record '	Usain Bolt wins men 's 200m gold to complete historic sprint double David Rudisha of Kenya breaks his own world record in the men 's 800m Rudisha takes gold in one minute 40.91 seconds Caster Semenya qualifies fastest for women 's 800m final
CNN  -- Foxconn , the high-profile electronics company that builds Apple 's iPhone and other products in China , is back in the headlines after workers rioted at its Taiyaun factory . Foxconn has attracted attention in the past for poor working conditions and a series of employee suicides . Fang Zhongyang , one of the factory workers , told Bloomberg Businessweek that "  The guards here use gangster style to manage . We are not against following rules , but you have to tell us why . They wo n't explain things , and we feel like we can not communicate with them . " On Friday , a labor rights group reported that Foxconn workers had gone on strike over production demands for the iPhone 5 ; the company denied there was a strike . Although employees at Apple and Foxconn are treated very differently , the two companies are known for keeping their workers and others in the dark . Yet both are enormously successful , causing many people to question whether the popular management advice in favor of "  openness " actually makes business sense . I was reminded of this when speaking at this year 's TED Global conference . The conference 's theme was radical openness , an idea I helped develop a number of years ago in a book I co-authored entitled "  The Naked Corporation . " My talk argued that openness has several meanings , and for each there is a corresponding principle . One meaning of openness refers to transparency , with a company making available pertinent information to stakeholders such as customers , employees , business partners and shareholders . I believe companies can often benefit from being more transparent with these groups . TED.com : The self-organizing computer course Another meaning of openness applies to the sharing of intellectual assets . I believe a company can benefit by sharing some of its intellectual property given the right conditions . In the subsequent discussion on TED.com , some challenged my thesis by citing Apple . How could I explain the company 's success , since it is known for the shroud of secrecy within which it operates ? But when you look closely at Apple , a different picture emerges . Apple has become more open in a number of areas , and the pressures of the market forces I describe are forcing it to open up even further . Transparency To begin , Apple is more transparent than one might think . Like all companies it has four major stakeholders : customers , employees , business partners and shareholders . Apple is obviously super-secretive with its customers about product announcements . And at the moment it can get away with this behavior because it so powerful in the niche markets in which it operates , and it has a small array of products . But as it tries to expand its share of the corporate market , business customers will demand to be well briefed regarding Apple 's intentions and its product road maps . RIM is a good example of this . The struggling company is forced to share details about its upcoming Blackberry 10 platform . It hopes to release the product early next year , and it is trying feverishly to pump up the buzz around the software to encourage its customers to stay loyal and developers to make apps . And as Apple continues to lag well behind Android in market share , eventually it will be forced to be more open with consumers , as well . TED.com : The currency of the new economy is trust Apple 's customers are n't alone in being kept in the dark ; the company treats its employees the same way . The vast majority of them have few details about what is in the company 's product pipeline . But such opacity does not derive from some inherent benefits of closed work systems . Rather it is purely in aid of ensuring secrecy of its product strategy with customers . Apple does n't want its workers leaking information to the media or blogosphere . But increasingly Apple pays a price for this employee secrecy . It does n't get the serendipitous collaboration across company silos that many other businesses enjoy . That among other things could have prevented the premature release of defective mapping software on the iPhone 5 . Think of Google and how its workers are encouraged to dream up new products . In terms of its supply chain , Apple itself has huge transparency and visibility . It can see down through Foxconn all the way to suppliers two levels below . True , this visibility had not extended to the rest of the world , but in this age of transparency Apple can no longer keep its supply chain practices secret . As a result , everyone knows about Foxconn 's labor relations and how its factories are run under tight security and employees are treated and compensated poorly . This is an enormous problem for Apple , not just for its reputation , but also the disruptions such working conditions can cause in the supply chain . So as Apple becomes naked it is being forced to get buff -- to clean up its supply chain practices . In March , a report on working conditions at Foxconn by auditors from the Fair Labor Association , a watchdog group hired by Apple , found serious violations of worker rights and salaries too low to cover living expenses . Foxconn promised to improve conditions , and Apple said "  We think empowering workers and helping them understand their rights is essential . " As for transparency with its shareholders , Apple is actually very open -- respected as being one of the best companies on the planet for providing shareholders with pertinent information . The only area in which it had been faulted is whether it had been sufficiently candid about Steve Job 's declining health . Sharing Paradoxically Apple 's success is largely due to another kind of openness . The iPhone or iPad are nice pieces of hardware , but that 's not what created their market success . But by opening up what are called "  application programming interfaces " Apple has enabled its customers and the world of software developers to build apps on its platform . In this sense Apple 's corporate borders are quite open and porous . It is a design and marketing company at the heart of an enormous business web of suppliers and software developers -- based on openness . TED.com : The future of business is "  the mesh " To be sure , Apple is obsessed with guarding its intellectual property and has sought refuge in outmoded intellectual property laws and in courts that today stifle innovation in our economy . But increasingly this comes at a cost , too . Android , the open-source software platform developed by Google , quickly became the dominant operating system in the mobile marketplace . Open-source software stimulates creativity and attracts attention , and over time openness tends to win out in the market . Google was smart to release the Android software 's inner workings so that manufacturers could tweak the operating system to their specific devices . Other companies have made equally smart moves . IBM gave away $ 400 million worth of software to the open-source Linux movement and in exchange received billions of dollars in savings and new business . Apple also has failed miserably in terms of sharing within society and the global community . It is sitting on $ 100 billion in cash but during the Jobs era made little effort to be a good corporate citizen and reach out to the larger community . It has long provided lower-cost computers to schools and universities , but purely as a marketing strategy , and otherwise has done little to help America 's education system . It has been a philanthropic miser and has declined to take part in important social partnerships . TED.com : The new open-source economics With Tim Cook now having been CEO for a year , Apple seems to be increasingly aware that in the long term , business can not succeed in a world that 's failing . It has started to make more donations and is joining social causes , which will prove popular with its customers , especially with young people who increasingly want to do business with companies that behave well . In fact , Apple should consider taking a large portion of its $ 100 billion and applying it to transforming some important institutions like education . Such a bold move would benefit everyone , including shareholders , and Apple could be positioned to dominate some important emerging markets . Apple became the world 's most valuable company for a number of complex reasons , including the design genius of its brilliant founder . But when you look under the surface , it is more open than you might think , and there is no real evidence that its secrecy has helped it succeed . And increasingly as it comes under more intense competitive pressures , Apple will need to become an even more open company . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Don Tapscott .	Don Tapscott : Apple seems like an exception to idea that openness helps companies He says Apple is more open than many people realize , and it is becoming more transparent Apple guards its software but has opened interface to app developers Tapscott : Apple has to open further as it expands offerings to business customers
CNN  -- A suicide bomber has attacked and killed Bilal Shaikh , the security chief of Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari , Police Superintendent Raja Umer Khitab said . The attack happened as Shaikh 's car pulled up to buy fruit from a roadside stall in Karachi , Khitab said . Khitab told CNN that his early assessment is that the bomber was on foot and approached the passenger window where Shaikh was sitting and set off the bomb . Shaikh 's vehicle was bullet proof , so Khitab believes the shock wave of the blast killed the security chief . The attacker also killed Shaikh 's driver and a fruit stall vendor who was on the side of the road . Video showed wreckage of a white SUV . Shaikh traveled with two police vehicles , one in front and one behind , Khitab said , and at least 7 police officers have also been injured in the bombing . "  It 's not known if Mr. Shaikh had received any threats , but he was definitely the target of this attack , " Khitab told CNN . The port city of Karachi is Pakistan 's largest . CNN 's Saima Mohsin in Islamabad contributed to this report .	Suicide bomber kills Pakistan president 's security chief Police : Bomber approached security chief 's car on foot and set off bomb Driver and fruit stall vendor died in the blast , police superintendent said
CNN  -- Championship leader Sebastian Vettel claimed pole position for Sunday 's Hungarian Grand Prix as he edged out McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton in final qualifying at the Hungaroring . Vettel , only fourth behind Hamilton in last weekend 's German Grand Prix , re-asserted his season-long dominance with a time of one minute 19.815 seconds in his Red Bull in the last few moments of the session . Hamilton 's McLaren teammate and 2009 world champion Jenson Button was third fastest and will occupy the second row with Felipe Massa of Ferrari . Massa , who suffered a near fatal crash in Hungary two years ago , outqualified his teammate and two-time world champion Fernando Alonso , who was fifth fastest . Mark Webber in the second Red Bull will join Alonso on the third row . Germans Nico Rosberg of Mercedes , Force India driver Adrian Sutil and Michael Schumacher in the second Mercedes were next best . Sauber 's young Mexican star Sergio Perez completed the top ten . But this was all about defending champion Vettel , who was claiming the 23rd pole of his short but glittering F1 career and his eighth in 11 starts . By his standards below-par performances at the British Grand Prix won by Alonso and at the Nurburgring last week , had left some question marks hanging over him , but he answered in fine style . "  We changed a lot on the car overnight . The boys were working pretty hard and the boys did n't get much sleep but a result like this today is the best way to say thanks , " he told the post-race press conference . "  I have the confidence back and I am feeling comfortable in the car . I am looking forward to tomorrow . " With overtaking at a premium at the circuit in Budapest , Vettel will be favorite to extend his 77-point championship lead over Webber , with Hamilton five further points adrift .	Sebastian Vettel takes pole for Hungarian Grand Prix in Budapest Vettel edges out Lewis Hamilton  McLaren  in final qualifying Hamilton 's McLaren teamate Jenson Button third fastest Red Bull 's Vettel has been on pole for eight of 11 starts this season
CNN  During the three years that I was serving as a member of Tunisia 's Constituent Assembly , I would frequently walk to work through the gate of the Bardo Museum so I could get a glimpse of the mosaics , and perhaps enjoy the adjoining herb garden . The museum , in downtown Tunis , serves not only as a physical reminder of Tunisia 's Roman , Jewish , Christian and Islamic heritage , but is also connected to the Tunisian parliament . I used to love these peaceful moments on the way to work . Sadly , they will likely never feel quite the same again . On Wednesday , that kind of mood was shattered as the museum came under siege . More than two dozen people were killed as gunmen armed with Kalashnikovs opened fire , sending men , women and children scrambling through the Lion Gate to escape . The members of parliament who were evacuated were , ironically , discussing an anti-terror bill in a committee . Two of the attackers -- who were killed during the assault -- have been identified , and the security minister on Friday indicated the pair had been activated from a sleeper cell , although at the time of writing authorities had yet to announce a link to a specific jihadist group . However , the attack followed the release of videos purportedly from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria threatening Tunisia . Meanwhile , individuals associated with the banned Tunisian organization Ansar Al-Sharia declared allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . All this has left some wondering if the museum attack marks a shift in strategy for ISIS . Have Salafist terrorists moved beyond their usual guerrilla-style operations to suicidal attacks outside Iraq and Syria ? If they have , then our political leaders -- who have already been vocal about their commitment to combating terrorism , and have been collaborating with Turkey to prevent Tunisians entering Syria -- will need to redouble their efforts . The threat posed by terrorism to Tunisian citizens and our guests ca n't be downplayed , much less ignored . However , the reality is that a comprehensive strategy is still wanting , a point made in a recent report published by the Tunisian Institute for Strategic Studies , Tunisia 's foremost think tank on political , economic and environmental matters . Indeed , the institute , which has tracked the upsurge in Salafi jihadi recruitment in Tunisia based on fieldwork and interviews with Tunisian jihadists , has documented how the phenomenon has largely unfolded outside the media 's view . So , how should we respond ? Some MPs have demanded the immediate passage of a new anti-terror law , and have been dismissive of the need to focus on human rights at a time of crisis . However , Wednesday 's attack does n't change the fact that we already have an anti-terror law that applies ; simply passing a new version of a law will not stop a repeat . Instead , Tunisians should build on the stable institutions we have in place to implement some of the key ideas contained in the institute 's report . For example , rather than rely exclusively on the Tunisian security apparatus for short-term gain , we need to better engage the Tunisian public in our common struggle against Salafi terrorists . Part of this means beating the terrorists at the recruitment game . Tunisians yearn for a sense that the state recognizes their humanity , dignity and value as individuals , not just as potential voters and taxpayers . With this in mind , it is clear that the Tunisian state has done a poor job of "  recruiting " its citizens into the fold , which has left space for terrorists to make a pitch for young Tunisians who feel alienated and who have lost hope . Of course , a robust police response is required to contain Salafi jihadism . But this must be matched by an equivalent civil response to uproot the problem . That is why as law enforcement fans out across the country to investigate and protect , I hope also to see educators and trained social workers traveling to rural and impoverished areas of Tunisia to demonstrate that the state has recovered the kind of humanity that was lost during decades of police-state , authoritarian stagnation . Wednesday 's attack was tragic . But to move forward , we must not be tempted to fall back on our past .	At least 23 people were killed in an attack on Bardo Museum in Tunis Mabrouka M'Barek : Tunisia has failed to "  recruit " its citizens into society
CNN  -- High-intensity training can often be a cruel master -- capable of provoking a mixture of sweat and tears , as well as occasional mishap and mental frailty -- but how much worse must it be when knowing that the worst part comes at the end ? That 's when an exhausted athlete , after hours of physical exertion , has to clamber into a vat of iced water -- perhaps giving new meaning to the phrase ` on the rocks ' . During her heyday , Paula Radcliffe , who still holds the world record for the marathon she ran in 2003 , revealed how she dreaded the baths , which the Briton termed "  absolute agony " . So Radcliffe may have mixed emotions about a recent report which pours cold water on the efficacy of a concept already quite literally swimming in the stuff . The European Journal of Sports Science suggests the benefits of the ice bath -- a technique which has been used in numerous sports disciplines  track-and-field , soccer , NFL , cricket , rugby and tennis to name but a few  -- are highly questionable . More worryingly still , the scientists who led an experiment into cold water immersion at the University of Portsmouth suggest the practice could be a "  possible threat to people 's health " as well . In theory , the recovery device -- whose by-products include a whole lot of gnashing , squealing and wailing -- is thought to reduce inflammation , swelling , muscle spasms and pain but the benefits have been disputed by the scientists on England 's south coast . Their test involved 40 athletes undertaking an hour and a half of intermittent shuttle running before being split into four groups for the recovery period : with 10 standing in cold water , 10 standing in warm water and 10 simply walking slowly -- all over a 12-minute period -- while the final group sat in cold water for just two minutes . Measuring muscle performance before exercise and at frequent intervals in the days afterwards , the scientists found "  no differences ... between any of the groups in terms of athletes ' perception of pain or in their biochemical markers of muscle cell damage . " Health Risks So while not only querying the fundamental validity of the process , lead author Jo Corbett also highlights the possibility that the intended recovery aid could -- rather than prove beneficial -- actually take an athlete out of action instead . "  Possible health risks of cold water immersion include hyperventilation leading to metabolic alkalosis -LSB- an acid-based disturbance -RSB- and , in rare cases , impaired consciousness , " Corbett told CNN . "  There is also some evidence of a reduction in cerebral artery blood flow , which at very cold water temperatures can cause syncope -LSB- fainting -RSB- characterized by drowsiness , blurred vision , and a loss of responsiveness in some individuals . " Other possible health risks of ice baths , according to Dr Corbett , include tachycardia -LSB- a fast heart beat -RSB- , arrhythmias -LSB- abnormal heart beats -RSB- , allergic and anaphylactic shock as well as the development of non-freezing cold injury -LSB- a tissue damage similar to , but lacking the severity of , frostbite -RSB- . In theory , both arrhythmias and anaphylactic shock can have fatal consequences -- so it 's no surprise that Dr Corbett would like to see more tests into ice baths , even if it must be stressed that no athlete has yet to suffer in such fashion despite their popularity . "  The prevalence of these risks will likely depend on the way that the immersion is used -- which is why there needs to be a clear understanding of the mechanisms of action of cold water immersion . "  The frequency of these symptoms in healthy , asymptomatic individuals is not clear but may be very low . " Placebo effect Before athletes around the world gain an added spring to their step at the thought of throwing out the bath water , Corbett advises that the conclusions of his team 's study should not be set in stone -- "  particularly when there is evidence for and against -LSB- ice baths -RSB- , " he says . Nonetheless , some leading clubs have already been in touch since the report 's publication to pursue further detail on the findings . In Australia , the Head of Human Performance at leading football side Sydney FC admits that even though confusion may reign over the longevity of cold water immersion , given the differing scientific opinions , he does not foresee the end of this ice age . "  I have learned throughout my career that if a player thinks it works , it probably does , " Dr Craig Duncan , told CNN . "  The placebo affect in sport is significant and if you combine that with a good performance , it will become a major part of a player 's preparation . This is so for recovery and the feedback I get from players -LSB- about ice baths -RSB- is : - My muscles feel less sore - I do n't feel as heavy , my legs feel lighter - I feel refreshed - It 's just what I like to do - I do it because Craig says I have to Alternatively , if I find a player really gets stressed about it , then there really is no point as I think it will have little positive effect . " Given this viewpoint , the players at Sydney FC , where former Italy international Alessandro del Piero is playing following his recent move from Juventus , may do well to remind Dr Duncan of his failsafe methods of recovery . "  Recovery is a massive area with many different views but we can never get away from the fact that the two key ingredients to positive recovery are Good Sleep and Sound Nutrition , " he says . So a nice feed followed by a warm bed -- or being immersed into an iced bath -- to recover . Hmmm , let me think ...	Leading report questions how efficient the use of ice baths is for leading athletes British scientist Jo Corbett warns that the practice could be a "  threat to people 's health " Sydney FC physiotherapist believes placebo effect can make cold water immersion worthwhile for his players
CNN  -- A child was killed Friday because that child went to school . The shooting Friday at a high school in Marysville , Washington -- just miles from my home in Seattle -- is a tragedy on two levels . First , most profoundly , two people are dead , four others wounded , and the parents , relatives , friends , teachers and classmates of the shooter and his victims have had their lives grievously changed . But this is not the first shooting in and around schools and colleges in America since the most infamous shooting at Sandy Hook . There have been many .  The exact numbers differ depending on how you count .  The other tragedy , then , is that gun violence -- in schools , in workplaces and across our communities -- has become virtually normal in America . It should not be . It can not be . It is not normal , in a civilized nation , to have over 30,000 gun deaths a year . It is not normal , in a civilized nation , to expect educators and parents and first responders to have plans at the ready for a shooting at their school . It is not normal , in a civilized nation , to assert that the best solution to gun violence is for more people to have more access to more guns . So the question we must confront is : Are we a civilized nation ? Earlier this week , I listened to a BBC correspondent open a report on the shootings in Ottawa , Ontario , by saying : "  In a scene reminiscent of America ... . " That is not the kind of exceptionalism America should be proud of . Though the Ebola crisis makes us rightly careful about using the word "  epidemic , " it is no overstatement to say that the United States has been in a years-long epidemic of gun violence . The sheer volume of homicides , accidental killings , suicides and merely disabling injuries is staggering . The number , both in absolute and per capita terms , exceeds by many times that of any other developed country on Earth . What also makes this an epidemic is that it is contagious . The more it spreads , the more it spreads . The more that a minority of citizens block prevention and treatment , the less effective prevention and treatment become for all . To put it bluntly , gun violence is orders of magnitude more deadly to Americans than Ebola . So , what do we do about the public health crisis of gun violence ? We have to turn to both law and norms . Many gun-rights absolutists respond to the death and mayhem of a Marysville or a Sandy Hook by saying that a particular gun law -- say , background checks for gun purchases -- would n't have prevented that tragedy . But when someone driving under the speed limit dies in a car wreck , we do n't throw out speed limits and declare them an ineffective burden . We recognize that speed limits and seat belt laws are part of a grown-up system of rules that reduce the overall likelihood of traffic fatalities . In precisely the same way , a requirement of background checks for gun purchases reduces the overall likelihood that people will die of gun violence . That 's why in the state of Washington , I 've been working with other citizens to secure passage of a ballot initiative that will create such background checks . And it 's why that measure seems to most people here not like tyranny but like common sense . The challenge extends beyond lawmaking to norm-setting . The coalition of parents , faith leaders , educators , businesspeople and others in Washington who are uniting behind background checks do so in the name of a core social norm : responsibility . All our American rights -- and particularly Second Amendment rights -- come with responsibilities . The responsibility , for instance , to minimize the danger inherently created by the circulation of weapons that can kill en masse . The responsibility to foster a culture of safety , especially for our youth . When middle-aged "  open-carry " activists walk into Kroger with semi-automatic rifles slung over their shoulders , they are n't exercising their rights with an ethic of responsibility . They 're trying to intimidate their way to respect and esteem . They 're acting out , demanding attention and rejecting curbs on their desires . That 's not being a citizen . It 's being a toddler . We the people get to decide whether that 's normal . Whether it 's acceptable or laughable to brandish firearms in the produce aisle . Whether it 's tolerable or disgraceful that we average more than one school shooting a week now . Laws like background checks can help set a tone for what 's OK . But ultimately , with our family and friends and neighbors , each one of us must decide what kind of civilization we expect in the United States . Somebody 's child was killed Friday because that child went to school . Somebody has to do something about it . In ways full of both risk and responsibility , you are that somebody .	Eric Liu : A child was killed because he went to school in Marysville , Washington , today Liu : Steady stream of shootings makes them virtually normal . Is this "  American exceptionalism " ? It 's contagious epidemic . Gun activists wrongly say background checks wo n't help , he says Liu : We the people must set tone , standards , with laws , norms . It 's our responsibility
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Relatives and friends of a judge and court reporter killed in a 2005 shooting at Atlanta 's Fulton County Courthouse took the stand Thursday in the penalty phase of the gunman 's trial . Some wept as they spoke of how the deaths have affected their lives and of their continued struggles with sadness , fear and anger . Claudia Barnes , widow of Fulton County Superior Court Judge Rowland Barnes , recalled asking permission to hold her husband 's hand one last time before his body was cremated . "  He and I held hands constantly for 13 years , " she said . She remembered running her hands over the judge 's face -- over the temple , where the bullet fired by escaped prisoner Brian Gene Nichols entered his head -- and over the judge 's beard , which she always kept trimmed . "  I hope the love of my life did not suffer , " Claudia Barnes said softly , reading from prepared notes . "  My faith in God has allowed me to remain sane . ... At times , it almost seems too much for me , but I try to do the best that I can . " She said her life with the judge "  was not long enough . " Nichols , 36 , was convicted this month of 54 counts including capital murder . He overpowered Fulton County Deputy Cynthia Hall on March 11 , 2005 , as he was being led into Barnes ' courtroom to face a second trial on rape charges . Nichols then took Hall 's gun from a lockbox and fatally shot three people at the courthouse : Barnes , court reporter Julie Ann Brandau and Fulton County Deputy Sgt. Hoyt Teasley , who attempted to apprehend him outside the building . Nichols was also convicted of killing David Wilhelm , a federal customs agent , hours later at Wilhelm 's home in the Buckhead section of Atlanta . Jurors heard victim impact statements Thursday as part of Nichols ' penalty phase , in which they will decide whether he will receive the death penalty sought by prosecutors . As relatives of his victims spoke , Nichols appeared somber , with his eyes downcast , but showed no further emotion . "  Nothing anybody does will bring my daddy back , " said an emotional Kiley Barnes , the judge 's daughter . She said her father raised her from age 2 and "  made it his life 's work to conquer becoming a single parent . " She recalled her father asking her to bring him her Barbie doll and show him how to create pigtails on either side of her head , and said the judge once literally gave the shirt off his back to a man at a Christmas party after the man complimented him on it . She said her father shared his passion for the law with her , and she remembered how proud he was at her college graduation , as she was one step closer to becoming a lawyer . Kiley Barnes said she was hoping that after Nichols ' conviction , she would feel better because justice had been done . "  Instead , I feel as heartbroken and as lonely as I did on March 11 , 2005 , " she said . Brandau 's daughter , Christina Scholte Greenway , was an 18-year-old college freshman at the time of the shootings . She told jurors her mother could not attend her graduation from college or nursing school or her wedding last month . "  My husband never got a chance to meet my mother , " she said . "  I know in my heart that she would have loved him . ... I walked down the aisle wearing her veil . " Brandau 's sister , Trudy Brandau , said she lost the only remaining member of her immediate family . The two sisters had grown close after the deaths of another sister and both parents , she said . "  Julie 's death changed everything in my life . " Candee Wilhelm told jurors about her husband 's death and how she was "  ripped in two " when he was killed . "  David was simply the most wonderful person I will ever know , " she said . Both she and sister-in-law Allison Wilhelm spoke of Russell , Wilhelm 's mentally challenged brother , who was especially close to him . David Wilhelm planned to become his guardian when his parents grew too old to care for him , Allison Wilhelm said . Candee Wilhelm said she was adopted , and her husband helped her through the difficult process of locating her birth mother . The woman died in 2006 , she said , but "  in a way , she was a gift from David . " She remembered looking at her husband 's body in the funeral home . "  As I stood there looking at this handsome man , bruised and battered from his murder , I remember thinking , ` This is n't my husband . ' I touched his hand , his arm , his leg . David was n't there anymore . I touched his hair . It was the only thing that really seemed familiar and real to me . " Teasley 's widow , Deborah , told jurors she had thought of the courthouse as a "  safe haven " for her husband . "  I hate to think that he was dying outside on the street , " she said of her husband . "  But the truth is , he was . " She said her husband "  was and still is our hero . He was the love of my life , my husband and my friend . " Deona Teasley said she was in the third grade when her father died . "  Why did someone do this to such a good person ? " she asked . "  He did n't deserve to die . He did not do anything wrong . ... We meant the world to him , and he meant the world to us . "	NEW : Officer 's daughter : "  He did n't deserve to die . He did not do anything wrong " "  I hope the love of my life did not suffer , " judge 's wife says Judge 's daughter feels as "  heartbroken and as lonely " as day father was shot Nichols could be sentenced to the death penalty
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton got to work on health care reform within days of her arrival at the White House as first lady in 1993 , newly released documents show . The National Archives on Wednesday released 11,000 pages of Hillary Clinton 's schedule as first lady . Her first meeting on the subject came on January 23 , 1993 , only three days after her husband Bill Clinton 's inauguration as president , and dozens of related events followed . Despite her efforts , the Clinton health care reform foundered in Congress . The National Archives on Wednesday released more than 11,000 pages of Sen. Hillary Clinton 's schedule when she was first lady . Sen. Barack Obama 's campaign pushed for the documents ' release , arguing that their review is necessary to make a full evaluation of Clinton 's experience as first lady . The documents cover nearly 2,900 days . An additional 27 days will be posted in the near future , the archives said . The documents are among those at the center of a legal battle between the archives and Judicial Watch , a conservative public interest group that has long urged a speedier release of files from the Clinton White House years . Tom Fitton , president of Judicial Watch , said the trove of documents "  shows she was a co-president , " revealing an "  extraordinary extent of meetings for an unelected official to be meeting with cabinet officials . " In a court motion this month , the archives promised to release the schedules by the end of the month but said it will need "  one to two years " to process remaining documents , including more than 20,000 pages of call logs -- well after the November 4 presidential election . According to the archives statement , 4,746 of the schedules have redactions , information removed before being released , that largely relate to privacy concerns including Social Security and telephone numbers and home addresses . "  We 'll look them over , and may ask the court for relief if it looks like something important is missing , " Fitton said of the redacted information . He said Judicial Watch continues to demand phone logs from Clinton 's time in the White House . The papers show Hillary Clinton had no public schedule on the day independent counsel Kenneth Starr was appointed to investigate Bill Clinton 's affair with Monica Lewinsky , or on the day Bill Clinton was deposed in the case . On the day the affair began , Hillary Clinton had a private meeting and a meet-and-greet with then-Vice-President Al Gore and Nobel Prize winners . She kept up a busy schedule as the affair spiraled into impeachment . Some events on the schedule might prompt a chuckle , such as a note on the day when the House of Representatives voted to impeach Clinton over the Lewinsky affair that a holiday party dance between the president and first lady was "  optional . " The documents are from the files of Patti Solis Doyle , director of Clinton 's scheduling as first lady , the archives said in a statement . Doyle stepped down as Clinton 's presidential campaign manager in February after a string of poor showings in primaries . "  Arranged chronologically , these records document in detail the activities of the first lady , including meetings , trips , speaking engagements and social activities for the eight years of the Clinton administration , " the archives said . The records were simultaneously released on CD-ROM at the William J. Clinton Presidential Library in Little Rock , Arkansas , and at the archives in Washington . The documents will be available for view on the Clinton Library 's Web site . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Alexander Mooney and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Hillary Clinton scheduled health care meeting just days after inauguration NEW : Conservative group says records show Clinton was "  co-president " Archives releases Clinton 's schedule when she was first lady More than 11,000 documents are being released covering nearly 2,900 days
CNN  -- Modern medicine is remarkable , but only if you have access to it . In many countries , including the United States , people are suffering because they ca n't get the health care they need . Three everyday people are trying to help change that , though . Georges Bwelle , Richard Nares and Laura Stachel , three of this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes , are medical marvels dedicated to improving other people 's health . Here 's how each of them , in his or her own way , is trying to save lives : Georges Bwelle The problem : In Cameroon , there is only one doctor for every 5,000 people , according to the World Health Organization . For comparison 's sake , the ratio in the United States is one doctor for every 413 people . And even if they could see a physician , many Cameroonians could n't afford it . Two out of five people in the country live below the poverty line , and nearly three-quarters of the country 's health-care spending is private . "  The only problem they have is poverty , " Bwelle said . "  And with poverty , they ... can not enjoy their life . " How Bwelle took action : Seeing his father and so many of his countrymen suffer , Bwelle was determined to do something about it . He became a doctor himself , working as a vascular surgeon in Yaounde 's Central Hospital . And he started a nonprofit , ASCOVIME , that travels into rural areas on weekends to provide free medical care . Since 2008 , he and his group of volunteers have helped nearly 32,000 people . Each of these weekend clinics provides a variety of medical care . Many people are treated for malaria , tuberculosis , malnutrition , diabetes , parasites and sexually transmitted diseases . Others might receive crutches , a pair of donated eyeglasses or free birth certificates -- documentation that 's required for school but that many impoverished families simply ca n't afford . In the evenings , the team will do simple surgeries with local anesthesia . Operations are usually done in a schoolhouse , town hall or home ; after the procedure , patients get up and walk to the recovery area to make way for the next person . "  We are receiving 500 people in each trip , " Bwelle said . "  They are coming from 60 kilometers  37 miles  around the village , and they 're coming on foot . " Richard Nares The problem : For many children fighting cancer , it can be extremely tough to make it to their chemotherapy appointments . When Nares ' 3-year-old son , Emilio , was being treated in 1998 for leukemia , Nares met many families who struggled : Single moms forced to take leave from jobs without pay , kids having to ride the bus alone to their chemotherapy appointments , siblings left home alone . Nares said it broke his heart . "  It 's extremely tough , not just emotionally , but now financially , " he said . "  Sometimes , both parents have to either leave their job or cut back severely . Some ... do n't have  an  extra $ 10 to pay for cafeteria food . " How Nares took action : When Emilio died , his father decided he had watched too many people struggle . He went back to the hospital in San Diego where Emilio had received most of his treatment , and he asked how he could help . "  Transportation , " they said . So Nares started picking up families in his old Buick . "  I was going every day , picking up families all over the county , " he said . Soon , however , Nares could n't handle the number of requests that were coming in . So he teamed up with nurses and social workers from the hospital to create a formal transportation program . He hired a driver , formalized a schedule for pickups and drop-offs and started the Emilio Nares Foundation in 2003 . "  No child should miss their cancer treatment due to lack of transportation , " Nares said . Laura Stachel The problem : During a two-week trip to Nigeria in 2008 , Stachel witnessed countless times when the lives of mothers and babies were at risk simply because of a lack of reliable electricity . Pregnant women would arrive at the hospital with severe complications , but without adequate light to treat them , procedures had to be compromised or delayed until daylight . Some women were even turned away . "  I realized that my skills as an obstetrician-gynecologist were utterly useless  without  something as basic as light and electricity , " Stachel said . Stachel said midwives in Nigeria use all kinds of makeshift lighting when they deliver babies : kerosene lanterns , candles , even cell phones . "  That 's not adequate light for maternity care , " she said . How Stachel took action : With the help of Hal Aronson , her husband and a solar energy educator , Stachel developed a special solar energy kit that can easily provide much-needed light and power for medical equipment . Since 2009 , the kits have been helping healthcare workers save lives not only in Nigeria but in facilities throughout Africa , Asia and Central America . "  I really want a world where women can deliver babies safely and with dignity , " Stachel said . Check out all of this year 's CNN Heroes	Three of this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes are dedicated to saving people 's lives Georges Bwelle runs free medical clinics in the poorest parts of Cameroon Richard Nares is giving children rides to their chemotherapy appointments in San Diego Laura Stachel created a solar energy kit to make sure babies are delivered safely
February 27 , 2015 This Friday on CNN Student News : A showdown in the U.S. government centers on funding for the Department of Homeland Security , the Federal Communications Commission votes to expand its regulation of the Internet , and we take a look at the symptoms and treatments for Seasonal Affective Disorder . Plus , our coverage of legal topics defines the U.S. juvenile justice system . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . Name one of the two dwarf planets at which a NASA spacecraft is scheduled to arrive this year . 2 . In what African nation , whose capital is Monrovia , did thousands of children recently return to school for the first time in six months ? 3 . What atmospheric phenomenon , measured in micrograms per cubic meter , coated parts of the Korean Peninsula early this week ? 4 . In what country is the city of Mannheim , where every house is now connected to a smart energy network ? 5 . Who is the leader of the U.S. Federal Reserve ? 6 . On what Japanese island would you find Mount Suribachi , where part of a bitter battle took place between U.S. and Japanese forces during World War II ? 7 . Home to about 20 million people and facing a historic drought , what city is the largest in Brazil ? 8 . Name the British theater where a rare copy of William Shakespeare 's collected works is going on display following its discovery in France . 9 . What part of the U.S. government voted 3-2 on Thursday to expand its control over the Internet ? 10 . What is the acronym for a type of depression that typically affects people in the winter months but usually goes away in the spring and summer ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
CNN  -- Flooding and resulting landslides killed 137 people Thursday and Friday in this nation 's northern provinces , including Baguio City , Benguet Province and Mountain Province , the Office of Civil Defense in Cordillera said Friday . A boatman transports three empty wooden coffins on the edge of Laguna Lake east of Manila on Thursday . Another 43 people were missing and 45 were injured , it said . Landslides blocked traffic along the Marchos Highway , Naguilian Road , Kennon Road and Ambuklao Road , cutting access to Baguio City , Benguet Province and Mountain Province , it said . The floods were unleased by tropical depression Parma , which had been downgraded from a typhoon . Earlier reports from Rocky Baraan , provincial administrator of Pangasinan , said flooding had inundated 32 towns and two cities , Dagupan and Urdaneta . Some 35,000 people had fled to evacuation centers , the official Philippines News Agency reported , citing the Provincial Disaster Coordinating Council . The worst-hit areas included Bayambang , Alcala and Basista , the news agency reported . People clambered onto rooftops as floodwaters rose , calling and texting for help . Rescue trucks were hampered by floodwaters that reach the roofs of single-story houses , Baraan said . About 16 rubber rescue boats had been deployed . Since the rains started in central Luzon , three dams in the Pangasinan area have been releasing vast amounts of water -- up to 10 million cubic meters per hour at one dam , dam officials said . Water passing through the three dams -- the Ambuklao , the Binga and the San Roque -- is rushing into the Agno River , which has been swollen since Thursday and affects seven towns in eastern Pangasinan , dam officials said . Water released from the San Roque dam has contributed to the flooding in eastern Pangasinan , acknowledged Alex Palada , division manager for flood forecasting and warning of the National Power Corporation . Dam officials had no choice but to maintain safe water levels , he added , noting that he alerted Pangasinan Governor Amado Espino . The governor started to evacuate residents Thursday when the Agno River started to rise , Palada said . In the last several days , water has become the Philippines ' biggest enemy , as Parma , locally known as "  Pepeng , " dumped as much as 36 inches  91.4 centimeters  of rain in some parts of the nation of islands , compounding misery in areas already flooded by earlier storm Ketsana . Parma was forecast to have winds of no greater than 39 mph  63 kph  by Friday . The U.S. Navy was expected to join rescue operations in Pangasinan , according to the agency . Journalist Lilibeth Frondoso and CNN 's Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	137 people dead in provinces , including Baguio City , Benguet and Mountain Floods were unleased by tropical depression Parma Report : Worst-hit areas in Pangasinan province are Bayambang , Alcala and Basista
CNN  -- The junta leading Niger following last week 's coup and suspension of the constitution is working to return the country to democratic rule , a United Nations official said Sunday . "  The political party is very keen to return power to civilians and transition to an all-inclusive democracy , " U.N. Special Representative for West Africa Said Djinnit told CNN . "  This transition began with the occurrence of the coup and the expiration of the constitution and implementation of a new constitution . " The new constitution already is in the works , said Djinnit , who along with representatives from the African Union and the Economic Community of West African States met with junta leaders in Niamey , Niger , on Sunday to push for a quick resolution to the conflict . "  The mission of this meeting is to assure this coup is the last , " Djinnit said . "  No coup can be tolerated . " President Mamadou Tandja is said to be detained in a military camp following Thursday 's coup . Soldiers reportedly stormed the presidential palace , according to the United Nations , and the French Embassy reported hearing intermittent gunfire less than a mile from the palace . A military official announced the suspension of the constitution later that day and attributed the order to the Superior Council for the Restoration of Democracy . The violence may have been prompted by a collapse of talks between the government and the opposition over a recent referendum allowing the president to hold power indefinitely , according to the United Nations . Tandja had been in office since 1999 , but Niger 's previous constitution mandated only two , five-year terms for president , according to the CIA World Fact Book . General public sentiment in the west African nation of 15 million appeared to favor the coup , according to Djinnit , who said life had returned to normal for civilians and many had gathered in rallies of support . Djinnit 's observations back earlier reports that the situation was calm in Niger , with children returning to school and shops open for business . CNN 's Andreena Narayan contributed to this report .	General public sentiment in Niger appears to favor last week 's coup , U.N. official says U.N. : Collapse of talks over president 's effort to supersede term limits may have led to coup President Mamadou Tandja is said to be detained in a military camp New constitution in the works , U.N. official says
The barrage of threats from North Korea has sparked talk from within South Korea of the need to develop its own nuclear weapons . A recent poll shows that two-thirds of South Korean citizens surveyed support the idea , especially in the wake of North Korea 's third nuclear test in February . "  We , the Korean people , have been duped by North Korea for the last 20 to 30 years and it is now time for South Koreans to face the reality and do something that we need to do , " said Chung Mong-joon , a lawmaker in the governing Saenuri  New Frontier  Party and a former presidential conservative candiate . "  The nuclear deterrence can be the only answer . We have to have nuclear capability . " The talk of South Korea arming with its own nuclear weapon used to be taboo in the country -- and there 's no apparent official government move to do so . But the tensions between the two Korean nations have amplified over the weeks , becoming reminiscent of the Cold War . U.S. lawmaker questions North Korean leader 's ` stability ' Earlier this month , South Korean Defense Ministry spokesman Kim Min-seok responded to North Korea 's threat to attack the South with a pre-emptive nuclear strike saying : "  If North Korea is to attack the South with its nuclear weapons ... Kim Jong Un 's regime will cease to exist on the face of Earth . " After North Korea conducted its third nuclear test last month , the South unveiled a cruise missile , which it claims to be so precise that it can target "  a specific window of a North Korean military commander 's office . " Some commentators in South Korean media have been calling for a nuclear weapons option , claiming that the country has the technology and economy to develop them in a short period of time . And public opinion is following in line . According to a February poll conducted by South Korea 's private think tank , Asan Institute , 66 % of South Koreans said they support developing a nuclear weapons program . The poll suggests that just under half of South Koreans in 2012 believed that the United States would provide South Korea with what 's known as the "  nuclear umbrella " in the case of a North Korean nuclear attack , indicating a 7 % decrease from 2011 . Under the nuclear umbrella , the U.S. is to provide South Korea with defensive means to ensure deterrence against a nuclear threat . In recent times , South Korea has been known for little if no reaction on North Korea 's provocations and threats . Its attitude changed after the 2010 attack on its battleship That killed more than 40 sailors -- North Korea was blamed . That same year , there was also outrage after the North shelled Yeonpyeong Island . South Korea returned fire and also began responding to North Korea with its own strong words . North Korea : Nuclear program not a bargaining chip But not all South Koreans are rallying behind the cause of developing South Korean nuclear weapons . If South Korea makes nuclear weapons , nonproliferation in the region would soon fall apart , Han Yong-sup , professor at the Korea National Defense University said . "  Japan and Taiwan could follow the suit . Then , a domino effect of nuclear proliferation will result , " he said . To assuage anxieties in South Korea , "  Washington needs to make an official statement in order to make U.S. extended deterrence more credible , " Han added . Experts say that China , also a powerful economic partner with South Korea , will never agree with the idea of nuclear armed South Korea , because "  it will affect Sino-U.S. ties , " said Yang Zhaohui , a professor of international relations at Peking University . North Korean video shows imagined attack on Washington But so far , China has n't been pleased with Kim 's nuclear ambitions , although it is North Korea 's closest ally and economic supporter . China recently signed on to tougher U.N. sanctions against the north , targeting that country 's nuclear program . "  China appears to be getting impatient on North Korea , " Yang said . "  The Chinese government does not appear to be controlling its public opinion on North Korea anymore . North Korea is not popular here . " Recently , criticism of North Korea have become rampant on Sina Weibo , the popular Chinese microblog . Kim Jong Un has even earned a nickname "  Jin Sanpang " which means "  Fat Kim the Third , " and has become a popular subject of satire among Chinese netizens . An editorial printed in China 's state-run newspaper Global Times in January warned North Korea that if it conducted a nuclear test it would not hesitate to reduce assistance to North Korea . "  China 's attitude towards North Korea appears to be changing , " Yan said . "  But China 's priority is peace and stability in the region . It wants to maintain good relationship with both South and North Korea . " U.S. to beef up missile defense against North Korea , Iran	Under heated rhetoric from North Korea , some South Koreans call for nuclear weapons South Korea does not have nuclear arms because of the ` nuclear umbrella ' provided by U.S. Recent poll : 66 % of South Koreans support developing nuclear weapons program
CNN  -- "  Our country has changed , " wrote Chief Justice John Roberts on June 25 , 2013 , when five of the nine Supreme Court Justices dismantled the historic Voting Rights Act . Roberts is correct in at least one respect : Today 's Republican Party is no longer the party of Abraham Lincoln , as former Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens reminded us again in a recent article in The New York Review of Books . Stevens , a lifelong Republican appointed to the court by Gerald Ford , attacked Roberts and his Republican colleagues for usurping the authority of Congress which had overwhelmingly renewed the act in 2006 . But 48 years ago this week , the Republican Party supported the cause of voting rights . On August 6 , 1965 , when President Lyndon Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act into law , he gave the second pen he used to Everett Dirksen , the Republican Senate Minority Leader . Dirksen deserved the honor because he was a major architect of the act . In fact , the bill was written in Dirksen 's office as he sat next to Acting Attorney General Nicholas Katzenbach . Later , insiders joked that the bill should be called "  Dirksenbach . " Although suffering from emphysema , ulcers and an enlarged heart , Dirksen worked hard defending the bill on the floor of the Senate , successfully defeating Southern efforts to weaken it . Johnson feared that a Southern filibuster would delay the bill until the Senate adjourned for the summer , a dangerous prospect . "  They been doin ' that for 35 years that I been here , " Johnson fumed , "  and I been watchin ' 'em do it . " Opinion : 50 years later , civil rights struggle is far from over Johnson turned to Dirksen for help . The Senator from Illinois persuaded 23 fellow Republicans to vote for cloture , shutting off a filibuster and freeing the Voting Rights Act for an up or down vote . When it came , 30 Republicans joined 47 Democrats to pass the bill and send it to the House for their consideration . After Southern efforts to destroy the bill in the House were defeated and differences between House and Senate versions of the bill were resolved in conference committee , the 1965 Voting Rights Act was passed overwhelmingly by both houses of Congress that August , with Republican support . Soon , however , Republicans began to court white voters in the South and elsewhere who were alienated by the Democratic Party 's embrace of civil rights . Richard Nixon first adopted this "  Southern strategy " in his 1968 presidential campaign , following the advice of Kevin Phillips , a political advisor , who later noted that "  the more Negroes who register as Democrats in the South , the sooner the Negrophobe whites will quit the Democrats and become Republicans . " And so it came to be : Blacks , who were affiliated with Lincoln 's Republican party after the Civil War and well into the 20th century , moved decisively to join the party of Johnson , and later Clinton , and Obama , while the Republican Party moved sharply to the right and came to mostly represent white Americans . In 2010 , after winning control of 25 state legislatures , Republicans enacted a series of laws designed to suppress the votes of those who elected Barack Obama president in 2008 . Then , on June 25 , 2013 , the conservative majority on the Supreme Court bid a final farewell to the party of Lincoln by demolishing the Voting Rights Act in Shelby County v. Holder . Troubled by this development , John Paul Stevens , a Republican appointed to the court in 1975 by President Gerald Ford , offered his dissent in The New York Review of Books article . Justice Stevens felt strongly that the court had erred in taking the case , since Congress had thoroughly investigated and found evidence of racial discrimination in voting in 2006 , resulting in the act 's near-unanimous reauthorization that same year . He argued that the chief justice 's opinion had failed "  to explain why such a decision should be made by the members of the Supreme Court , " and not the Congress . After all , the Fifteenth Amendment to the Constitution , which prohibits interference with voting on the basis of race , color , and condition of previous servitude , clearly gives the Congress the right to pass legislation to enforce that amendment . "  The members of Congress , representing the millions of voters who elected them , are far more likely to evaluate correctly the ... issue ... , " Stevens concluded . Conservatives on the court were guilty of the judicial activism they had long decried . Veterans of forgotten voting war count the cost In a final ironic twist , Stevens quoted Antonin Scalia 's dissent in the Defense of Marriage case , which Stevens thought applied at least as well , if not better , to what the court had done in Shelby County v. Holder : "  We have no power to decide this case . And even if we did , we have no power under the Constitution to invalidate this democratically adopted legislation . The court 's errors on both points spring forth from the same diseased root : an exalted conception of the role of this institution in America . " Stevens ' dissent , coming as it does from the man who served longer than any other Republican appointee on the Supreme Court , testifies to how far that party has strayed from its origins . With the gutting of the Voting Rights Act , Republicans throughout the South are again passing voter suppression laws  and , in North Carolina , legislation which would damage women 's reproductive rights  . It is no longer the party of Lincoln or Reagan . It has become the party of Jefferson Davis . Whether the American people wish to turn the clock back to 1861 remains to be seen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gary May .	Gary May : Roberts court gutting Voting Rights Act , recalls that GOP no longer party of Lincoln He says leading Republican in 1965 , Dirksen , was architect of act , rounding up GOP votes Later , Republican "  Southern Strategy " wooed white voters , blacks flocked to Democrats May : Now court has abetted GOP , as it tries to obstruct voting rights in states
CNN  -- It 's typical for high school students to encourage their classmates in competition with "  you guys are going to win . " What makes it different in the case of Carmel , New York , High School seniors Dylan Meehan and Bradley Taylor is what they won : the superlative of "  Cutest Couple , " as highlighted in the school yearbook . And until the news went viral , the decision , says Carmel Principal Kevin Carroll , "  has n't really been a big deal in the school . " "  I thought at this stage as we are now , it should n't be a news event . All the reactions are coming from outside . The yearbooks were distributed Wednesday , and we did n't get any calls until someone posted it online , " Carroll , whose school is about 65 miles north of New York City , told CNN Tuesday . Taylor , 17 , said he sees the honor as a great achievement and a turning point for their school . "  At first we were n't able to run because for the title , they were only allowed to pick a boy and a girl , " he told CNN . "  But a bunch of our friends made an uproar , and they changed it . So now you vote ` student one ' and ` student two . ' And I guess a lot of people voted for us and we won . So many people came up to us saying , ` You guys are going to win . ' " A mutual friend introduced the two last year during a Brown University visit . Later on , they started dating . "  I came out to my family a week or two after I started dating Brad , " said Meehan , 18 . "  He was the one encouraging me to come out to them . " "  I feel like both of our families always knew but I told my parents a month before we started dating , " said Taylor . Taylor 's father , Robert Taylor , agreed with Carroll in saying that in this day , it should be no surprise that a gay couple won the "  Cutest Couple " title . "  I think of it as any other normal day . He won . OK . Lots of people win ` Cutest Couple , ' " said the elder Taylor . "  Back in the day it was different races being together , so for me it should n't be anything , " Robert Taylor said . "  He 's very excited that he won . " Bradley Taylor , who has participated in plays at his school , and at a community theater , received a full scholarship to the New York University Gallatin School of Individualized Study . Meehan also will enroll at NYU 's Gallatin in the fall . Chelsea Blaney , another of their friends , posted their yearbook photo together on Tumblr and said she got resoundingly positive reactions . "  Two of my best friends won ` Cutest Couple ' of our senior class , " Blaney said on her Tumblr account . "  First time in my school history a same-sex couple has even been able to run for this category , not to mention winning it . So proud of them , and my school . "	Voted "  Cutest Couple " at Carmel High School : Dylan Meehan and Bradley Taylor For the school it "  has n't really been a big deal , " says the principal "  We did n't get any calls until someone posted it online , " the principal adds A posting on Tumblr brought positive responses , says a friend of the couple
Karachi , Pakistan  CNN  Suicide bombers attacked a Christian community in eastern Pakistan on Sunday , setting off two blasts that killed at least 14 people and wounded dozens more , officials said . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the deadly attack and warned of more to come . The explosions , which struck the Nishtar Colony area in the city of Lahore , wounded at least 78 people , said Dr. Muhammed Saeed Sohbin , medical superintendent at Lahore General Hospital . Video from the scene aired by CNN affiliate GEO News showed twisted metal , shattered glass and panicked residents outside a church compound . Ambulance and security personnel were seen moving in . Later footage showed water cannons arriving to disperse the crowd . Ehsanullah Ehsan , a spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban , said by telephone that his group was responsible for the suicide bombings , declaring that such attacks would continue until Sharia law is implemented in Pakistan . After a period of disunity , the terrorist group 's three major splinter groups announced last week that they were joining forces again under the name Tehrik-i-Taliban , or TTP . The Pakistani military has been waging a campaign against the militant group in North Waziristan , one of the loosely governed tribal areas bordering Afghanistan . Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , whose government held unsuccessful peace talks with the TTP last year , strongly condemned Sunday 's attack , according to a statement from his office . Sharif asked provincial governments to tighten security and "  take all possible measures " to protect people and property , the statement said . The last major attack on Pakistan 's Christian community took place in 2013 , when suicide bombers struck a church in the northwestern city of Peshawar , killing more than 80 people . More recently , a Christian couple were burned to death in November by mob that accused them of blasphemy . "  The Christian community is a soft target for militant outfits in Pakistan , " said Rabia Mehmood , a researcher at the Jinnah Institute , a Pakistani think tank . "  But generally Christians and other religious minorities are under a constant threat by the extremist elements in the society and rampant religious intolerance . " On Sunday , Pope Francis said he learned of the attacks "  with pain , with much pain . " He called for peace in Pakistan and said that persecution of Christians does n't get the attention it deserves . The Pope prayed that "  this persecution against Christians , which the world tries to hide , might end , and that there be peace . " Other minorities in the predominantly Sunni Muslim nation have also been targeted this year . Last month , an attack on a Shiite mosque in Peshawar killed at least 19 worshipers and injured dozens of others . The Pakistani Taliban reportedly claimed responsibility for that attack , too . CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Karachi , Pakistan , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Brian Walker and journalists Saleem Mehsud and Adeel Raja contributed to this report .	The Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for the suicide bombings At least 78 people were wounded in the attack , hospital official says
WASILLA , Alaska  CNN  -- For more than two decades , vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin was a practicing Pentecostal . She belonged to the Wasilla Assembly of God church in her hometown of Wasilla , Alaska . But though she attended the church from her teenage years to 2002 , the Alaska governor has n't talked much about her religion since joining the Republican ticket . Palin 's former pastor , Tim McGraw , says that like many Pentecostal churches , some members speak in tongues , although he says he 's never seen Palin do so . Church member Caroline Spangler told CNN , "  When the spirit comes on you , you utter things that nobody else can understand ... only God can understand what is coming out of our mouths . " Some Pentecostals from Assembly of God also believe in "  faith healing " and the "  end times " -- a violent upheaval that they believe will deliver Jesus Christ 's second coming . "  Our basic belief is that God is God and he knows where history is going and he has a purposeful plan and within the middle of that plan we live in an environment in our world where certain events would take place , " says McGraw . "  Sarah was n't taught to look for one particular sign -- a cataclysmic sign . She knew as every Christian does ... that God is sovereign and he is in control . " The McCain campaign says the governor does n't consider herself Pentecostal . Watch Palin 's father talk about her religious upbringing " McGraw says Palin 's Pentecostal roots may be being downplayed for a reason : "  I think there may be issues of belief that could be misunderstood or played upon by people that do n't know . " When asked by CNN about Palin 's beliefs , campaign spokeswoman Meghan Stapleton would only say the Republican vice presidential candidate has "  deep religious convictions . " Watch how Palin 's religious roots formed " But how might her religious beliefs impact policy in Washington if the Republican ticket is successful ? Palin 's former pastor says he has no doubt her religious beliefs will influence her decision making when it comes to government policy . Regarding her desire to build an Alaskan pipeline and explore for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , McGraw told CNN , "  Sarah knows that in Genesis , God creates the world and it 's very good and that we 're supposed to be caretakers in terms of not destroying the environment , so there 's no way that Sarah is going to exploit or damage the Alaska tundra in the name of getting gas if she does n't have to . " Palin 's neighbors react to her swift rise Six years ago , Palin left Assembly of God to join the non-denominational Wasilla Bible Church . But the Assembly of God says she still returns for special conferences and events , such as the graduation of ministry students in June . Video of a speech she gave at the church just two months before joining the Republican ticket is making the rounds on the Internet . Speaking of the troops in Iraq , Palin says on the video , "  Pray for our military men and women who are striving do to what is right . Also for this country , that our leaders , our national leaders , are sending them out on a task that is from God . That 's what we have to make sure that we 're praying for -- that there is a plan , and that plan is God 's plan . " Watch Palin speak at her former church " Her campaign says she does n't mix her faith with government business . But Palin did ask her audience to pray for a $ 30 billion natural gas pipeline she is on a mission to build in Alaska . In the video Palin says , "  I think God 's will has to be done in unifying people and companies to get that gas pipeline built . So pray for that ... I can do my job there in developing my natural resources . But all of that does n't do any good if the people of Alaska 's heart is not good with God . " McGraw , who was her pastor until 1998 and while she was mayor of Wasilla , says that Palin attended discipleship classes to strengthen her Pentecostal faith and that he counseled her on how to become a better leader . "  Everyone has a way of viewing the world and Sarah does too and hers would be shaped by the common-sense practicality of how she 's been shaped by the Bible -- which is basically the world view that says God loves people , people can access him and he 's given us wisdom for living , " McGraw says . He says Alaska has seen Palin 's faith play out . As governor she passed ethics reform and took on what she 's referred to as a "  good-ol ' - boys network . " However , she has said she would not seek to impose her religious views on others . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Sarah Palin "  I think one of the most obvious ways it plays out is what you 've seen -- is being courageous enough to deal with deception and corruption , " McGraw says . Palin now attends the Wasilla Bible Church . She was there on August 17 , just days before entering the national spotlight . David Brickner , the founder of Jews for Jesus , was a speaker . He told congregants that terrorist attacks on Israel were God 's "  judgment " of Jews who have n't embraced Christianity . Brickner said , "  Judgment is very real and we see it played out on the pages of the newspapers and on the television . When a Palestinian from East Jerusalem took a bulldozer and went plowing through a score of cars , killing numbers of people . Judgment -- you ca n't miss it . " The McCain campaign says Brickner 's comments do not reflect her religious views . Palin 's spokeswoman says she is pro-Israel . Pastor Ed Kalnin , the senior pastor of Palin 's former Pentecostal church , has also come under fire for his comments . In 2004 , he told church members if they voted for John Kerry for president , they would n't get into heaven . He told them , "  I question your salvation . " The Assembly of God issued a statement online in response , which said Kalnin was "  joking " when he suggested "  Kerry supporters would go to hell . " The statement went on to say : "  We do acknowledge in hindsight that it was careless , and we do apologize for that . This statement is not written as a defense , but as a clarification . " Palin has done little while in office to advance a social conservative agenda . She told The Associated Press in an interview in 2006 that she would not allow her personal beliefs to dictate public policy . "  I 've honestly answered the questions on what my personal views are on things like abortion and a lot of controversial issues , " Palin told AP . "  I wo n't hesitate to answer those questions about what my personal views are , but I am not one to be out there preaching and forcing my views on anyone else . " But in the last week , her religious background and outlook has certainly spurred debate far beyond Alaska .	Sarah Palin belonged to Pentecostal church for more than two decades until 2002 Campaign : Palin is deeply religious , does n't consider herself Pentecostal Pastor : Issues of belief could be misunderstood , played upon by people Speaking of the troops in Iraq , Palin says they were sent on "  task that is from God "
CNN  -- Time magazine on Wednesday named Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke as its 2009 Person of the Year , calling him "  the most powerful nerd on the planet . " Bernanke will be featured on the cover of the magazine that hits stores Friday . He beat out Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt , President Obama , Apple CEO Steve Jobs and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi among other finalists . Time said Bernanke was the reason the U.S. financial crisis was n't worse . "  The story of the year was a weak economy that could have been much , much weaker . Thank the man who runs the Federal Reserve , our mild-mannered economic overlord , " the article said . "  He did n't just reshape U.S. monetary policy ; he led an effort to save the world economy . " Time : Person of the Year 2009 Bernanke is considered a scholar of the Great Depression . A series of his writings were compiled into the book "  Essays of the Great Depression . " Michael Grunwald , who authored Time 's article , on Wednesday told NBC 's "  Today " that "  basically -LSB- Bernanke -RSB- saw what looked like another depression coming , and he decided he would do whatever it takes to forestall that . And basically , I think he did . It could have been a lot worse . " Grunwald said , "  There are things that he could have done better . One of his responsibilities is for full employment in society , and he has n't really stepped up on that , but basically in terms of influencing how the economy went this year , Bernanke was the guy . " The Time senior correspondent added , "  Look , he 's been criticized from left and right , from liberals and conservatives , you know , for ... running the unelected fourth branch of government . He 's a controversial figure . " Wednesday 's announcement comes a day before a Senate Banking Committee vote on whether Bernanke should be given another term . "  Remember , he 's a Republican appointed by a Democratic president . It 's the Democrats on the committee that are going to vote to confirm . It 's a really interesting combination of factors , " Grunwald said . One of Bernanke 's harshest critics is Sen. Jim Bunning , R-Kentucky , the only senator to vote against the economist 's appointment four years ago by President Bush . In a statement Wednesday , Bunning said , "  I find it ironic that a man who has spent the last year rewarding others for failure is now being named ` Person of the Year . ' "  But if Time magazine is in the business of rewarding failure , Ben Bernanke is their man -- he has certainly excelled at that . " Bunning called Bernanke a "  moral hazard , " accusing him of supporting the "  easy money policies of his predecessor , Alan Greenspan , " who made the cover of Time in February 1999 , along with then-Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and his successor , Lawrence H. Summers . Another sharp critic of Bernanke , independent Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont , said December 2 that he plans to place a "  hold " on Bernanke 's nomination for a second term once it leaves the Banking Committee . A "  hold " is an informal practice in which a senator informs the majority leader that he or she does not want a bill or nomination to reach the floor for a vote . Majority leader Sen. Harry Reid , D-Nevada , would not need to act on Sanders ' request , but Sanders could launch a filibuster to delay the motion to nominate the Fed chairman for another four-year term . "  The American people overwhelmingly voted last year for a change in our national priorities to put the interests of ordinary people ahead of the greed of Wall Street and the wealthy few , " Sanders said then , explaining his action . "  What the American people did not bargain for was another four years for one of the key architects of the Bush economy . " Time magazine noted that Bernanke , who turned 56 Sunday , defies the stereotype of "  a typical Beltway power broker . " "  He does n't have a commanding presence . He is n't a mesmerizing speaker . He has none of the look-at-me swagger or listen-to-me charisma so common among men with oversize Washington offices , " the article said . Bernanke was sworn in as Federal Reserve chairman in February 2006 . He spent years in academia , as a professor at Princeton , Stanford and New York universities and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , according to the Fed 's Web site . Time magazine , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner .	GOP senator and critic calls Ben Bernanke "  moral hazard " Time magazine calls Bernanke , 56 , " the most powerful nerd on the planet " Bernanke , a Great Depression scholar , feared new one , writer says Senate panel set to vote on whether Fed chairman get another term
Washington  CNN  -- Fueled by a close call on a runway two years ago involving a U.S. senator , general aviation pilots will soon have increased leverage when facing FAA disciplinary action under a bill awaiting President Barack Obama 's signature . The legislation was spearheaded by Sen. James Inhofe , R-Oklahoma , whose own piloting incident led to increased scrutiny by the Federal Aviation Administration . Inhofe , an experienced pilot with more than 10,000 flying hours , faced an FAA investigation after landing his private plane on a closed runway , sending ground workers scrambling for safety . In the October 2010 incident , the investigators said the runway was clearly marked with a large "  X " indicating it was closed . Additionally , a notice warning pilots the runway was closed had been issued . Such notices , called NOTAMs  Notices to Airmen  , are supposed to be checked by all pilots prior to departure . Inhofe said he did n't check for FAA warnings . Supporters of the "  Pilot 's Bill of Rights " say the new measure passed by the House and Senate gives general aviation pilots the ability to fight charges levied against them by FAA officials . Highlights of the bill include : -- Allowing pilots to appeal National Transportation Safety Board rulings in federal district court . Previously , pilots could only appeal FAA findings to an NTSB administrative law judge . -- Requiring the FAA to inform pilots when they 're being investigated and notify them that any response by the pilot can be used as evidence against them . -- Forcing the FAA to share all evidence with the pilot before any enforcement action is enacted . -- Requiring the Government Accountability Office  GAO  to review the FAA 's medical certification process . Pilots have argued that current FAA medical forms are easily misunderstood , resulting in those who are under investigation being accused of falsifying the documents . "  This bill remedies many of the most serious deficiencies in the relationship between general aviation and the FAA , and ensures that pilots are , like everyone else , treated in a fair and equitable manner by the justice system , " Inhofe said after the bill passed by voice vote in the House . Pilot advocacy groups lauded the news . "  This is a landmark bill for general aviation , and protecting GA pilots ' freedom to fly , " said Lorraine Howerton , Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association vice president of legislative affairs , said on the AOPA 's website . Inhofe told the Washington Post at the time , "  I called the -LSB- Federal Aviation Administration -RSB- when I landed to tell them what had happened " and to see if there was any problem ... Since there was no accident , there appeared to be no significant problem . " Pilot rescued after U.S. jet crash in Japan GAO investigators : Some student pilots in U.S. illegally Official : 3 Americans die as private jet crashes in France	The legislation was spearheaded by Sen. James Inhofe , R-Oklahoma Inhofe faced FAA scrutiny after landing his private plane on a closed runway The bill would all pilots to appeal NTSB rulings in federal district court It also would require the GAO to review the FAA 's medical certification process
CNN  -- When Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland of Ohio hits the campaign trail before Election Day , you might want to listen , because the outcome his re-election bid could have a direct impact on you -- even if you do n't live in his state . The number crunchers at Election Data Services estimate that next year , Ohio is going to lose two seats in the U.S. House of Representatives . It 's up to the Ohio state government -- including the governor -- to decide which House members will go : Democrats or Republicans . Imagine if , 10 days from now , the Republicans win control of the House , but by only a one-seat majority . Republican John Boehner becomes speaker . But if a Democrat holds the governor 's mansion in Ohio , he could insist that when his state loses two seats , both must be in districts held by Republicans . That means just through redistricting in Ohio alone , the Democrats could take back control of the House . That would affect your life , because everything from education policy to health care and taxes goes through the House , and which party is in control makes a big difference . The balance of power could hinge on who gets elected governor in states far from yours . The scenario painted above is highly unlikely -- in part because Republicans will probably retain control of the Ohio state Senate , and they would force a compromise with their governor . But there 's more to this chess game . Ohio is n't the only state that stands to lose seats , and other states will win seats . Texas , for example , is poised to gain four seats . Republicans control the legislature in Austin , and there 's a tight race for the governor 's office . Florida stands to gain two seats through redistricting . Republicans control the legislature in Tallahassee , and there 's a close contest in the gubernatorial race . New York is likely to lose one seat . Democrats control both state houses , and a Democrat is poised to win the governor 's mansion . In all , 18 states will gain or lose representation in the House of Representatives , totaling a change of 24 seats . In most states , it 's all up to the legislature , and the governor vetoes or approves the map . Some states have a different process to try to minimize political games , but that 's hard . "  If one party has complete control of the process , they will tilt the table to their favor , so their state will be more likely to elect Democrats or Republicans for entire decade , " until redistricting begins again , explains George Mason University professor Michael McDonald , an expert on the process . Imagine another scenario : On Election Day , Democrats eke out a win and retain control of the House by five seats . But Democrats lose governors and state legislative races across the country . Once redistricting happens next year , those elected state officials could wipe out the Democrats ' majority by adding seats Republicans will control and eliminating seats Democrats are certain to control . Democrats in Congress would lose their majority because of politicians elected in a state you 've never even visited . Sound unfair ? The redistricting process is required by the U.S. Constitution to ensure that every member of the House has an equal population district . It 's the main reason we conduct a Census every 10 years , so we can rebalance districts based on where people are living . These new district lines last for 10 years , until the next census . When a state has to change even one seat , all the districts in the entire state stand to be redrawn . Remember , every district has to have population of equal size . That means the whole deck is reshuffled . There are clever ways to draw districts to ensure that one party or another is all but certain to win there . "  A long time ago , people figured out you could do more than rebalance populations so politicians can manipulate the boundaries to their favor , " McDonald said , adding that manipulation for political gain is ingrained into our politics . "  This is what 's called gerrymandering . So the party that controls a state can tilt the balance of power in Washington , D.C. " The origin of "  gerrymandering " The list of states that will gain or lose seats is released in December . But Election Data Services crunched the preliminary census numbers and estimates that the following states will see changes . Texas will gain four seats , Florida will gain two , and Arizona , Georgia , Nevada , South Carolina , Utah and Washington will each gain one . Ohio and New York will lose two seats , and Illinois , Iowa , Louisiana , Massachusetts , Michigan , Missouri , New Jersey and Pennsylvania will each lose one .	Governors play a big role in the redistricting process Theoretically , redistricting could cause a shift in the balance of power This year , 18 states are expected to gain or lose representation in the House When a state has to change just one seat , the districts in the state stand to be redrawn
CNN  -- Chelsea target Fernando Torres has submitted a transfer request at Liverpool , but the English Premier League club still insist he is staying with them . With the hours ticking down until the end of the January transfer window , Liverpool signaled their intent to hold on to their star striker , who signed a new five-year contract with them in 2009 . "  Fernando Torres tonight submitted a written transfer request , which has been rejected by Liverpool , " said a club statement Friday night . "  Fernando is under long-term contract and the club expect him to honor the commitment he made to Liverpool FC and its supporters when he signed the agreement . " Earlier , the Merseyside club confirmed on its website that a bid had been received -- reported in British newspaper the Daily Telegraph to be around $ 63 million -- but it is expected reigning Premier League champions Chelsea will increase their offer ahead of Monday 's deadline day . The 26-year-old striker , who was part of Spain 's World Cup winning squad in South Africa , has scored nine goals this season and under new manager Kenny Dalglish looks to be returning to his best form . Liverpool , up to a season 's best seventh after a midweek win over Fulham , have strengthened their squad with the signing of Uruguay striker Luis Suarez from Ajax to play up front with Torres . But Chelsea , trailing leaders Manchester United in this season 's title race , are also keen to augment their aging squad , particularly in attack . Spanish club Atletico Madrid said they had turned down Chelsea 's $ 82 million bid for Argentina striker Sergio Aguero earlier this week .	Liverpool reject transfer request from striker Fernando Torres Premier League champions Chelsea want to sign Spain World Cup star Torres signed a new five-year contract with Liverpool in 2009
CNN  North Korea responded harshly to a United Nations draft resolution referring the reclusive regime to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity , promising that such a move would prompt it to conduct more nuclear tests . A U.N. General Assembly committee Tuesday voted in favor of the draft resolution condemning the country 's human rights record and calling for "  targeted sanctions . " Before the vote , Choe Myong Nam , North Korea 's representative at the U.N. , issued a familiar warning , saying that seeking to punish the country on human rights "  is compelling us not to refrain any further from conducting nuclear tests . " "  The reality is the need for us to maintain powerful state capability in order to defend our people 's human rights , " he said . "  The outrageous and unreasonable human rights campaign staged by the United States and it followers in their attempts to eliminate the state and social system of the  North Korea  is compelling us not to refrain any further from conducting nuclear tests . " The 111-19 vote , with 55 abstentions , is merely a recommendation . The General Assembly does not have the power to refer the regime or its leader , Kim Jong Un , to the ICC . The non-binding measure will come up for a vote by the General Assembly in December . The authority to refer a country to the ICC lies only with the U.N. Security Council , a 15-member body charged with maintaining global security . The five permanent members at the core of the Security Council , including China and Russia , wield veto powers . Opponents of the resolution -- including China , Russia and Cuba -- said the measure was politically manipulated and would set a precedent for other nations to be targeted in the future . The North Korean representative told the U.N. gathering Tuesday that the resolution "  provoked confrontation " and "  failed to reflect the reality on the ground . " China is likely to use its veto against the resolution . Chinese officials have repeatedly said efforts to send North Korea 's leadership to the ICC "  wo n't help improve a country 's human rights condition . " North Korea 's longtime ally has never wavered in its support for Pyongyang . North Korea 's leaders have been accused of employing murder , torture , slavery , sexual violence and mass starvation to prop up the isolated regime and exercise total control over its citizens . North Korea has repeatedly denied the existence of political camps or human rights abuses in the country , and has accused the United States and its allies of seeking to discredit and overthrow the North Korean leadership . North Korea : ` We were forced to eat grass and soil ' In February , the U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea published a 400-page report documenting widespread torture and abuse , and called for urgent action , including the referral of its findings to the ICC for possible prosecution . Last month , U.S. military officials said they believe the North Koreans have the capability to mount a nuclear warhead on an intermediate or long-range missile . If true , it represents a significant increase in North Korea 's quest for a long-range nuclear weapon . Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti , commander of U.S. Forces Korea , said he believes the North Koreans have the "  capability " to launch an intercontinental ballistic missile , but stressed they have not tested any such device . In April , North Korea announced that it would n't rule out "  a new form of a nuclear test " to strengthen its nuclear deterrent capabilities . Experts have speculated that that could refer to the testing of a uranium bomb . The regime in Pyongyang is known to have conducted three previous tests , all of them believed to be based on plutonium . The most recent one took place in February 2013 . Opinion : Stop romancing North Korea Kim Jong Il 's former bodyguard tells of beatings , starvation in prison camp Opinion : Moment of truth for North Korea over human rights	U.N. committee favors draft resolution referring N. Korea to Intl. . Criminal Court The vote is merely a recommendation The authority to refer a country to the ICC lies only with the U.N. Security Council
CNN  -- The sisters Kardashian -- Kim , Kourtney , and Khloe -- do n't have to spend millions on focus groups and dynamic PR strategists to get noticed : Twitter does it for them . In an interview to air on Thursday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " Morgan pointed out that all three are in the top 100 list of people being followed on Twitter worldwide : Kourtney is number 72 , Khloe is number 47 , and Kim is the sixth-most followed . With 6 million followers , she 's neck and neck with President Barack Obama . Kourtney called Twitter "  the best decision-maker , " pointing out that she Tweets everything from potential perfume bottle designs for the sisters ' signature fragrance , to outfit dilemmas , to asking fans what she should have for dinner . Morgan , who has only been on Twitter for six weeks , has more than 200,000 followers , and asked Kim and Kourtney to help him gain more , pointing out that the sisters ' influence was "  fascinating . " In light of the fact that their opinions are clearly in demand , Morgan asked them about Obama and Sarah Palin , stating , "  What would you say if I said , ` Sarah Palin ' ? " To which Kourtney replied , "  I just think , like , hunter . That 's just like the first thing that comes into my head . Kim said that Obama was the first presidential candidate to get her "  motivated enough to vote . " When Morgan asked Kourtney and Kim if they would have any talent if they were to appear on "  America 's Got Talent , " Kim Kardashian said , "  I would absolutely say that marketing is a skill . " Kim also said that "  fashion " was a skill , pointing out that the sisters all worked as stylists at some point and that they currently own "  three successful clothing stores . " The Kardashians pointed out that much of their brand revolves around promoting a healthy body image and that none of the three sisters are "  stick skinny . " Kourtney admitted that while she is , in fact , a size zero , she is also very petite at 5 feet tall , and curvy . Kim , at 5-foot-3 , said her size wavers between the 4 and 6 range . "  We 're not trying to fit in the same mold , " said Kim . "  We know that we feel our best when we look our best . " Kim said she is always "  super honest " when plastic surgery rumors surface and had no trouble admitting that while she has "  tried Botox before , " her breasts are "  completely , 100 percent real . " Kourtney admitted she does , in fact , have implants . Kim also said she often uses body shapers , masking tape , and other under-clothing body smoothers to boost her confidence -- particularly on the red carpet . "  If you know your body type , " said Kim , "  then you can dress to feel -- its like , ` Fake it until you make it ' is what we always say . " When Morgan asked them what the most extravagant thing they ever bought for themselves was , Kim said she had purchased a $ 115,000 watch that she "  got a really good deal on . " Even the most savvy pop culture connoisseurs may not realize that Ryan Seacrest is the Kardashians ' boss . Seacrest has served as executive producer of the E! network 's "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " since the reality series premiered in 2007 . "  He is pretty evil , " joked Kim . The Kardashians count Seacrest among their greatest friends . "  Ryan is so easy to talk to . He just gets it , " said Kim . "  He completely trusts us and our vision . " Morgan also asked the Kardashians if there is anything about their lives that is off-limits . "  Relationships , " said Kim . "  I only show very little bits and pieces . " When Morgan asked Kim if she was "  in love " with New Jersey Nets player Kris Humphries , Kim was tight-lipped . "  I think that this time around , I am really trying to keep things a little bit more private than I have in the past , " she said . The Kardashians were quick to point out that their solid American values and work ethic keep them grounded . Kim , who said she "  never " talks money because she thinks its "  inappropriate , " maintains that she gives 10 percent of her yearly income to her church because that 's how she was raised . "  Whatever it is , I give 10 percent away to the church , and that 's what I was taught . " When asked if she did the same , Kourtney said , "  I 'm going to now , " with a laugh . "  I was taught that , too , but I forgot about it . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	The Kardashian sisters credit Twitter with helping them make major decisions The sisters tell Piers Morgan their marketing and fashion savvy help keep their brand going strong Kim Kardashian says her most extravagant purchase was a $ 115,000 wristwatch See the full interview with Kim and Kourtney Kardashian on "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " 9 p.m. ET
CNN  -- Does money make you happy ? Does being rich contribute to your spiritual life and its possibilities ? Is the gap between the rich and poor a religious problem as well as a social problem in desperate need of solutions ? Jesus , Pope Francis , and brain scientists have asked these questions , and the answers are clear if unnerving . Wealth and power are dangerous for your mental health , your spiritual condition , and for society in general -- especially when they contribute to the neglect of the poor . New research explains how this works  more on this in a minute  . Ridding the world of poverty is , of course , a fantasy . Jesus knew this : "  You will always have the poor among you , " he said  Matthew 26:11  . He also said , "  God blesses you who are poor , for the kingdom of God is yours . "  Luke 6:20  . Only a few verses before this moment in Luke , he cries  echoing the Old Testament  : "  The spirit of the Lord is upon me , for he has anointed me to bring the good news to the poor . "  Luke 4:18  . Jesus also noted , famously and controversially , that it is easier "  for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven . "  Matthew 19:23 -24  . Let 's just hope that we 've got some very skinny camels . Jesus discouraged the accumulation of wealth , worried about its effects on those who had it , and took special pleasure in helping the poor , dedicating his efforts to them . He must have shaken his head at the large gaps between rich and poor throughout ancient Palestine in the first century . Pope Francis has taken up Jesus ' call on this . On his recent visit to South Korea , he repeated a cry that has become a central theme of his papacy , telling hundreds of thousands of listeners in Seoul that the gap between the rich and poor in Korea was a problem , and they should think back to early Christian martyrs in Korea . He said : "  Their example has much to say to us who live in societies where , alongside immense wealth , dire poverty is silently growing ; where the cry of the poor is seldom heeded and where Christ continues to call out to us , asking us to love and serve him by tending to our brothers and sisters in need . " Everyone knows that the wealth gap in the U.S. has increased dramatically . "  The top 10 percent took more than half of the country 's overall income in 2012 , the highest proportion recorded in a century of government record keeping , " The New York Times reported in April . It 's a problem that makes you dizzy , and one that will never be easily solved . Indeed , the concentration of wealth at the very top of American society recalls the early 20th century , before the income-leveling measures of the New Deal kicked in . The growing income gap is perhaps the most pressing issue before the world , not just the United States , as the level of misery rises among the poor . Even those formerly known as the middle class , who have struggled mightily to make ends meet for decades now , face an array of problems that create mental and physical pain on a vast scale . So let 's go back to Jesus and Pope Francis and their concerns . Do people on the other end of this inequality equation really fare better ? Does wealth make you happy ? Jesus certainly did n't think so , as the Baptist thinker Alan Bean has recently noted . He writes : "  The American marriage between market capitalism and American evangelical piety makes Jesus impossible . His words are inconvenient at best and heretical at worst . " Wow . Bean has spoken frankly and bravely here . He points to a fascinating new study from the Journal of Experimental Psychology . Three Canadian neuroscientists have suggested that being rich and powerful actually makes you less happy and , even worse , unable to sympathize with the poor . They find that the rich and powerful among us show less brain activity in that region of the brain where human sympathy is excited . "  Power diminishes all varieties of sympathy , " explains Dacher Keltner , a social psychologist at the University of California , Berkeley , in a recent interview on NPR . Conversely , those who feel poor and marginalized in society show a great deal of sympathetic activity . The ability to sympathize with those around us seems crucial to our survival , and it 's connected to the mirroring functions of the brain . As the research now suggests , the richer and more powerful we feel , the deader will be that area of our brain where this crucial activity , which generates empathy , occurs . In fact , power fundamentally changes the way we respond to those around us . Is it any wonder that when a rich young man came to Jesus asking for spiritual guidance , Jesus said : "  If you wish to feel complete , go and sell your possessions and give to the poor , and you will have treasure in heaven . "  Matthew 19:21  . The young man "  went away grieving , " as he had so much property and did n't want to let go of anything . But letting go is essential to our own happiness as well as the world 's economic equilibrium . Jesus , Pope Francis and brain scientists would agree on this . It 's a hard teaching , but it 's important .	Jay Parini : Jesus , Pope Francis , scientists address question : Does money make you happy ? New study says wealth , power bad for your mental health -- as Jesus knew He says the Pope , in his South Korea trip , said we must redress inequality Parini : Study finds too much wealth suppresses part of brain that causes empathy
CNN  -- The president of Liberia spoke Friday on the sexual assault of an 8-year-old Liberian refugee in Phoenix , Arizona , decrying reports that the parents believe their family has been shamed by the girl . President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf says the girl , her family and the alleged rapists should receive counseling . "  This is not a question of shame on the family . It is the question of an assault on a young child . That can not be tolerated , " said President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , speaking by telephone . Police have charged four boys , ages 9 to 14 , in the case . The boys also are Liberian refugees . "  We are so saddened , " Sirleaf said . "  We are deeply distressed at this behavior on the part of our young Liberians and very saddened at this 8-year-old child who has been so victimized . " Phoenix police say the boys used an offer of chewing gum to lure the girl to a storage shed at an apartment complex on July 16 . There , they allege , the four boys restrained and sexually assaulted her . The 14-year-old was charged as an adult Thursday and will face two counts of sexual assault and one count of kidnapping . The other three boys were charged in juvenile court with sexual assault , and two of them also were charged with kidnapping , Thomas said . Speaking from Liberia , Sirleaf said the family 's reaction to the incident is wrong . "  They should help that child who has been traumatized , " she said . She suggested the family members "  need serious counseling because , clearly , they are doing something that is no longer acceptable in our society here . " She also called upon Phoenix authorities to counsel the alleged attackers . "  They have to pay the penalty , but we also want to make sure that they are counseled ... that they will have an opportunity to change and become useful citizens , not only in the United States but when they return home . " Detectives said the girl was placed in the custody of Phoenix child protective services after the attack because of her parents ' attitude toward her . "  The parents felt that they had been shamed or embarrassed by their child , " Phoenix police Sgt. Andy Hill said Thursday . Tony Weedor -- co-founder of the CenterPoint International Foundation , which aids Liberians in the United States and provides aid for those still in Liberia -- agreed with Hill . He said rape was not against the law in Liberia until 2006 . "  The family -LSB- believes they -RSB- have been shamed by her ... and they 're more concerned about that than the crime , " he said . Sirleaf said the family should not be concerned about that . "  Let me say very clearly that rape is a problem in Liberia also . There is a strong law regarding that , " she said . Milton Barnes , Liberia 's ambassador to the United States , said he also will step in to help the victim . "  Our primary concern is this child , " he said . "  We intend to work with the authorities and the family to make sure she is safe , protected and there is certain sensitivity exercised towards her . " Edwin Sele , the deputy ambassador , also responded to the incident . "  Having heard the story myself , I 'm outraged , " he said . "  In Liberia , the family and law enforcement officers would be embracing the victim . To hear that the family is not doing that , that should be an isolated case . " Hill said Thursday that protective services officers would "  determine what 's going to happen -LSB- to the girl -RSB- in the days ahead . "	President Sirleaf speaks about Arizona sexual assault of refugee , 8 Four boys , ages 9 to 14 , also refugees , are charged in the case Sirleaf says , "  This is not a question of shame on the family " Liberia 's ambassador to U.S. says he will join efforts to help the girl
CNN  -- We all know the slogans meant to express empathy and solidarity : "  We are Columbine . " "  We are all New Yorkers . " "  I am Trayvon Martin . " The "  We are Ferguson " messages have already begun , and we will likely see more . The well-intended connections seldom work . Most of us are not Columbine because most of us did not lose children in our community in a high school mass shooting . We are not all New Yorkers because only some of us experienced the aftermath of 9/11 at Ground Zero . I am not Trayvon Martin because I am not a black male . Are we Ferguson ? That 's a harder question . Ferguson has a median household income of $ 36,645 and an unemployment rate topping 13 % . And as the world now knows , Ferguson 's overwhelmingly white police force arrests blacks at a pace nearly four times higher than whites . On the other hand , although you would n't know it from most of the news coverage , Ferguson is also one of the most racially integrated municipalities in Missouri . It includes not only working-class blacks and white professionals , but also black professionals and working-class whites . And many of Ferguson 's residents bridge racial and socioeconomic lines in their neighborhoods . With all of its complexities , Ferguson does not sound like my world . I teach at Washington University , where most of my colleagues and students are white . I shop at mostly white places that feel safe and convenient . Most of the contentious issues in my mostly white neighborhood are about bike paths and trees . Many of you live in my world . It would be easy for those in my world to say we are not Ferguson . But highlighting our differences misses something important : We are part of the reason for the circumstances that it confronts today . We may not be Ferguson , but we helped make Ferguson . That we made Ferguson is reflected in politics and geography . Ferguson is one of dozens of municipalities nestled around St. Louis . Like many large urban areas in this country , each St. Louis municipality is separately incorporated with its own police force , schools and tax base . I pass through three of them to get to my local grocery store -- and Ferguson 's burned down QuikTrip is just seven miles from my workplace and house . In the best cases , these divisions create the possibility for good local government and communities where friendship and civic involvement can flourish . In the worst cases , they provide opportunities for self-interest and exploitation . St. Louis has some of the best ; it also has some of the worst . The worst cases are often tied to the issues of race and class . We made Ferguson because our choices reinforce racial and class divisions that manifest not only in cultures and attitudes , but also in schools , neighborhoods , churches and businesses . Many of us do not live in large urban areas . But we , too , made Ferguson because we 're complicit in a system of criminal justice that disproportionately harms black men , and therefore , the black community . We made Ferguson because we do not address the vast and growing injustices for America 's poor -- black and white . We made Ferguson because too many of us would rather tweet than get involved in the messiness of local politics and community building . The hard work of solving problems does n't happen from hashtag campaigns or writing blog posts and articles -- like this one . We made Ferguson because we have more tolerance for riots after sporting events than for citizens protesting injustice . We stand by and watch the government 's most egregious violations of our First Amendment rights when the protests are about the things that matter most . And that 's true not only of the initial police response to Ferguson , but also of the restrictions placed on many of the Occupy demonstrations , on some labor protests and in many other instances of political and religious dissent in recent years . Ferguson does not have any easy solutions . But we need to begin by talking about the problems in a more honest and self-reflective way . We need to start having the tough conversations that many of us too often avoid out of fear , ignorance or inconvenience . Some of us have been engaged in these conversations for a long time . But many of us , especially many people whose lives and neighborhoods and workplaces look a lot like mine , have not yet begun . Whether we 've already been talking or are just about to start , we need to risk awkwardness and misunderstanding as we stumble toward dialogue . And we need to extend grace to one another as we take those risks . But we ca n't just talk . We need to be willing to share time and experiences that lead to friendships , not just conversation partners . We might look to Ferguson to see what else must come next : learning about the issues , better supporting local businesses and nonprofits , expanding voter registration and voter education , monitoring local courtrooms and bureaucrats and holding accountable those officials who have used their power for harm rather than for good . We can do these things after the cameras go away and where the cameras have never been . We may not all put bodies on the line for the largely peaceful demonstrations . But we can put them on the line in the months and years to come -- by choosing to engage in the slow and difficult work of restoring communities . We owe at least that much to Ferguson and to all the Fergusons across our country .	John Inazu : Slogans like "  We are all Columbine " are n't true , nor is "  We are Ferguson " Inazu : Not all of us live in those circumstances , but we all made Ferguson come into being He says we reinforce racial and class divisions that affect neighborhoods , schools Inazu : We allow a system that disproportionately harms black men and neglects inequality
CNN  -- A suspected mumps outbreak in New Jersey is linked to a Jersey shore nightclub , officials say . The Monmouth County Health Department issued a statement on Thursday saying it is investigating 22 "  probable cases " of the contagious disease that is spread through saliva . Officials say 21 of those infected are adults who had recently been at D'Jais Bar & Grill in Belmar , a place that says on its website that it is "  one of the Jersey shore 's most talked about venues . " CNN was not able to reach D'Jais for comment on Thursday . It was not immediately clear how the one sick person not connected to D'Jais -- a child -- became infected . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says on its website that mumps "  typically starts with a few days of fever , headache , muscle aches , tiredness , and loss of appetite . " After that , symptoms include salivary gland swelling . There is no cure or specific treatment for mumps . The CDC says most people with mumps recover fully , although there can be complications .	22 people infected with "  probable cases " of mumps , officials say 21 of those linked to nightclub called D'Jais in Belmar There is no cure for mumps , but most people recover fully , CDC says
Hefei , China  CNN  -- The murder trial of Gu Kailai , the wife of a recently deposed top official in the Chinese Communist Party , has begun in the eastern China city of Hefei , local officials said Thursday . Gu and a family aide , Zhang Xiaojun , are accused of poisoning Neil Heywood , a British businessman who was found dead in the southwestern Chinese metropolis of Chongqing in November . The trial is the latest phase in the fall from grace of the prominent family of Bo Xilai , Gu 's husband , who until earlier this year had appeared destined to join the elite committee of leaders at the top of China 's ruling party . The saga has become the most sensational Chinese political scandal in recent years , creating an extraordinary set of challenges for the central government as it prepares for a once-in-a-decade leadership transition later this year . Heywood , a 41-year-old British citizen , was found dead in a hotel in Chongqing , the city where Bo was the Communist Party chief . But the trial is taking place in Hefei , in Anhui province , more than 1,200 kilometers  750 miles  east of Chongqing , where lingering support for Bo and his family remains . "  This is definitely more than a criminal trial , " said Wenran Jiang , a professor of political science at the University of Alberta . He added that the process is being closely watched for signs of what might happen to Bo , who is being investigated for "  serious discipline violations " after being removed from his Chongqing and party posts . Gu 's family had wanted to hire two prominent Beijing lawyers to represent her , but Chinese authorities have chosen two local attorneys to form her defense team , a family friend told CNN on Wednesday . The family is sending one of the attorneys -- along with another well-known Beijing attorney -- into the courtroom as observers , with the approval of the court , said the friend , who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the case . The cards appear to be stacked against Gu and Zhang , who are at the mercy of a Chinese court system that has been criticized by human rights advocates as being little more than a tool of the country 's powerful state security apparatus . "  In this trial , frankly speaking , nobody believes that it 's a totally independent judiciary and it will be judged just on the merits of the case , " Jiang said . "  It has been managed by the most senior level of leadership at every step . " The defendants have n't seen their relatives since they were arrested in early April , a friend of Gu 's family said last week . Bo has not been seen in public since he was stripped of his titles . When the murder charges were announced last month , Xinhua , the state-run news agency , reported that "  the facts of the two defendants ' crime are clear , and the evidence is irrefutable and substantial . " If convicted , the two could face the death penalty . The Xinhua report said that Gu and the couple 's son , Bo Guagua , had "  conflicts " with Heywood "  over economic interests . " It alleged that Gu and Zhang had poisoned the Briton because Gu was worried that he was "  threat to her son 's personal security . " International media reports have speculated about the nature of Heywood 's work in China and his ties to the Bo family . He had lived in China for more than a decade and was married to a Chinese woman . Among the companies he advised was a consulting firm founded by former officers of the British spy agency MI6 . Bo Guagua , 24 , said in an e-mail Tuesday that he had submitted a witness statement to the defense team for his mother . "  I have faith that facts will speak for themselves , " wrote Bo , who graduated from Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government in May . He previously attended Oxford , graduating in 2010 . His illustrious education is an indication of the influence and ambitions of his family , which is now engulfed by scandal . As the son of Bo Yibo , one the "  eight immortals " of the revolution that created modern China , Bo Xilai was considered a strong contender for promotion into the Standing Committee of the party 's Politburo , whose nine members decide how to run China . He stood out as one of China 's most dynamic and controversial politicians , notably for his populist policies in Chongqing that promoted Chinese Communist culture and aimed to crack down on organized crime . Gu is also descended from a revolutionary hero : Maj. Gen. Gu Jingsheng , a prominent military figure . Fluent in English , she is a lawyer who took a leading role in a legal battle in the United States involving several Chinese firms . She eventually won the lawsuit for the Chinese companies and later wrote a book about it . As well as being involved in her most notable professional triumph , the United States has also played a role in her undoing . The case she is now facing may never have come to light had it not been for an extraordinary series of actions by Wang Lijun , Bo 's longtime lieutenant . Officials had quickly blamed Heywood 's death on excessive alcohol consumption , and his body was cremated without an autopsy . But on February 6 , Wang , the former police chief who had run the anti-crime push in Chongqing that helped to build Bo 's reputation , sought refuge at the U.S. Consulate in nearby Chengdu . He wanted political asylum and apparently feared for his life . Media reports and online posts have claimed that he had clashed with Bo after suggesting that Heywood had been poisoned amid a business dispute with Gu . He gave information about Heywood 's death to U.S. officials before he left the consulate and was taken into custody by Chinese security forces . The British government was made aware of Wang 's comments and made a formal request to the Chinese authorities to investigate the case on February 15 . A month later , Xinhua announced that Bo had been removed as party secretary of Chongqing . And less than a month after that , Gu and Zhang were arrested . The case has forced the Communist leadership to confront allegations of wrongdoing by a high-ranking member in an unusually public way , according to Douglas Paal , a top China analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington . "  The disruption of his departure from office and his wife 's crimes have made it difficult to present a facade of unity to their people , " Paal said . That united front has been key to ruling China for 2,000 years , he said . The current generation of leaders has been particularly sensitive to maintaining it since 1989 , when the party hierarchy split over how to deal with the pro-democracy demonstrations in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square . CNN 's Jaime A. Florcruz , Jethro Mullen , Jason Kessler and Matt Smith , and journalist Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report .	The trial gets under way in the eastern city of Hefei , officials say Gu Kailai and a family aide are accused of murdering a British businessman Gu 's husband , Bo Xilai , is a former top official who has been stripped of his posts The defendants have n't seen their families since April , a friend says
Zurich , Switzerland  CNN  -- As rail travel grows ever more popular in Switzerland , the country 's most important rail station is undergoing a bold transformation to keep up with increasing demand . The Swiss are among the world 's top train travelers , second only to the Japanese . Last year , the average Swiss person traveled about 2,000 miles by rail ; most of those journeys happened during the morning or evening rush hour . Passenger flows have increased by 30 % over the last seven years and 350,000 people now use Zurich 's central train station every day . "  You can say the Swiss are train addicts , " says Daniele Pallecchi , of Swiss Railways . He adds : "  Within the last seven years we had a big increase of passengers using the trains in Switzerland and here in Zurich as well and we need more capacity on the rails and on our trains . So we are building now the cross-city link . "  The cross-city link ensures bigger capacity and shorter time of traveling . " More video : How Swiss trains run like clockwork When finished , Zurich 's cross-city railway line will be over six miles long and will form an integral part of the Swiss network 's inter-city axis . It is Switzerland 's biggest urban project . At its heart is the new underground "  through " station -- or "  L  wenstrasse " -- built beneath the main station . Here , two new platforms will serve four tracks that will eventually be connected to the main train station . Over the past four years men and machines have been digging under two rivers and a fully functioning rail hub , creating a hole the size of two football fields . "  It 's the most challenging job you can imagine , " says project director Roland Kobel . "  It 's not only railways ... almost every section of engineering is realized here : we have tunneling , we have open cuts , we have deep borings . " Kobel says between 500 and 700 people are working on the project at any time , building below ground while the old station continues to function above . Swiss Railway reps say that while work on the cross-city link continues full bore , 98.5 % of passengers still reach their destination on time . It 's estimated that as many as half a million people will use the station each day by 2020 . That 's why the cross-city link is crucial : once completed , in 2014 , it will match that increase by doubling the capacity of the station .	Last year , the average Swiss person traveled about 2,000 miles by rail Each day 350,000 people use Zurich 's central train station Zurich 's new cross-city rail link is Switzerland 's biggest urban project Cross-city link could double the station 's capacity
CNN  -- Florida law kept George Zimmerman from being held accountable in last year 's shooting death of Florida teenager Trayvon Martin , the teen 's mom said Friday . "  Wrap your mind around no prom for Trayvon , no high school graduation for Trayvon ... all because of a law -- a law that has prevented the person who shot and killed my son " from paying "  for this awful crime , " Sybrina Fulton said Friday afternoon at the National Urban League Conference in Philadelphia . Zimmerman , a former neighborhood watch volunteer , was found not guilty in the 17-year-old Martin 's death on July 13 . Father : Let 's turn negative energy into positive He fatally shot Martin in the Sanford , Florida , neighborhood where Zimmerman and Martin 's father lived in February 2012 . Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , had a confrontation with the unarmed African-American teen after calling police to report a suspicious person , and he said he shot Martin in self-defense . The case became a flashpoint in debates over racial profiling , and thousands attended vigils across the country over the weekend , decrying the verdict . Zimmerman juror to ABC : He ` got away with murder ' Fulton asked attendees of the National Urban League gathering Friday to use her "  broken heart " to ensure "  there are no more Trayvon Martins again . " "  My message to you is : Please use my story . Please my use my tragedy . Please use my broken heart to say to yourself , ` We can not let this happen to anybody else 's child , ' " she said . ` Boycott Florida , ' is n't so simple , experts say	Trayvon Martin 's mother addresses the National Urban League Conference Sybrina Fulton : Law prevented George Zimmerman from paying "  for this awful crime , " Zimmerman was found not guilty of murder in Martin 's 2012 shooting death Fulton : "  Use my broken heart " to prevent something like this from happening again
CNN  -- Sylvain Chavanel reclaimed the leader 's yellow jersey at the Tour de France after a bold attack in Saturday 's seventh stage gave him his second victory in this year 's 97th edition of cycling 's premier race . The Frenchman finished the 165.5-kilometer leg from Tournus to Station des Rousses ahead of Spaniards Rafael Valls Ferri and Juan Manuel Garate , having burned the reluctant chasing pack in the hot conditions . He claimed an overall lead of one minute and 25 seconds over Cadel Evans , the runner-up in 2007 and 2008 , who finished 14th in the 35-strong peloton -- who all came home 1:47 behind the Quick Step team rider . Previous leader Fabian Cancellara fell way off the pace as he finished more than 14 minutes behind Chavanel in 84th place , to be 58th overall with a deficit of 13:11 . Defending champion Alberto Contador was 13th to be sixth overall , 2:27 behind Chavanel , while seven-time winner Lance Armstrong is 3:16 adrift in what is his final attempt at the race . Canada 's Ryder Hesjedal moved into third place after finishing eighth , while Saxo Bank 's 2009 runner-up Andy Schleck was fourth overall after coming home in 20th . Sprint points leader Thor Hushovd finished back in 179th , while his main 2009 rival Mark Cavendish could not follow up Friday 's second successive stage win as he placed 161st . It was a good day for Quick Step as Jerome Pineau successfully defended his lead in the mountains classification , attacking in the opening kilometer and collecting first-place points at five of the six climbs before falling back to 44th . Pineau lead with 17km to go , but was caught by Chavanel at the foot of the final climb and the 31-year-old was not caught as the race favorites saved energy ahead of Sunday 's eighth stage into the mountains at Morzine-Avoriaz . "  I began to think of the yellow jersey on the last climb , and I told myself that after having lost , it was quite a coup to take it back again , " Chavanel , who also won a crash-marred second stage , told the Tour de France website . "  Tomorrow I will do everything to defend it , but I know that the battle will mainly concern Contador , Schleck and Evans . In the midst of it , I 'll always give everything but if I lose it does not matter . "  Right now I 'm on my little cloud , I 'm floating and I do n't know how else to describe it . But I see that I have great support on the road and everywhere . It warms my heart . " Evans said he was happy to let Quick Step attack ahead of a testing stage on Sunday . "  Tomorrow is the first day with really big climbs and another mountain-top finish , " he said . "  It 'll be another day where the main contenders look at each other , test themselves and we 'll see if someone really wants to lay it on the line and blow it apart -- for someone like Alberto or Lance , it 's probably in their interests to try and do that . For me it 's a case of see how they go and how I cope . "	Quick Step rider Sylvain Chavanel returns to top of Tour de France standings Frenchman wins his second stage of this year 's race , the seventh leg to Station des Rousses He leads two-time runner-up Cadel Evans by one minute and 25 seconds Previous leader Fabian Cancellara fell more than 13 minutes off Chavanel 's pace
CNN  -- Sudan on Wednesday blamed Israel for an airstrike that killed two people near the coastal city of Port Sudan . "  This is foreign aggression , " Foreign Minister Ali Ahmad Karti said . "  We know that it was an Israeli strike . " Karti said Sudan will be lodging a complaint with the U.N. Security Council . It was n't clear who was the target of the strike , which occurred Tuesday . One of those killed in the attack was a Sudanese citizen picking up a passenger who had arrived at the Port Sudan Airport , Karti said . The passenger 's identity is still unknown . Authorities have begun an investigation , he said . CNN got Karti 's comments from the Sudanese Foreign Ministry . The same remarks were made at a news conference "  We have no information that it would indicate there was a Palestinian in the car , as had been implied , " the foreign minister said . The Israel Defense Forces had no comment on the report . Israel has identified Sudan as one of the countries through which weapons are smuggled to Hamas and other militant groups operating in the Palestinian territory of Gaza , and to Hezbollah in Lebanon . Militants lately have stepped up their rocket attacks from Gaza into Israel . Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman told an Israeli reporter in 2009 that "  Iran is using all resources and footholds for shipping weapons to Lebanon , " and that includes Sudan . "  We have information from trusted sources that this is done , first and foremost , through Syria and Sudan , " he said . Karti said the attack "  is meant to implicate us in terror-related activities . " He argued that Israel does n't want Sudan removed from the U.S. list of state sponsors of terror . Sudanese authorities said that Israel struck a Gaza-bound arms convoy in Sudan two years ago , an attack that killed 39 people . CNN 's Nima Elbagir and Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	NEW : Foreign Minister says one of the dead was a Sudanese citizen NEW : Sudan says it will file a complaint with the U.N. Security Council Israel had no comment , but has implicated Sudan in weapons smuggling
CNN  -- In his first major cycling event since his doping admission , Lance Armstrong says he still anticipates fallout from the scandal that erased his Tour de France victories . But he 's "  a big boy " and can handle it . Armstrong admitted this year for the first time that he doped throughout his cycling career . His admission , after years of defiantly shunning such allegations , was followed by a brief disappearance from the limelight . The disgraced cyclist on Monday attended the Register 's Annual Great Bicycle Ride Across Iowa , his first major cycling event since his admission . In an interview with the Des Moines Register , he said the event 's attendees have been supportive . Froome : Cycling 's doping past wo n't overshadow Tour triumph "  I did n't expect a wave of hostility ... so far there 's not been any middle fingers , " he told the paper . "  But it may happen , and I 'm prepared for that . That 's just the nature of the story , and I understand that . " Armstrong admitted in January that he used an array of performance-enhancing drugs to fuel his seven Tour victories . Fast Facts : Performance-enhancing drugs in sport They included testosterone , human growth hormone and blood transfusions to excel in the highly competitive world of cycling , he said in an interview with Oprah Winfrey . Some cycling fans expressed feelings of betrayal after his admission , which included confessions that he bullied those who tried to bring the allegations to light . Others argued that his cancer survival story inspired millions and his charity , Livestrong , helped those battling the disease . But for many , he said , his doping remains a sensitive topic . "  I think it 's a polarizing topic for some people . I 'm not ignorant when it comes to that , " he told the paper . "  I know it was an unfortunate period in our sport . When I say period , I mean 10 , 15 , 20 years , and unfortunately for me , I came right smack dab in the middle of that period . " However , he told the paper , he was not prepared for the backlash that followed his admission . Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission "  The reaction and fallout was more than I expected ... but that 's life . I 'm a big boy . Again , a polarizing topic that left a lot of people stumped . It was n't a pretty time . I did n't invent it . I did n't end it . My bad for playing along . " Born in Texas , Armstrong , 41 , started professional cycling at a young age . But his sporting career ground to a halt in 1996 , when he was diagnosed with testicular cancer at age 25 . His 1999 Tour de France win seemed all the more extraordinary after he fought off a disease that had spread to his lungs , abdomen and brain . He went on to get more straight wins until 2005 . He then left the sport , only to return four years later and finish third . Armstrong was stripped of his Tour titles and banned from professional sports for life by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency . The man who exposed Lance Armstrong 's doping lies His reputation is in tatters , and the cycling victories that made him a legend are now wiped away . He has been asked to repay millions of dollars to a host of organizations , including the French Cycling Federation . However , his biggest concern is his five children and their reaction to his fall from grace . His youngest , ages 2 and 4 , are especially vulnerable , he said . "  They 're going to grow up into a time where everything is forever . Everything will be on YouTube ; everything will be cataloged . So forever , they 'll live with it , " he said . "  That 's my job to try and walk the line with them now . " Armstrong continues his ride Tuesday , his final day at the weeklong event .	"  I did n't invent it ; I did n't end it . My bad for playing along , " Armstrong says of doping Iowa appearance is his first public event on a bike since his doping admission in January He says his main concern is his children and their reaction to his fall from grace
CNN  -- A CNN team has been denied credentials to cover upcoming local elections in Venezuela . A CNN en Espaol correspondent and producer appeared Friday at the Ministry of Communications in Caracas , and an official told them their credentials were denied . When the crew asked for an explanation , the official said that "  they did n't understand why CNN needed to send an anchor to cover local elections when there are two correspondents accredited in Venezuela . " The CNN team , including reporter Fernando del Rincn , intended to travel to the state of Tchira , where the most violent protests erupted in February in the southwestern city of San Cristbal . Opposition Mayor Daniel Ceballos was accused of civil rebellion and conspiracy after the government said he failed to stop violent protests in his city . He was jailed in March and given a 12-month sentence . The city of San Cristbal has never had a pro-government mayor . San Diego Mayor Enzo Scarano was also jailed for 10 months after the government accused him of ignoring an order given by the Supreme Tribunal of Justice to stop the protests . The wives of both the mayors are running in the municipal elections Sunday . Ceballos ' wife has no political experience , while Scarano 's spouse is a city councilwoman . CNN has been reporting on the protests since February when the attempted rape of a young student on a San Cristbal university campus galvanized students , who took to the streets to speak out against crime , shortages , blackouts and a dire economic situation . Students were jailed and , in solidarity , protests began in other cities . In the course of CNN 's coverage of the protests , del Rincn has been criticized by both President Nicolas Maduro and the president of the National Assembly , Diosdado Cabello . An investigative piece by CNN showed that Cabello lied about alleged weapons found at a retired general 's home . The picture that he used as evidence of the weaponry was of a gun shop in Wisconsin . Human Rights Watch voiced concern in February that Venezuela was censoring the news media and highlighted Maduro 's efforts to take CNN off the airwaves . Clashes between anti-government protesters and security forces have left more than 40 people dead and around 800 injured since February , according to officials . Maduro has said protesters are "  fascists and extreme right thugs " who are trying to destabilize the government to promote a coup . Protesters call Maduro a dictator who has ruined the Venezuelan economy with failed socialist policies .	CNN 's Fernando del Rincn and his producer are denied accreditation in Venezuela The CNN team intended to cover municipal elections in San Cristbal , scene of protests CNN has been criticized by Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro for its coverage Students first took to the streets to protest in San Cristbal in February
CNN  -- Environmental activist Philippe Cousteau is to explore the Arctic with CNN to show how scientists in the wilderness are studying climate change in one of the coldest places on the planet . For "  Extreme Science " Cousteau will see first-hand how they operate in brutal sub-zero temperatures , severe storms and high winds , collecting data on water and ice while living in a tent village on the ice . And while he 's there between March 23 and April 4 he 'll try to answer your questions about life at the top of the world and how the work there can impact everyone 's lives . Scientists are using new radar technology to measure the thickness of sea ice without the need to dig holes . Their work will try to determine just how fast the ice is melting and what will be the effects on weather patterns , ocean currents and marine life . Cousteau , grandson of the legendary Captain Jacques Cousteau , will be CNN special correspondent inside the Arctic Circle . He is the CEO of Earth Echo International -- a non-profit organization dedicated to educating youth about environmental issues . He is also co-founder of Azure Worldwide , a strategic environmental design , development and marketing company . Cousteau , 31 , reported last year for CNN International on the Gulf oil spill and has hosted green-themed specials . He founded and co-chairs the Gulf Action Network for the Clinton Global Initiative and has testified to the U.S. Congress on ocean management and off-shore drilling . He is also chief ocean correspondent at Discovery 's Animal Planet and hosted "  Ocean 's Blue , " a Discovery/BBC collaboration last year . Publications from "  Sport Diver " and "  National Geographic " have published Cousteau 's stories from around the world . He serves on the Board of Directors of The Ocean Conservancy , the Marine Conservation Biology Institute , and the National Environmental Education Foundation .	Philippe Cousteau will lead the three-person CNN team to the Arctic He has previously worked on CNN environmental specials and from the Gulf oil spill Cousteau is also chief ocean correspondent at Discovery 's Animal Planet He is the grandson of the legendary Captain Jacques Cousteau
New York  CNN  -- The Detroit City Council passed a financial consent agreement Wednesday evening with a 5-4 vote , which grants the city the power to void contracts and slash costs but not provide state funding or loans to bail the city out of its financial problems . City and state officials avoided a Thursday deadline to save the city from the threat of looming financial insolvency or a takeover of city government by Michigan . The consent agreement was backed by Mayor Dave Bing and Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder . The deputy mayor of Detroit , Kirk Lewis , signed off on the consent agreement on behalf of Bing , who is recuperating from a hospital stay . Snyder issued a statement shortly after the vote and commended the council for acting "  responsibly , " but said there is still work to be done . "  The magnitude of the city 's financial challenges means that many difficult decisions lie ahead , " the governor said . "  We must build on this spirit of cooperation and be willing to act in the city 's long-term interests . " The review team voted to accept the agreement before the city council met . Fierce opposition from unions -- in a city that remains a bastion of labor power -- threatened to stymie efforts to pass the rescue package . If the city council did not agree on the deal , Snyder could have , by law , appointed an "  emergency manager " who would have assumed the powers of the mayor and council to run day-to-day operations . The city council was under pressure from the public and city unions to reject the deal with the state . At the same time , it would lose its powers if Snyder went ahead and named an emergency manager . The only action it has taken this week to deal with the crisis was to double the city 's corporate income tax to 2 % . Years of decline in population and businesses and a shrinking of the tax base have pushed Detroit into a deep financial hole despite a recent resurgence in the U.S. auto industry . Without more cost cutting , the city wo n't be able to pay its bills come June . An estimate in January , the most recent available , was that the city would be down to $ 20.9 million in the bank by the end of this week . An emergency manager would have had the authority to void contracts with unions and vendors . He or she could also sell off various city assets , from the water department to valuable art in the city 's museum . As the debates , negotiations and lawsuits raged this week , they did so without Bing , who was recently released from the hospital after serious intestinal surgery and wo n't return to work for two weeks . Both Bing and Snyder said they want to avoid a state takeover , which in itself could be the first step toward the largest municipal bankruptcy in the nation 's history . While Detroit continues to struggle financially , the U.S. automakers based in or near the city have enjoyed a financial resurgence . General Motors reported a record profit in 2011 . And a pick up in auto sales and hiring has led to a nearly two-point drop in Michigan 's unemployment rate over the last 12 months , the biggest improvement of any state . CNN 's Jordana Ossad contributed to this report .	City faces insolvency ; vote prevents Michigan state takeover Without more cost cutting , the city wo n't be able to pay its bills come June City of Detroit struggling , but its automakers enjoying financial resurgence
CNN  -- A Texas man who is a self-proclaimed supporter of Anonymous says he 's joining the hacking ring 's purported fight against one of Mexico 's most violent drug cartels . Barrett Brown , 30 , told CNN that in the next two days he expects to receive thousands of e-mails naming alleged Zetas drug gang affiliates that he 's been told were taken by hackers from a Mexican government website . "  It 's possible this is all a big hoax ,  but  I 'm more involved in this because of the possibility of striking a blow against the Zetas . ... The issue to me was more about how do we do this operation . I 'm intent on what we could do with the information when we release it , " Brown told CNN in a telephone interview Thursday . The Dallas resident , who describes himself as a former member of Anonymous and has frequently spoken publicly about his involvement in Anonymous activities , posted a YouTube video Wednesday explaining why he planned to join the effort . "  I 've decided to support the operation , which I understand is controversial for a number of reasons . In this case , there are lives hanging in the balance , in that those who are identified are likely to be killed , " Brown says in the video , leaning back in a leather desk chair as he smokes a cigarette . He told CNN he learned about the so-called OpCartel after Mexican members of Anonymous reached out to him in an online chat forum . In the video , Brown says he wants to help Mexicans in their effort to stop cartel violence . The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration says more than 43,000 people have died in drug-related violence in Mexico since December 2006 , when President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels . Some Mexicans have decided to take matters into their own hands , Brown says , doing what they can to stop the Zetas . Is Mexican cartel the next ` Anonymous ' target ? "  It 's Mexicans themselves who started this operation , who conceived it . It 's not a bunch of stereotypical computer geeks sitting somewhere else in safety . These are people on the ground , " he says . The purported threat against the Zetas began in early October with an online video of a masked man warning that the names , photographs and addresses of cartel supporters in the Mexican state of Veracruz can be published "  if necessary . " The video demanded the release of a member of Anonymous who had allegedly been abducted by the Zetas in Veracruz . A website purporting to be an official site connected with Anonymous in Latin America said early Friday the person who had been abducted had been released , "  bruised ... -LSB- but -RSB- alive and well " . CNN could not verify that the abduction took place or that the alleged kidnap victim had been released . A Veracruz government spokeswoman said no such kidnapping complaint had been registered with local officials . This week , another video purportedly from Anonymous surfaced , vowing to continue the campaign -- but warning of the possible risks . "  This is not a video game . It 's a dangerous operation that puts at risk the lives of you and your loved ones . Do n't identify yourself as a member of Anonymous . You should never do it , but even less right now , " a masked man in that video says . It 's unclear whether Anonymous is behind either online video , or what the organization plans to do . The hacking group has no clear leader and no central official website . The website claiming to be an official site connected with Anonymous in Latin America also said Friday that no information on the Zetas would be released -- for now . "  A message has been sent to us , that if Anonymous reveals a name related with the cartel , the family of the kidnapped Anonymous member will suffer the consequences , for every cartel name that is revealed , 10 people will be put to death . ... The collective Anonymous has decided by consensus that the information that we have available will not be revealed for the time being , now that we understand that we can not avoid the threats that involve innocent civilians that do n't have anything to do with our actions , " the site said . But other online posts -- which CNN was also able to independently verify -- have said the operation is moving forward . "  Looking over the forums of Anonymous discussions , it is clear that there has been disagreement over whether or not to pursue and publicize information on the cartels , " Ben West , a tactical analyst for the STRATFOR global intelligence firm , wrote in an e-mail to CNN Thursday night . "  Many Anonymous members seem to be aware of the threat that the Mexican cartels pose and seem disinclined to risk the consequences of incurring the cartels ' wrath . " Earlier Thursday , a security analysis from the intelligence firm said it seemed likely that some members of the organization would move forward with the purported plan . "  Anonymous ' collective nature means activists can select the actions they participate in , including Operation Cartel . It would only take one dedicated individual to continue the operation , " the analysis said . Brown , the Texas man , said he planned to use a computer database to methodically sift through the e-mails he receives , verify them with the help of an experienced journalist and a cartel expert and then possibly release names -- or entire e-mails -- in small batches over time . "  If we have 100 names , we 'll release 30 or 40 names that seem right , " he told CNN . Brown 's online video -- which showed his face and was posted under his own name -- is notably different than many Anonymous posts , which commonly feature men in Guy Fawkes masks . He told CNN Thursday that he was not afraid to come forward . "  I do n't feel I should be . I should have the right and the ability as someone who is a fairly public person to work to ID criminals in a foreign country without having to worry about being murdered , " he said . Brown also said he had weighed the possibility of wrongly identifying someone , or causing killings . "  Both my grandfathers were bombers in World War II  and  they killed innocent people and did it with less information . I 'm more confident about the ratio . I 'd be surprised if many people  in the e-mails  were incorrect , " he said . While whether -- and who -- Anonymous planned to attack remained unclear , some self-proclaimed members of the group were already declaring at least one victory . Last week and this week a former Mexican state prosecutor 's website was apparently hacked , with bold letters stating he "  is Zeta . " Late Thursday night , the website featured a picture of a Mexican Day of the Dead offering and the words , "  Anonymous Mexico OpCartel continues . " In the past few years , Anonymous has taken credit for disrupting a number of prominent websites , including those of PayPal , Master Card , Visa and the Church of Scientology . In September , the group claimed it was targeting the Mexican government , launching attacks on a range of official websites , including those of Mexico 's defense and public safety ministries . The Zetas started with deserters from the Mexican Army , and quickly gained a reputation for ruthless violence as the armed branch of Mexico 's Gulf cartel . It split off into a separate drug-trafficking organization last year . In recent months , the Gulf coast state of Veracruz has become a frequent site of clashes between armed groups as drug-related violence grows . In September , 35 bodies were abandoned in a roadway during rush-hour traffic in a popular tourist area there , two days before a meeting of high-ranking state prosecutors and judges . CNN 's Rene Hernandez , Doug Gross and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : A website claims an alleged abduction victim has been released NEW : The website also says Anonymous is not releasing information for the time being Barrett Brown says he expects to receive e-mails naming Zetas affiliates Analyst : Inside Anonymous "  there has been disagreement " about the purported plan
CNN  -- Pakistani authorities dispatched Navy helicopters Thursday to alert fishermen near Karachi and parts of Balochistan to the expected arrival of Cyclone Phet and to urge them to return to shore , the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan reported . Navy units were on high alert should they be needed in the aftermath of the cyclone , which had already started striking the coast of Oman . Fourteen families marooned Thursday by high tides were evacuated by helicopter to higher ground , said Pakistani Chief of Naval Staff Adm. Nauman Bashir . Civilians along Pakistan 's coast will receive priority in the relief effort , dubbed "  Operation Madad , " should it be needed , he said . The Pakistan navy secured its ships near the threatened areas , Deputy Chief of Naval Staff  Operations  Vice Adm. Abass Raza told reporters in Islamabad . "  All the assets of Pakistan navy are safe and necessary precautionary measures have been taken to ensure their safety in case cyclone Phet hits the coastal areas of country , " he said . In neighboring India , the Indian Meteorological Department called Phet a "  very severe " cyclone and said it had remained nearly stationary Thursday over the west-central Arabian Sea . In a posting at 11:30 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  on its website , the department said Phet was centered about 1,000 kilometers  621 miles  southwest of Karachi , Pakistan , and 350 kilometers  217 miles  south-southeast of Sur , in Oman . Winds were sustained at 120 - 130 kilometers per hour  75 - 81 miles per hour  and were gusting to 140 kph  87 mph  . They were expected to retreat gradually to 70-80 kph  44-50 mph  by Monday . The department predicted the system would move Friday northward across the coast of Oman , then weaken gradually before emerging Saturday in the northwest Arabian Sea headed toward the coast of Pakistan . Seas "  will be rough to very rough " along and off the coast of Gujarat , India , and the north Arabian Sea , the department said .	Pakistani authorities alert fishermen near Karachi to dangerous seas Cyclone Phet already striking Oman 14 families evacuated to higher ground by helicopter
CNN  -- Veteran goalkeeper Hans-Jorg Butt has received his first international call-up since 2003 as Germany coach Joachim Low named seven players from Bayern Munich in a preliminary 27-man squad for the World Cup in South Africa . The 35-year-old Butt will be competing for a starting place with Schalke 's Manuel Neuer and Werder Bremen 's Tim Wiese as Bayer Leverkusen 's Rene Adler has been ruled out with a rib injury . Captain Michael Ballack , who plays for English club Chelsea , is the only man selected who does not feature in the German Bundesliga . Stuttgart 's Brazil-born forward Cacau is included , but his former clubmate Thomas Hitzlsperger misses out despite the absence of injured Leverkusen midfielder Simon Rolfes as he has not been playing regularly for his Italian club Lazio . "  This was a very difficult decision for me , " Low told reporters on Thursday . "  Thomas has never disappointed us and made a key contribution in helping us qualify . "  He is a reliable player , but he barely played in the last few months before he left Stuttgart and has also played very little at Lazio . " Low will reduce the squad to 23 by the June 1 deadline for submission ahead of the tournament 's kick-off 10 days later . Butt , who has won three caps , will not be able to feature in next Thursday 's friendly against Malta as he will be needed by Bayern in the German Cup final against Bremen in Berlin on May 15 . His clubmates Holger Badstuber , Mario Gomez , Miroslav Klose , Philipp Lahm , Thomas Muller and Bastian Schweinsteiger will also sit out the Malta game in Aachen along with Bremen 's Wiese , Per Mertesacker , Marko Marin and Mesut Ozil . The 21-year-old Badstuber has yet to win a cap for Germany and made his senior debut for Bayern in the first game of this season , covering at left-back despite being a central defender . Attacking midfielder Muller , 20 , will seek to add to his sole cap after also impressing this season , scoring the first hat-trick of his career in the 3-1 win over Bochum last weekend which effectively gave Bayern the league title . Ballack will also be away playing for Chelsea in the FA Cup final on May 15 , before joining the squad in Sicily with the Werder quartet , while the Bayern players will not be in camp until after the Champions League final on May 22 . Bayern , who had eight players in the squad that finished third on home soil four years ago , can complete the first leg of a potential treble by clinching the Bundesliga title this weekend , when Louis Van Gaal 's side face bottom club Hertha Berlin . Germany will face Hungary in Budapest on May 29 and then Bosnia-Herzegovina in Frankfurt on June 3 before heading to South Africa . Germany squad : Goalkeepers : Manuel Neuer  Schalke 04  , Tim Wiese  Werder Bremen  , Hans-Jorg Butt  Bayern Munich  . Defenders : Dennis Aogo  Hamburg  Jerome Boateng  Hamburg  , Arne Friedrich  Hertha Berlin  , Philipp Lahm  Bayern Munich  , Per Mertesacker  Werder Bremen  , Marcell Jansen  Hamburg  , Serdar Tasci  VfB Stuttgart  , Holger Badstuber  Bayern Munich  , Heiko Westermann  Schalke 04  , Andreas Beck  Hoffenheim  . Midfielders : Michael Ballack  Chelsea  , Marko Marin , Mesut Ozil  both Werder Bremen  , Piotr Trochowski  Hamburg  , Sami Khedira , Christian Traesch  both VfB Stuttgart  , Toni Kroos  Bayer Leverkusen  , Bastian Schweinsteiger  Bayern Munich  . Forwards : Cacau  VfB Stuttgart  , Mario Gomez , Miroslav Klose , Thomas Mueller  all Bayern Munich  , Stefan Kiessling  Bayer Leverkusen  , Lukas Podolski  Cologne  .	Bayern Munich keeper Hans-Jorg Butt named in Germany 's preliminary squad for World Cup Butt last played for Germany in 2003 but recalled after injury to Rene Adler Coach Joachim Low named seven Bayern players in his 27-man squad He will reduce it to 23 by the start of June before the team go to South Africa
CNN  -- In response to Russia 's invasion and annexation of parts of Ukraine , President Obama this week announced new sanctions against 11 Russian and Ukrainian officials . These sanctions , issued in concert with similar announcements by the European Union , are wildly disproportionate . Disproportionately small , that is . We are ignoring the lessons of history that demonstrate how unusual and unacceptable invasion and annexation are in the post-World War II era . Russia has unleashed a process of domination and annexation that will lead to territorial acquisition by force . Although this has been roundly condemned rhetorically by many world leaders , including our own , the paltry international response thus far indicates that this aggression is not being taken seriously enough . We do not live in a Napoleonic age when force of arms determines boarders . The United Nations has codified the modern view of the international community -- a view that utterly rejects ancient practices of conquest by force . Further , forceful international reaction to banditry like that of Russian President Vladimir Putin provides the opportunity to reinforce the new norm and the strength of feeling followed by the commitment to enforce it . The sanctions announced by the Obama administration and our European allies not only fail to measure up to those new standards , but this rap on a few knuckles will surely encourage the Russian aggressors and alarm its neighbors . There are no more than 20 instances of attempted aggression , invasion and annexation since the end of World War II . North Vietnam 's conquest of South Vietnam in 1975 followed two decades of war attempting to resist it . Timor was annexed by Indonesia in 1975 , leading to two decades of guerrilla war and eventual independence . The international community never recognized the annexation , and vigorous UN peacekeeping and engagement was critical to solution . Morocco 's annexation of the Western Sahara has led to almost 40 years of war and continuous international efforts at negotiation . The invasion and annexation of Kuwait in 1990 led to a massive international effort to reverse that move , involving a half million American troops . Argentina 's invasion of the Falkland Islands in 1982 was met with full-fledged naval warfare by the forces of the United Kingdom . Russia 's invasion of Ukraine and imminent territorial annexation must be viewed in this historical context . The bogus referendum this past weekend fools no one . The international response so far is to deny visas to a small group of Russian officials and deny them access to whatever property they have stashed abroad . This simply is not enough . Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , and I introduced a resolution earlier this month outlining specific steps we believe the administration should take to sanction and isolate Russia . The full Senate unanimously supported that resolution , yet the administration has chosen to take none of these steps . Last week I asked Secretary of State John Kerry if the State Department is considering any of the recommendations we put forward , ideas backed by all 100 United States Senators . His reply was dismissive and nonresponsive . Sanctioning a handful of Russians most responsible for this aggression is a good first step , but too little to influence a change in the Russian position . Much more needs to be done . There is strong bipartisan support for more forceful economic sanctions than what the administration announced on Monday . We must take more meaningful -- and more properly proportionate -- steps to respond to this outrage of aggression . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sen. Dan Coats .	Sen. Dan Coats argues that recent sanctions against Russia are not enough U.S. , EU actions following the Crimea occupation wo n't deter Putin , he says We are ignoring the lessons of history , Coats says
Guatemala City , Guatemala  CNN  -- The two top candidates in Guatemala 's presidential race are headed for a runoff after tallies Monday revealed neither had secured enough votes to win the election . Otto Perez Molina , a retired army general who pledged to take a tough stand on crime , garnered the most votes in Sunday 's elections . With almost all of the ballots counted Monday night , Perez Molina had 36 % of votes -- far short of the more than 50 % needed to win outright . His closest competitor , businessman Manuel Baldizon , had 23 % of votes , said Guatemala 's election authority . Observers from the Organization of American States criticized Guatemalan election officials ' apparent disorganization and slow vote-counting after Sunday 's election , the state-run AGN news agency reported . The watchdogs said they hoped the process would improve in the second round of voting , scheduled for November 6 . Dealing with widespread violence and the growing threat of organized crime figured heavily in the campaigns of all 10 candidates vying for the presidency . Baldizon championed a crime-fighting plan called "  Security Now ! " Campaign posters for Perez Molina , who led in polls before Sunday 's election , featured a clenched fist . The 60-year-old retired general pledged to bring a "  mano dura " -- firm hand -- to Guatemala 's highest office . In a debate co-hosted by CNN en Espaol last month , Perez Molina called for "  elite units of the army " to play a larger role in the nation 's battle against gangs and drug cartels . But that proposed approach -- and Perez Molina 's high rank in the military during Guatemala 's decades-long civil war -- worries human rights groups both in Guatemala and abroad . "  These groups have begun questioning his military past and his participation in the war against the insurgents during the armed conflict . Undoubtedly , this issue will be present during his presidency if he wins the elections , " said Miguel Castillo , a political analyst at Guatemala 's Francisco Marroquin University . Concerns stem from the fact that the Guatemalan military committed multiple atrocities during the civil war , though Perez Molina has never been directly implicated in any of them , Castillo said . Perez Molina is campaigning for president for a second time . He was defeated in 2007 by incumbent President Alvaro Colom . "  We would have liked to win in the first round , but we are prepared with a revision of plans and strategy to face the second phase of this electoral process , " he said early Monday , according to AGN . First-time candidate Baldizon , 41 , also said he was ready for the next round , AGN reported . The businessman and attorney , who is running under the banner of the Leader Party , has energized young people . His campaign slogan was "  Only the people can save the people . " The youngest of all the candidates , Baldizon espouses a concept he calls "  renewed democratic liberty " in which all members of society have a role to play in seeking solutions to common problems . "  In order to change Guatemala , we need a president who 's really committed to our nation , with a calling for service , and who truly wants to change Guatemala , " Baldizon said . Poverty is endemic in Guatemala , and the country has one of the worst crime rates in Latin America . Forty-three percent of children under 5 are chronically malnourished . And the murder rate last year was 42 per 100,000 people -- one of the highest in the world . In a Vox Latina national survey in July , more than two-thirds of Guatemalans said violence was the issue that concerned them most , far outpacing the combined totals for the economy , unemployment , poverty and lack of education . This is only the fourth time that Guatemala has held presidential elections since peace accords were signed in 1996 , officially ending a civil war that devastated the Central American country for 36 years . The conflict left more than 100,000 people dead and a million refugees . The new president will take office in January . CNN 's Fernando del Rincon , Rafael Romo and Arthur Brice , and journalist Patzy Vasquez contributed to this report .	Retired Gen. Otto Perez Molina gets the most votes , but must face a runoff Businessman Manuel Baldizon is poised for a second-place finish The Organization of American States criticizes slow vote-counting Dealing with widespread violence has figured heavily in the campaign
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has had a tough year . Although he began in January well aware of the immense problems that second-term presidents have historically confronted , it still does n't seem that he was fully prepared for what was to come . The past 12 months have found the president struggling to protect his domestic policies from attack and to maintain control of the national agenda . Obama began the year enjoying the glow of his reelection against Mitt Romney . The year ended with his approval ratings plummeting ; more and more Americans reported that they did n't trust Obama . Many of the main items on his agenda -- tax reform , gun control , immigration reform , and climate change -- are languishing . What factors made this year so difficult ? The toughest challenge that President Obama faced has been the continuing ruthless opposition he has encountered on Capitol Hill . Congressional Republicans have maintained their aggressive stance toward the administration , using the legislative process to achieve their objectives . The most tangible example of this strategy has been their threat to not raise the debt ceiling to force the president into several weeks of confrontation over the budget . Even as their own party approval ratings plummeted , Republicans displayed a fierce determination to move forward with their strategy . Part of the problem stems from the fact that House Republicans play to their activist base , which will shape the primaries in their safe districts , rather than to independent voters . Tea party Republicans control enough of the House Caucus to force the speaker into their corner if he wants to keep his job . Although Obama held his ground on the final outcome of the debt ceiling battle , the budget brinkmanship consumed a huge amount of valuable political time . If Congress passes the current budget deal , it will create a temporary pause in the budget wars , but the battles have already taken their toll Republicans used other tactics as well . They stifled Obama 's federal judicial nominations and executive appointments , until Senate Democrats became so frustrated that they changed the filibuster rules  a true sign of desperation in the upper chamber !  . House Republicans refused to move forward with an immigration bill with bipartisan support sent to them from the Senate , and conducted many hearings about the president 's health care program trying to find scandal in a story about poor implementation . That brings us to Obama 's second challenge in 2013 , one that did not come from his opponents but the failures of management and organization of his own administration . After his health care program had survived judicial and legislative challenge , all eyes turned to see what the Affordable Care Act would look like when the government launched the federal online health care exchange on October 1 . The results were not pretty . The website was filled with problems . The system kept crashing when people tried to sign on . It gradually became clear that the site was not even prepared to disseminate the information about who purchased insurance to the insurers . Investigative stories soon revealed that high-level officials had been aware of these problems long before the web site went live , and failed to properly prepare . Two months later the administration was able to get the system running relatively smoothly , as far as we now know . But the embarrassment of the first weeks had its cost on American 's confidence in the program , as well as in the President . Political scientist Theda Skocpol has reminded us that Social Security policymaker Wilbur Cohen , an iconic figure in the 1950s and 1960s , once said that Medicare was 1 % inspiration and 99 % implementation . In a toxic political atmosphere , Obama caused huge problems for himself with the way that he handled the 99 % of the job . And Obama has continued to struggle in the politics of perception . This has been a weakness of this administration from the start of his first term . Obama is a politician who maintains an unending belief in rationality . He refuses to embrace the frenzied media environment where it is often difficult to tell fact from fiction . Since taking office , Obama has continued to hold firm to the idea that over time voters will pay attention to the facts , and that the candidate with the best argument will win . Sometimes , particularly on foreign policy , his outlook has proven to be correct . But on many other occasions he has seen how quickly the national conversation can shift as the president stood silent . When Obama persuaded Congress to pass an economic stimulus bill in 2009 , the administration did little to sell the program . Even though it was a modest program , heavily weighted toward tax cuts rather than government spending , conservatives branded it as a failed big-spending program that did nothing for the economy . When Congress passed a health care program in 2010 that left the private insurance system fully intact and avoided anything looking like a national health insurance plan , the White House stood still as Republicans defined the bill as big government gone wild . It was especially important that the White House respond aggressively this year before the rollout , but it did not . The public never got fully behind the law , let alone understood it . The President has also allowed small stories to shift public discussion . Most recently , he delivered a major address on inequality in America . The speech was meant to outline an agenda for the rest of his presidency and provide a framework for the policies that he would pursue . Within a few days of the speech , however , many reporters had refocused on new pseudo-scandals , such as the revelation that Obama once lived with an uncle who was almost deported as a result of a drunken-driving arrest . Administration officials might rightly complain that these kinds of stories have little to do with the underlying issues facing the nation , but they still reflect the kind of media environment all presidents face . From marketing their programs to fighting back against smaller scandals , the President 's team needs to do a much better job in the politics of information . In apparent recognition of this failing , the administration is adding John Podesta , Phil Schiliro , and Katie Beirne Fallon to the White House team . In the realm of national security , Obama also struggled in the face of the ongoing disclosures over the NSA surveillance program . Major leaks have revealed the extensive spying that the United States has undertaken within the United States and overseas , revelations that have angered many of the President 's supporters who had believed he would do things differently than President George W. Bush . The one area where the president has experienced slightly more positive outcomes are in foreign policy . In confronting a series of crises -- including Syria 's use of chemical weapons against rebels and Iran 's nuclear buildup -- Secretary of State John Kerry has put in place a series of temporary deals that aim to curb these threats . Although the verdict is out on both of these , and each deal can backfire on the administration if they do n't work out , for the time being the White House has calmed the storms . Obama 's supporters should hope that the tough moments of the year turn into learning moments for the President , hardening him for the coming year and giving him a better roadmap about how to push for his agenda in the upcoming year . They might take some solace from President Ronald Reagan , who enjoyed some of his most important accomplishments in his final years in office -- the signing of the INF Treaty with the Soviet Union -- as well as President Bill Clinton , whose approval ratings skyrocketed in his final years . The good news for the president is that there is time left to win back public support and build on his record for the history textbooks . He also can gain some optimism from the fact that he is facing a deeply divided Republican Party whose approval ratings are even worse than his . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : President Barack Obama suffered many reverses in 2013 He says the glow of reelection faded fast , as Obama faced relentless opposition from GOP in Congress Budget battles consumed valuable time , and the rollout of Obamacare was a major embarrassment , he says Zelizer : Diplomatic deals on Iran and Syria provided some progress , but they may not hold
CNN  Pope Francis used a punch to make a point about the limits of free expression , but he ended up on the defensive because of it -- with a Vatican spokesman saying it was "  in no way intended to be interpreted as justification for the violence and terror that took place in Paris last week . " The Pope made the gesture and accompanying remarks while flying from Sri Lanka to the Philippines , where he started a five-day visit Thursday . He did n't mention Charlie Hebdo , the satirical magazine that was targeted by terrorists after it depicted the Prophet Mohammed in cartoons , something that many Muslims find offensive . The Paris magazine became a terrorist target after publishing one such cartoon years ago , and after last week 's attack , it placed Mohammed on its cover , this time showing him crying and holding a sign with the rallying cry "  Je suis Charlie , " French for "  I am Charlie . " Still , even if he did n't explicitly name the publication , the Pope was clear that he was referring to the general debate over what 's happened in France , including how people might react if they feel someone made a slight to their religious faith . Everyone has not only the liberty , but also the obligation , "  to say what he thinks to help the common good , " Francis said . However , they should not do so if it offends people . And if someone does get offended ? The Pope made reference to Alberto Gasbarri , a man who organizes papal trips and was then standing next to him on the plane . "  If Dr. Gasbarri , a great friend , says a swear word against my mother , then a punch awaits him , " Francis said . "  It 's normal , it 's normal . One can not provoke , one can not insult other people 's faith , one can not make fun of faith . " While making this comment , Vatican Radio reported that the pontiff "  gestured with a pretend punch " directed at Gasbarri -- an action many journalists interpreted as a joke . Notably , in the same conversation , Francis steadfastly denounced the terrorists ' killings and the idea that anyone -- as the France attackers apparently did -- could pretend to justify such violence in the name of God . "  One can not make war  or  kill in the name of one 's own religion , " Francis said on his way to the Philippines . " ... To kill in the name of God is an aberration . " The Vatican later responded to a CNN question about the "  punch " remark specifically . In an email , Vatican spokesman Thomas Rosica told CNN that "  the Pope 's expression is in no way intended to be interpreted " as somehow justifying last week 's violence , and he pointed out that "  the Pope has spoken out clearly against the terror and violence that occurred in Paris and in other parts of the world . " "  The Pope 's words about Dr. Gasbarri were spoken colloquially and in  a  friendly , intimate manner among colleagues and friends , " Rosica said Thursday . "  His response might be similar to something each of us has felt when those dearest to us are insulted or harmed . " Rosica explained Francis ' remarks as consistent with his "  free style of speech , " a plainspoken and conversational approach that has earned him admirers . Such remarks "  must be taken at face value and not distorted or manipulated , " the Vatican spokesman said . In fact , the Pope has been one of the world 's most outspoken advocates for peace and against war since taking that position in 2013 . And what he said on the Manila-bound plane does n't change that , according to Rosica . "  Pope Francis has not advocated violence with his words on the flight , " the spokesman said .	Pope Francis throws a pretend punch to make a point about how offended people may respond He does so while talking about the France terror attacks and the debate over free expression A Vatican spokesman says Francis ' words did n't advocate violence or justify the attacks
CNN  -- A follower of the Unification Church set fire to herself and two others in South Korea Thursday , the local fire service said . Spokesman Song Sam-soo says the Japanese woman poured paint thinner on herself and a man , and another woman standing nearby was also injured . The man and woman suffered third-degree burns , while the bystander had second-degree burns , Song said . However , Steve Sakuwa from the Unification Church rejected the official account , saying , "  self-immolation is incorrect . " Sakuwa says the woman has a mental illness and was attempting to throw the liquid at a male pastor but accidentally doused herself as well . The incident took place in a village in Gapyeong , east of Seoul , where the church 's global headquarters is based . More than 25,000 followers are expected to convene here Friday for the one-year anniversary of the death of church founder , the Rev. Sun Myung Moon . It is one year by the lunar calendar . A self-declared messiah , Moon was a controversial figure . He founded the Unification Church in 1954 after the Korean War and was well known for officiating mass weddings . Critics accuse the church of being a cult . Unification Church founder Sun Myung Moon dead at 92 CNN 's Paula Hancocks reported from Tokyo , with journalist Soo Bin Park contributing to this report from Seoul .	A fire official says three people were burned The incident comes just before the anniversary of Rev. Sun Myung Moon 's death The Unification Church 's headquarters are in Seoul
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Hip-hop artist Soulja Boy faces a felony weapons charge after police say he was carrying a loaded gun in Los Angeles Wednesday . The 23-year-old rapper , whose real name is DeAndre Cortez Way , was arrested after a Los Angeles police officer pulled over a car in which he was a passenger , police spokeswoman Rosario Herrera told CNN . Soulja Boy was booked into a San Fernando Valley jail , but freed after posting a $ 35,000 bond Wednesday afternoon , according to jail records . The traffic stop happened on a residential street in the Granada Hills area of the San Fernando Valley at 4 a.m. , Herrera said . He was arrested on felony weapons and drug charges during a traffic stop on a Georgia interstate in October 2011 . Police said they found a "  felony amount " of marijuana and firearms in his rented SUV . The local district attorney in Carroll County , Georgia , declined to prosecute the case because federal prosecutors took it over , according to a spokesman for the district attorney . The U.S. attorney 's office in Atlanta did not immediately respond to a CNN question about the status of the case . Rapper Young Jeezy arrested ... again	NEW : Soulja Boy was freed after posting $ 35,000 bond Wednesday afternoon Los Angeles police stopped a car Soulja Boy was riding in early Wednesday He was arrested on weapons and drug charges in Georgia in 2011
Montevideo , Uruguay  CNN  -- The tiny faces pressed against the airport window stare in wonder at the aircraft waiting for them at the end of the sky bridge : this is the plane that will take them to a new life . Syrian refugee Nassar and his family - he has five sons and five daughters , aged from three to 22 -- fled their home in Idlib as the country 's bloody civil war took hold . Now , after almost three years of fear and uncertainty , they are on the move again , flying more than 12,000 km from their temporary base in Lebanon to a more permanent home on the other side of the world . "  Returning to Syria is not an option , " Nassar told CNN a day before he began the daunting 23-hour journey to Uruguay , where he and his children are being resettled at the invitation of the country 's President Jose Mujica . "  I 'm excited to go to Uruguay but I 'm also nervous . I 'm going because I want my kids to continue their education , " he said . "  Traveling to the other side of the world to find a new chance to live , this is not easy , " said Uruguay 's Human Rights Secretary Javier Miranda , who accompanied the group , along with a CNN team . "  They are very brave to choose a new destiny for their lives because they want to educate their kids with dignity . They deserve our help and they deserve the opportunity . " Uruguay has offered to take in up to 120 refugees to help with the humanitarian crisis sparked by the conflict in Syria . Nassar and his family are among the first 42 - five families -- to make the move . A second group is expected to follow by February 2015 . Together , they will live at Hogar San Jose , a Catholic home on the outskirts of the capital , Montevideo , for two months , learning Spanish and adjusting to a new culture before moving on . First though , they have to get there . It 's a lengthy and life-changing journey - from Beirut , via Frankfurt and Buenos Aires - and one filled with mixed emotions . After one final briefing from Pierre King , operations manager at the International Organization for Migration , which has organized the trip , and a last medical check-up , they are cleared to set off . For most of the refugees , it is their first time on a plane , so there is an air of excitement as well as of apprehension about what awaits them on arrival in Montevideo . Nassar 's eldest sons , Mohammed and Bassel are keen to learn all they can about their soon-to-be-adopted home , peppering me with questions when we first meet . "  What is life like there ? " "  What is the nature like ? " "  How can we live there and adapt quickly ? How can we make friends ? " "  What is the weather like there ? " "  Which places can we visit ? " They are all too aware that their first challenge will be the fact that they do n't speak Spanish , but both young men are desperate to continue their education , having been forced to abandon their university studies when they left Idlib . Inevitably , the conversation turns to football ; the brothers say they are looking forward to playing and watching it in Uruguay . Their favorite players ? Neymar , Messi , and -- of course -- Luis Suarez . As the plane makes its way across the vast South American continent , Nassar studies the flight 's interactive map on a screen . "  Hours have passed and we are still flying above Brazil ! " he says in amazement at the size and scale of the countries passing below . After a brief stop in Buenos Aires - a chance for the refugees to stretch their legs after more than 19 hours flying - they are finally on the last leg of the journey , a short hop to Montevideo . The children , by now familiar with the in-flight entertainment system , keep themselves occupied as they near their destination . Two of their fellow passengers , Uruguayans , greet the children with hugs and kisses after realizing who they are . "  We are very happy to welcome them to our country , " they told CNN . Eventually , tired but with broad smiles on their faces , the enthusiastic group of refugees emerges from the Air France flight at Montevideo 's Carrasco International Airport . They are greeted by President Mujica after their arrival . Mujica later told reporters he hopes more countries will follow Uruguay 's example and offer homes to Syria 's refugees . "  We must insist that the world moves in this direction ; we ca n't continue with statements on human rights and -LSB- saying -RSB- that we support human rights if later we do n't put our words into action , above all for the children . " According to the U.N. , there are more than 1.1 million Syrian refugees like Nassar 's family registered in Lebanon , while the country 's population is just over 4 million people . Lebanon 's Minister of Social Affairs , H.E. Rashid Derbas , and UNHCR 's Representative in Lebanon , Ninette Kelley , recently called for renewed investment in Lebanese infrastructure to help the country manage the influx of refugees from the Syrian conflict . "  Lebanon today faces an unprecedented challenge to manage both its own population and Syrian refugees , " said Kelley . "  The presence of over 1.5 million Syrians across Lebanon has directly affected the public and service sectors at the national scale , " Derbas explained . "  From Akkar all the way to the South , our towns and villages have been at the forefront of the humanitarian response to an incessantly escalating crisis . The inhabitants of these communities have opened their hearts and homes to the refugees . Therefore , the projects undertaken since 2011 have brought much needed breathing space to our communities and improved our lives and the lives of our Syrian kin . " Walking from the plane towards his new home , one of the children proudly showed off his football shirt , bearing Suarez 's number 9 . At last , he and his family have reached their final goal : a new country and a new life , leaving memories of war behind .	Five Syrian refugee families have been flown to Uruguay to begin a new life there The group are the first of up to 120 Syrians who will be resettled in the South American country Father-of-ten Nassar told CNN he was moving for the sake of his children 's education "  They deserve our help and they deserve the opportunity , " said Uruguay 's Human Rights Secretary
CNN  -- A judge set bond at more than $ 1 million Wednesday for a man who said , falsely , that he had a bomb at Florida 's Jacksonville International Airport . Zeljko Causevic , 39 , is charged with one count of making a false report about planting a bomb , and one count of manufacturing , possessing , selling or delivering a "  hoax bomb , " according to Jacksonville Aviation Authority spokesman Michael Stewart . He was arrested at the airport , which was evacuated late Tuesday as a result of the scare . The suspect appeared in court Wednesday . He wore a green jumpsuit and did not speak as the judge set his bond and next court appearance -- October 23 . There was no immediate public statement by an attorney on Causevic 's behalf . According to the FBI , authorities had first feared that a larger plot was under way . "  The confluence of these three events in a short time frame suggested perhaps a larger plot was unfolding , and made necessary a significant response to evaluate the situation as a whole , " the agency said in a statement Wednesday . The first event involved Causevic at a security checkpoint , where he indicated his bag contained a bomb . The second event unfolded when police approached a male suspect , who grew defensive and dropped a bag he was carrying . It was later determined that he had no connection to the initial threat . The man was arrested on unrelated charged , the FBI said in its statement . The third event involved a disruptive passenger on an out-bound flight . No arrests were made in that case , and it was also determined not to have anything to do with the other two incidents , the FBI said . After the airport was evacuated , some arriving flights were diverted and some passengers who were on planes that had already landed were taken to hotels . Hours later , officials issued an all-clear . "  We erred on the side of caution in terms of doing whatever 's necessary to make sure that everybody is safe , " said Stewart . Ex-TSA employee accused of making false threat at LAX on eve of 9/11 anniversary CNN 's Dana Ford , Josh Levs , Joe Sutton , Dave Alsup and Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	Suspect Zeljko Causevic , 39 , was arrested at the airport He appeared on court Wednesday Authorities had first feared that a larger plot was under way
CNN  F-16 fighter jets escorted two passenger planes into Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport on Saturday after a bomb threat made on Twitter was deemed credible , according to military officials . Southwest Airlines Flight 2492 and Delta Flight 1156 landed safely at the airport and were searched by bomb disposal units , according to airline officials . Nothing out of the ordinary was found , officials said . One runway was closed temporarily , causing delays for other flights as passengers on the two flights were questioned and their luggage was searched by bomb-sniffing dogs , officials said . Delta spokesman Morgan Durant said , "  It was a Portland , Oregon , to Atlanta , Georgia , flight . Delta is supporting the sweeping process carried out by authorities . " The Southwest flight was coming from Milwaukee , Wisconsin . The F-16 fighter jets were from McEntire Joint National Guard Base in South Carolina and returned to the base after the passenger planes landed . "  What you see is a very hefty response , " said CNN Aviation Correspondent Rene Marsh . Due to the current world wide terror threats "  no one wants to take the risk , " she said . Normal operations returned to Atlanta 's airport after nothing suspicious was discovered during the searches .	Both flights landed safely , nothing out of the ordinary was found on the planes Two F-16 fighters returned to their base in South Carolina after accompanying the planes to the Atlanta airport
CNN  Some of the U.S. military personnel being deployed to Liberia to help tackle the Ebola crisis may come into contact with the virus , a Pentagon official said Tuesday . Speaking at a press conference , the head of U.S. Africa Command , Gen. David Rodriguez , said that while the majority of U.S. troops involved in the mission would not be exposed to the disease , those in mobile testing labs could have contact in that environment . "  They 're all trained at a very , very high level , " Rodriguez told reporters of the lab personnel , who constitute a "  separate , specialty element of the force . " The Pentagon has sent three of these mobile labs to Liberia so far , and expects to send more in the coming months , according to Rodriguez . Each mobile lab is staffed by three or four service members , a fraction of the overall military presence in the country . Last week , Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby told reporters there was "  no expectation " that U.S. troops would be "  physically , geographically in a situation where that they should be exposed " to Ebola , though he admitted that risk to lab technicians is higher than the troops . On Tuesday , Rodriguez emphasized that , "  the health and safety of the team supporting this mission is our priority . " "  We will do everything in our power to address and mitigate the potential risk to our service members , civilian employees , contractors and their families , " he said . If a service member contracts Ebola while in Liberia , Rodriguez said they would be flown to the United States in a specially outfitted plane to a facility equipped to handle their case . Three American civilians who have so far contracted the disease while in West Africa were similarly evacuated . But the Pentagon insists they are taking all necessary precautions to keep personnel from becoming infected . Troops are completing special training before they deploy and will have to follow strict protocols in the field , which include frequent washing of hands and feet , as well as temperature-taking . They will also have to fill out questionnaires on their physical condition and any symptoms they might be experiencing . Up to 4,000 U.S. military personnel have been approved for deployment in this effort , which Gen. Rodriguez said would cost an estimated $ 750 million over a six month period .	Some U.S. personnel could be in contact with Ebola in West Africa , Pentagon official says Personnel are trained at "  very high level " for such contact , official says Official : Any U.S. personnel infected would be evacuated in specially equipped plane
CNN  -- Formula One world championship leader Fernando Alonso has warned his Ferrari team they must improve if he is to win the marque 's first drivers ' crown since 2007 . Alonso finished third at the Singapore Grand Prix , extending his lead at the top of the 2012 standings to 29 points with just six races of the season to go . But the two-time world champion knows Ferrari can not continue to rely on their rivals slipping up , after McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton was forced to retire from a winning position on Sunday . "  In the end it went well , but we definitely ca n't go on like this , " the Spaniard , who saw his nearest rival Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull take the checkered flag , told Ferrari 's official website . "  It ca n't always be the case that my closest rival retires , as has happened in the last two races and we ca n't think of carrying on to the end of the season with qualifying sessions like yesterday 's , when our performance was almost a second off the best . "  On track we manage to make the most of what we have , making few or no mistakes , thanks to great work from the team ; for that alone we deserve to be where we are in the classification . " Alonso , who qualified fifth fastest in Singapore , predicts tougher challenges ahead when the F1 season continues at similar Asian tracks . "  Probably this has been the most difficult circuit for us : we will find partially similar characteristics in Korea and Abu Dhabi , but I hope that by the time we get there , we will have found a way of improving the car . "  It was a very tough race physically , definitely the most tiring of the whole season ; three hundred odd kilometers in this heat and such high humidity is very stressful . " Vettel , the world champion in each of the last two seasons , has moved into second place in the championship standings , ahead of Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen in third position . Finland 's Raikkonen was the last driver to win the championship for Ferrari with his triumph five years ago . The next stop on F1 's world tour is the Japanese Grand Prix on October 7 .	Fernando Alonso warns Ferrari must improve if he is to win F1 title The Spaniard has a 29-point advantage at the top of the drivers ' standings Alonso finished Singapore GP in third place , after starting fifth on the grid The next Grand Prix is in Japan on October 7
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal became the second man to win four successive French Open titles on Sunday after crushing world No. 1 Roger Federer in straight sets in the final in Paris . The Spaniard triumphed 6-1 6-3 6-0 to hand Federer a third straight defeat in the final at Roland Garros , with the Swiss top seed still seeking to win the only Grand Slam crown missing from his collection . And the manner of his comprehensive victory left little doubt that Federer , who has won 12 other Grand Slam titles , may struggle for many years to come in his bid to defeat his nemesis . Second seed Nadal , who did not drop a set all tournament and has never lost at the clay-court event , matched the feat of Bjorn Borg 's four successive wins from 1978-81 . He moved to a 28-0 winning record at the tournament , having won 84 of 92 sets played . Nadal broke Federer in the opening game of the match , and needed only 32 minutes to wrap up the first set . Federer fought back in the second , but still succumbed within 50 minutes , and then saw Nadal race through the third set in less than half an hour to clinch a historic victory . Federer paid for his errors , having made 13 unforced mistakes to two by Nadal by the end of the second set . By that stage Federer -- who has struggled to reach his usual imperious high standards this year following a debilitating illness -- was kicking the dirt in frustration . He conceded the match with another long shot , which encapsulated his day , and must now turn his attentions to his beloved Wimbledon next month as he seeks to put behind him the disappointments of the year 's two opening Grand Slams . It was the first time Federer had been whitewashed in a set since 1999 on grass at Queen 's in England . Nadal has now won 11 of their 17 encounters , and 10 of 11 on clay , and will be seeking to continue his rivalry with Federer on his less-favored grass surface at the British event . He was presented the French Open trophy by six-time winner Borg . "  Sorry for Roger , but to win here is incredible and especially to win this tournament four times , " Nadal said . The 26-year-old Federer had been seeking to become the sixth man to win all four major events . "  I would like to have won more than four games but Rafa has played an incredible tournament and he fully deserves to win , " Federer said . "  But I 'll be back to try again next year and I am looking forward to the rest of this year . "	Rafael Nadal becomes second man to win four successive French Open titles Second seed crushes world No. 1 Roger Federer 6-1 6-3 6-0 in Paris final Nadal has beaten Federer in three successive finals at Roland Garros Spaniard matches Bjorn Borg 's effort of successive titles from 1978-81
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo is to play in a special benefit match for the victims of the Madeira floods and mudslides which have claimed the lives of at least 42 people . The world 's most expensive player has made himself available for a game between Portuguese champions Porto and a joint team from Madeira-based clubs Nacional and Maritimo . No date has yet been set for the match , but Ronaldo has said he will help in "  whatever possible way " after the tragic events of the weekend . Porto coach Jesualdo Ferreira added : "  Porto want to express their condolences for all that has happened and , as a club , do everything necessary to help Madeira . " Real Madrid forward Ronaldo was born and grew up in Madeira and has a special football center named after him , which is next to the Nacional stadium . The 24-year-old paid his own tribute after scoring the first goal in Real 's 6-2 rout of Villarreal on Sunday , lifting his shirt to reveal a t-shirt bearing the name "  Madeira " on the chest . "  Nobody can be indifferent to such a tragedy , especially me , " Ronaldo told the official Real Madrid Web site , www.realmadrid.com . "  I was born and raised on the island . It 's given me so much . This is why I want to make myself available to help in whatever possible way . "  I would like to help official bodies and organizations to minimize the effects of this great tragedy and to get over them as soon as possible . " Former World Player of the Year Ronaldo moved to Real Madrid from Manchester United in the summer for a record $ 120 million fee .	Cristiano Ronaldo to play in special benefit match for victims of the Madeira floods Ronaldo will turn out for a joint Nacional-Maritimo team against Portugal champions Porto Ronaldo was born and grew up on the Portuguese holiday island
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Ted Stevens repeatedly asked for invoices to cover home renovations and otherwise complied with Senate rules on accepting and reporting gifts of value , his defense attorney said in closing arguments Tuesday . Sen. Ted Stevens leaves the federal courthouse Tuesday evening with his daughter Beth Stevens . Stevens , 84 , has been fighting a seven-count indictment accusing him of filing false statements on mandatory financial disclosure forms . The jury is scheduled to begin deliberating Wednesday . In closing arguments , prosecutors said Stevens engaged in an elaborate scheme to accept thousands of dollars in gifts from Alaskan oil industry executive Bill Allen , who has admitted he tried to bribe state legislators , including the senator 's son . Stevens is not accused of bribery , but one prosecutor suggested he accepted gifts , concealed them from the public , and "  took care of Bill " -- referring to Allen , the founder of oil services contractor Veco Corp. . The trial has revolved around a construction project at the Stevens family chalet in Girdwood , Alaska , about 40 miles from Anchorage at the foot of a ski resort . Allen , starting in 2000 , helped organize labor , materials and subcontractors that doubled the size of the home . In his closing arguments , defense attorney Brendan Sullivan said the government failed to prove its case beyond a reasonable doubt , and that the jury should acquit Stevens on all counts . He noted Allen had testified that Stevens would have paid whatever bills were sent , but that he decided not to tell Stevens the full cost "  because I like Ted . " Allen also testified an Alaskan neighbor overseeing the home renovation said Stevens was "  just trying to cover his ass " in requesting invoices for the project . Prosecutors have said none of the evidence shows Stevens ever paid Allen or Veco , and that neither is named on the disclosure forms . The neighbor , Bob Persons , testified during the trial that he never made that remark . On Tuesday , the defense highlighted the contradiction against the testimony of the prosecution 's star witness , making it a theme throughout a series of correspondence in which Stevens continued to ask for a full accounting . "  If you 're covering your ass , " Sullivan told the jury , "  why , a month later , are you asking for the bill again ? " Prosecutors played a recorded phone call between Persons and Allen . "  Ted gets hysterical when he has to spend his own money , " Bob Persons told a mutual friend in the recording , which was played for jurors by Joe Bottini , the assistant U.S. attorney for Alaska . Stevens , who spends most of his time in Washington , gave Persons power of attorney so he could get the required building permit to work on the chalet Stevens has owned since 1983 . Persons also confided to Allen that he did n't believe Stevens had enough money to do the remodeling . Later Tuesday , the government made its final case . "  Wow ! " shouted prosecutor Brenda Morris as she stood to address the jury , "  Were we at the same trial ? Because the evidence I saw was totally different . " She urged the jury to find the senator guilty on all counts , saying the evidence shows "  Ted Stevens knowingly and repeatedly violated the law because he thought he was above the law . " The judge will remind the jury that Allen 's testimony against Stevens is part of a deal with prosecutors that could reduce his jail time when sentenced for attempted bribery . Morris , the lead prosecutor in the Stevens case , tried to bolster Allen 's standing as the jury prepared to deliberate . "  The only thing he 's guilty of with regard to this defendant is standing up and telling the truth " about materials and labor he arranged on the home improvement project , Morris said of Allen . "  It was the defendant who is responsible for reporting it . " If convicted on all counts , Stevens would face a maximum sentence of 35 years . Legal experts note the judge has the discretion to give Stevens as little as no jail time and probation . Former federal prosecutors and criminal defense lawyers have told CNN that if convicted on some or all of the counts , the senator probably would face between a year to more than two years in jail .	NEW : Prosecutor rebuttal : "  The evidence I saw was totally different " NEW : Defense : Stevens tried repeatedly to get a bill for work done on his house Prosecution begins closing arguments with phone call recorded by FBI Sen. Ted Stevens is accused of false statements on Senate financial disclosures
CNN  She scored the second best goal of 2014 and now Irish forward Stephanie Roche has landed herself a move to U.S. National Women 's Soccer League side , Houston Dash . Roche 's volley for Peamount United against Wexford Youths in a Irish league game watched by fewer than 100 spectators became the first goal scored by a woman to be named a finalist in the FIFA Puskas Award for goal of the year . "  I am so excited about the signing of Stephanie , we are getting a player that has great technical ability , a superb left foot , and possibly the best goalscorer to come out of Ireland since  former international striker  Olivia O'Toole , " Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said on the club 's website . "  Stephanie will bring a wealth of international experience to our team , and another great attacking option that is different from what we have already , " he added . "  All our Dash fans and fans of women 's soccer in general will be excited about this signing . " James Rodriguez won the Puskas Award for 2014 , but the Colombian was gracious enough to say that Roche 's fabulous volley , which took second place at FIFA 's glitzy ceremony in January , just might have trumped his goal against Uruguay at the World Cup last year saying it "  deserved to win , but only one can . " Rodriguez 's goal came in front of thousands at Rio 's Maracana Stadium , with millions more around the world watching on TV . It was a very different setting when Roche collected the ball with her back to goal , flicked it over her head and crashed it home while playing in the Irish Woman 's National League . Nevertheless , her brilliant goal , filmed by chance , beat Robin van Persie 's flying header for Holland against Spain at the World Cup into third place . Victorious Real Madrid forward Rodriguez hailed Roche 's effort as "  a golazo "  an amazing goal  , while Italy legend Alessandro del Piero described her as the "  moral winner . " "  She is great , " Del Piero added . "  She needs to score another one for next year . That is what I would say to her . " The FIFA award , voted for by the public , saw Roche take 33 % of the vote , with winner Rodriguez on 42 % and Van Persie some way back on 11 % . Roche first represented the Republic of Ireland when she was 14 years old playing for the Under-17 team , and has since earned 35 senior caps for her country . The 25-year-old 's move to America follows a brief stint with French club ASPTT Albi where she struggled with the language barrier according to the Irish Times . Roche 's boyfriend Dean Zambra , who plays for League of Ireland side , Bray Wanderers , will join her in the U.S. for three months to help the striker settle in . "  I 've been given a huge opportunity by Houston Dash and I 'm hoping I 'll be able to go over and do well and hopefully be successful over there " Roche told RTE Radio . No terms of the deal have been revealed .	Stephanie Roche is off to America to play for Houston Dash in the U.S. Woman 's National Football League The Irish international striker scored a stunning goal which was nominated for the FIFA Puskas Award Roche 's goal came second to James Rodriguez ' strike for Colombia against Uruguay at the World Cup last year The 25-year-old 's move to the U.S. follows a brief stint with French club ASPTT Albi
United Nations  CNN  -- In a contentious closed-door U.N. Security Council meeting Tuesday , Russia criticized France 's decision to airlift weapons to rebel forces in Libya , according to a Western diplomat present during the discussions . Earlier Tuesday , French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet told reporters that parachute drops of weapons into the North African nation were "  no longer necessary " because opposition forces had become organized enough to procure their own arms . Rebels battling Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi are "  becoming more autonomous , " Longuet said . "  This autonomy allows them to build relationships with external partners , including when it comes to equipping themselves in self-defense , " he said . But even as Longuet said the weapons drops were no longer needed , debate over the approach continued . Russia brought up the issue at the U.N. Security Council session Tuesday , arguing that by sending weapons , France had violated the council 's resolution that authorized NATO force in Libya , the Western diplomat said . France offered a detailed defense of the country 's actions , arguing that supplying weapons was "  the only practical way of fulfilling " the council 's mandate authorizing force to take "  all necessary measures " to protect civilians , the diplomat said . During Tuesday 's meeting , ambassadors from the United Kingdom and United States defended France 's actions , according to the Western diplomat . France acknowledged last Wednesday that it had supplied weapons to anti-Gadhafi forces , saying the weapons were provided for self-defense . "  It became clear that people there were defenseless and very much threatened by Gadhafi 's forces , " French Ministry of Defense spokesman Colonel Thierry Burkhard said last Wednesday . Libyan Prime Minister Baghdadi al-Mahmoudi told reporters last week that rebel forces were receiving arms from France but were not trained in their use . He said it was reckless of France to take such action , saying it went "  against all of the proclaimed aims of NATO 's intervention in Libya . " Meanwhile , in Libya , a rebel spokesman said fighting had moved Tuesday westward from Misrata , which rebel forces say they continue to hold . Eleven rebels were killed in Dafniya , and one was killed in Zliten , said Mohammed Ibrahim , the spokesman . Another 60 rebels were wounded in the two cities , he said , citing figures from Al-Hekma Hospital , in Misrata . Pro-Gadhafi forces fired some six rockets into Misrata , but they caused no casualties , he said . The opposition website freemisurata.com , published by Ibrahim 's group , said at least 20 members of Gadhafi 's forces were killed and six were captured Tuesday in Dafniya and Zliten . CNN 's Richard Roth and Mick B. Krever and journalists Catherine Clifford and Dheepthi Namasivayam contributed to this report .	Russia argues that France violated a U.N. Security Council resolution , a diplomat says Diplomat : Drops were "  the only practical way of fulfilling " the council 's mandate United States , United Kingdom defend France , the diplomat says France 's defense minister says the weapons drops are no longer necessary
CNN  -- After being humbled by Manchester City in the FA Cup and drawing against West Bromwich Albion in the English Premier League , Chelsea could hardly afford to drop points against Everton on Saturday . The Blues did n't -- barely . And it was the man who has been dubbed ` Mr. Chelsea , ' the returning John Terry , who struck deep in injury time following a free kick from another Chelsea veteran , Frank Lampard . Both were re-introduced to the starting lineup by manager Jose Mourinho against a stubborn Everton side chasing a European spot and the 1-0 victory temporarily increased Chelsea 's lead atop the table to four points over Arsenal . The Gunners , however , once again cut the deficit to one point by later easing past Sunderland 4-1 and Man City stayed within three points of Chelsea -- with a game in hand -- courtesy of a 1-0 win over Stoke City . Vintage Chelsea it was n't , but the result was all that mattered to Chelsea skipper Terry . "  We made it difficult but they are a very good side and are playing well under  Everton manager Roberto  Martinez , " Terry , sidelined the previous three games with a muscle injury , told BT Sport . "  It was a tough game today . We 're delighted with the win and three points . " Martinez was n't delighted , though . He felt the free kick -- given when Chelsea midfielder Ramires went down -- should n't have been given by referee Lee Probert . "  It was one of those situations where players were trying to buy too many free kicks , " Martinez told BT Sport . "  You need a strong referee . The second half is a very , very tough game for referee . "  You can see they are trying to get a dead ball situation because they could n't get any joy from open play . You can see the reaction and way he loses his footing , it 's not because of contact . He is looking for the free kick . " For more than 90 minutes , Everton indeed kept Chelsea at bay . Everton had the better of play in the first half , with Petr Cech saving from Leon Osman and Kevin Mirallas scuffing his shot when in a good position at the edge of the box . Chelsea could only go one way -- up -- and keeper Tim Howard foiled Lampard , Eden Hazard and Branislav Ivanovic before Terry 's winner . "  Great ball from Lamps , " said Terry . "  I just managed to get a touch on it and I think it came off Howard in the end as well . " Arsenal , City respond Arsenal and Manchester City , coming off demoralizing 2-0 home defeats to Bayern Munich and Barcelona in the Champions League , respectively , earned three points in contrasting fashion . Olivier Giroud , benched against Bayern Munich in favor of the inexperienced Yaya Sanogo , started and scored twice for Arsenal . Arsene Wenger , though , left record signing Mesut Ozil out of the squad after he missed a penalty against Bayern and was criticized on the pitch by teammate Mathieu Flamini on Wednesday for not doing enough defensively . City toiled against Stoke City at home , getting the lone goal from midfielder Yaya Toure in the 70th minute . "  Teams come here to defend and try to get a draw , " City manager Manuel Pellegrini told the club website . "  We can not win by three or four goals every match . " Next up for City is Sunderland in the League Cup final on March 2 . West Ham further eased its relegation worries by beating Southampton 3-1 for a fourth straight victory , Hull added to Cardiff 's woes by thrashing the Welsh side 4-0 in Wales and Felix Magath earned a point in his managerial debut for last-place Fulham , with the Cottagers tying West Brom 1-1 . Wayne Rooney , who signed a lucrative contract extension with Manchester United on Friday , celebrated with a goal in United 's 2-0 win at Crystal Palace . "  He 's a really important player , " United manager David Moyes told Sky Sports . "  You think about the amount of clubs who wanted to sign him . Wayne is one of the top players , he shows it week in , week out . "  We never had any intention of letting him go . Wayne has been great since day one . " Yet United still trails Liverpool by eight points in the race for the final Champions League spot . Liverpool hosts Swansea on Sunday while Tottenham , in fifth and three points behind the Reds , visits Norwich .	Chelsea defeats Everton 1-0 at home thanks to a goal deep in injury time Chelsea rebounds after a loss in the FA Cup and draw in the league Chelsea still leads Arsenal by a point and Manchester City by three atop the table Arsenal routs Sunderland 4-1 and Manchester City edges Stoke City 1-0
Oklahoma will seek the death penalty for Alton Alexander Nolen , 30 , who is charged with first-degree murder in the beheading of a 54-year-old woman at his former workplace , District Attorney Greg Mashburn said in a court document Thursday . Nolen also faces an attempted murder charge in the stabbing attack on another woman , as well as a charge of assault with a deadly weapon , Mashburn said previously . Nolen should be punished with death , Thursday 's "  bill of particulars " states , because his crime was "  especially heinous , atrocious or cruel , " the defendant knowingly put multiple people at "  great risk of death , " the defendant probably poses a "  continuing threat to society , " and Nolen was previously convicted of a felony for using or threatening violence . Mashburn said Sunday that he would probably seek the death penalty after consulting with the victim 's family . Nolen , a recent convert to Islam , is accused of carrying out the attacks last week at a Vaughan Foods processing plant soon after he learned he 'd lost his job there . Nolen was trying "  to get revenge on certain people he felt responsible " for his job loss , Mashburn said . The large kitchen knife used in the attack came from Nolen 's home , Mashburn said . The FBI is also investigating the attack because Nolen "  was saying Arabic terms in the attack , " Mashburn said . The Oklahoma Department of Homeland Security is also investigating the incident . "  That investigation is still ongoing , and it is unclear at this time whether the crime was an act of terrorism , workplace violence or a gruesome combination of both , " Fallin said in a statement . Police said Nolen walked into the Vaughan Foods front office September 25 and attacked one of the first people he encountered , Colleen Hufford , 54 . He severed her head with a knife and then attacked Traci Johnson , 43 . Johnson was one of three people Nolen was targeting , authorities said , and he was n't able to reach the other two . Hufford was attacked despite not being one of the three intended targets , the prosecutor said . Court papers said Nolen grabbed Hufford from behind and "  immediately began cutting her across the throat with the large knife , with a back and forth sawing motion . " Nolen then grabbed Johnson and "  cut her across the throat and left side of her face with the knife " in an attempt at a second beheading , according to a police affidavit . See copy of court papers and police affidavit  PDF Mashburn said that while Nolen was employed at the plant , he made statements "  saying he did n't like white people , " which prompted Johnson to file a complaint with the plant 's human resources department . Mark Vaughan , the company CEO and a reserve deputy with the Oklahoma County Sheriff 's Office , confronted and twice shot Nolen , authorities said . Vaughan arrived at the plant with a rifle and shot Nolen as he was charging with knife in hand , Mashburn said . In unrelated incidents , Nolen was convicted of assault and battery on a police officer , escape from detention and possession of marijuana , all in January 2011 , according to court papers filed by prosecutors .	Document says crime was "  especially heinous , atrocious or cruel " Co-worker complained after Nolen spoke of not liking white people , official says FBI involved because suspect "  was saying Arabic terms " during attacks , official says Alton Alexander Nolen , 30 , is charged with murder , attempted murder , assault
U.S. President Barack Obama did n't speak very long at the White House on Friday , but his message was clear : Russia should not use military force to change the fate of Ukraine . "  The United States will stand with the international community in affirming that there will be costs for any military intervention in Ukraine , " Obama said . The president made his remarks as events moved quickly in Ukraine , with troops believed to be from Russia moving into Crimea , the southern section of Ukraine that favors close ties with neighboring Russia . Other parts of Ukraine and the new government leaders want to align with Europe . "  We are now deeply concerned by reports of military movements taken by the Russian Federation inside of Ukraine , " Obama said . "  Russia has a historic relationship with Ukraine , including cultural and economic ties , and a military facility in Crimea , but any violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity would be deeply destabilizing , which is not in the interest of Ukraine , Russia , or Europe . "  It would represent a profound interference in matters that must be determined by the Ukrainian people . " He said Ukraine must be autonomous . "  Throughout this crisis , we have been very clear about one fundamental principle : The Ukrainian people deserve the opportunity to determine their own future , " he said . Just before Obama spoke , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Samantha Power , called for an "  urgent international " mediation mission to Crimea . Also , a bipartisan group of 12 senators from the Foreign Relations Committee expressed support for U.S. assistance in Ukraine and warned of Russian intervention . "  We do not seek confrontation with President Putin and his government , but simply to ensure that Russia abides by its commitments and adheres to core principles of international law . A peaceful , democratic , stable , and sovereign Ukraine is in our national interest , " the senators wrote in a letter to Obama . Vice President Joe Biden spoke with Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk on Friday to "  reaffirm the United States ' strong support for the new government and our commitment to the sovereignty , territorial integrity , and democratic future of Ukraine , " a statement from the vice president 's office said . The State Department warned U.S. citizens Friday night to avoid non-essential travel to Ukraine , particularly to the Crimean Peninsula , citing instability . Read Obama 's full statement	President Obama says "  we are now deeply concerned " by reports of military movements inside Ukraine Obama said Ukraine 's fate must be determined by its people The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations calls for international mediation Senate Foreign Relations Committee members back U.S. assistance in Ukraine
Japan 's deputy prime minister stirred controversy this week by appearing to suggest that the government could learn from the way that Nazi Germany changed its constitution . The remarks by Taro Aso , who is also the Japanese finance minister , provoked criticism from Japan 's neighbors and a Jewish organization in the United States . Aso , a former prime minister who has slipped up with verbal gaffes in the past , retracted the comments later in the week but refused to apologize for them or resign , saying they had been taken out of context . Amid persistent talk in Japan about revising the country 's pacifist post-war constitution , Aso set off the controversy at a seminar Monday , in which he said that discussions over constitutional changes should be carried out calmly . "  Germany 's Weimar Constitution was changed into the Nazi Constitution before anyone knew , " he said in comments widely reported by the Japanese media . "  It was changed before anyone else noticed . Why do n't we learn from that method ? " Aso added : "  I have no intention of denying democracy . Again , I repeat that we should not decide -LSB- constitutional revisions -RSB- in a frenzy . " In 1933 , Adolf Hitler 's National Socialists turned the democratic Weimar Republic into a dictatorship using "  a combination of legal procedure , persuasion , and terror , " according to the U.S. Library of Congress . Hitler used a fire that burned down the parliament building as a pretext to suppress the opposition through an emergency clause in the constitution . He then pushed through the Enabling Act , which allowed him to govern without parliament and vastly extend the Nazis ' grip on power . Words that hurt Aso 's apparent reference to those changes drew expressions of concern from the governments of China and South Korea , two countries that suffered heavily under Japanese imperial aggression during World War II , a conflict in which Japan was allied with Nazi Germany . Beijing and Seoul are already wary of Japan 's hawkish prime minister , Shinzo Abe . His campaign platform for elections last year included measures aimed at restoring Japanese national pride such as revising the constitution to give the country 's self-defense forces the status of a regular army . Abe 's party now has control of both houses of parliament . But it remains unclear if he will take on the difficult , controversial challenge of constitutional change , which would require a two-thirds majority in both chambers . Hong Lei , a spokesman for the Chinese foreign ministry , said Wednesday that Aso 's comments mean that other countries need to step up their vigilance over the direction in which Japan is headed . China and Japan are locked in a tense territorial dispute over a set of small , uninhabited islands in the East China Sea that has fueled nationalist sentiments in on both sides . South Korea , meanwhile , called for "  prudence " from Japanese political leaders . "  Such comments definitely hurt a lot of people , " Cho Tai-young , a foreign ministry spokesman , said Tuesday . And the Simon Wiesenthal Center , a Jewish human rights organization based in Los Angeles , demanded that Aso immediately clarify his remarks . "  What ` techniques ' from the Nazis ' governance are worth learning -- how to stealthily cripple democracy ? " asked Rabbi Abraham Cooper , an associate dean at the center . "  The only lessons on governance that the world should draw from the Nazi Third Reich is how those in positions of power should not behave , " Cooper said in a statement Tuesday . ` Great misunderstandings ' Aso responded Thursday to the criticism over his comments , which also came from opposition lawmakers in Japan , saying he regretted that the remarks had "  caused great misunderstandings despite my true intentions . " He said that he had referred to the Nazi takeover of power as a "  bad example " of constitutional revision because changes were forced through "  in a commotion . " They should be done through calm debates instead . "  I believe it is obvious that I feel extremely negatively about Nazi Germany , if you consider the entire context , " he said . "  However , since these remarks have caused serious misunderstandings , I would like to retract them . " Japanese Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference the same day that "  the Abe administration definitely does not view Nazi Germany positively and I am sure Vice Prime Minister Aso himself does not either . " It 's not the first time Aso 's words have gotten him into hot water . At a meeting about social security reform and healthcare costs in January , he caused offense by suggesting it would be best for people on life support to "  die quickly . " "  Aso 's comment about Hitler and the implication that his example should be followed are utterly unacceptable , " the Asahi Shimbun , a daily newspaper , said in an editorial Friday . " The remark is not something that Aso can get away with by simply retracting it . "	At a seminar , the deputy prime minister refers to constitutional change under Hitler "  Why do n't we learn from that method ? " he asks His comments draw criticism from China , South Korea and a Jewish group He retracts the remarks , saying they were taken out of context
CNN  -- Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin responded angrily on her Facebook page Friday to a verbal attack by AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka where he called her a "  crazy magnet . " "  I 'm not sure why he 's attacking my record when I 'm not the one responsible for the policies resulting in continued mass unemployment and a weak economy , " Palin shot back . "  Among my ` crimes , ' the union boss cited the fact that I sometimes write notes on my hand  guilty as charged !  ; that I appear on cable television every once in a while to comment on the news  it 's called the First Amendment , Rich  ; and that my common sense conservatism makes him laugh . " Trumka released the text of the speech before he gave it on Thursday at his organization 's convention in Alaska . In it he complains that every time Democrats have proposed jobs legislation they have been blocked by "  the most politically motivated Republican minority we have ever seen -- and I really do mean ever ... Then he asks , "  What is this crazy magnet that 's pulling people to the right ? I mean , look at your former governor ... " "  After she tied herself to John McCain and they lost , she blew off Alaska , " he said . "  I guess she figured she 'd trade up -- shoot for a national stage . Alaska was too far from the FOX TV spotlight . I bet most of you , on a clear day , can see her hypocrisy from your house . " Palin provided her own assessment of Trumka on her Facebook response . "  Trumka 's attempts to put himself on the side of the working man and woman would be more convincing if he were n't a career union boss who 's spent most of his life in DC , " the statement on Palin 's Facebook page said . "  No surprise then that his priorities are n't the priorities of the average working man or woman , but of the Beltway power player . " CNN 's Jeff Simon contributed to this report .	Palin responds on her Facebook page Union boss called her a "  crazy magnet " Palin questions whether union boss is helping the average worker
Two days after the grisly discovery , the case of the Los Angeles hotel water tank corpse is a mystery with many unanswered questions . The decomposing body of Elisa Lam floated inside a water tank on the roof of the Cecil Hotel while guests brushed their teeth , bathed and drank with water from it for as long as 19 days . A maintenance worker , checking on complaints about the hotel 's water , found the 21-year-old Canadian tourist inside one of four water cisterns Tuesday morning , Los Angeles Police Sgt. Rudy Lopez said . How and where did Elisa Lam die ? Los Angeles robbery-homicide detectives are treating this as a suspicious death for obvious reasons , Lopez said . Falling into a covered water tank behind a locked door on top of a roof would be an unusual accident . An autopsy was completed , but the cause of death is deferred pending further examination , assistant chief coroner Ed Winter said Thursday . That may take six to eight weeks . It will be several weeks before investigators have the toxicology lab report which would show whether Lam had any drugs in her system . Any marks , injuries or wounds may suggest Lam died elsewhere and was dumped into the tank by her killer . Water in Lam 's lungs could be a sign that she drowned , but it might not tell why she was inside the small tank . One clue comes from security camera video of Lam inside a hotel elevator the last day she was seen . She is seen walking into the elevator , pushing the buttons for four floors and then peering out of the opened elevator door as if she is hiding or looking for someone . Clad in a red hoodie , Lam at one point walks out of the elevator before returning to it , pushing the buttons again . She then stands outside the open elevator doorway , motioning with her hands , before apparently walking away . Lam checked into the Cecil Hotel five days earlier , January 26 , on her way to Santa Cruz , California , according to police in her hometown of Vancouver , British Columbia . Why did it it take so long to find Lam ? Lam 's parents reported the University of British Columbia student missing in early February . Her daily calls home stopped on January 31 , police told reporters on February 6 at a Los Angeles news conference . Because it was an international case -- and her parents and sister flew to California to find answers -- the case may have gotten more attention than most of the several thousand missing person reports made in Los Angeles each year . A search of the hotel then found no sign of Lam , including a trip to the roof with a police search dog , Lopez said . Strange things began happening with the hotel 's water supply later in the month , according to Sabina and Michael Baugh , a British couple who spent eight days there until checking out Wednesday . The water pressure dropped to a trickle at times . "  The shower was awful , " Sabina Baugh said . "  When you turned the tap on , the water was coming black first for two seconds and then it was going back to normal . " The tap water "  tasted horrible , " Baugh said . "  It had a very funny , sweety , disgusting taste . It 's a very strange taste . I can barely describe it . " But for a week , they never complained . "  We never thought anything of it , " she said . "  We thought it was just the way it was here . " Knowing now what they did n't know then about the water is sickening , Michael Baugh said . "  It makes you feel literally physically sick , but more than that you feel it psychologically . You think about it and it 's not good . " Eventually , the hotel maintenance department investigated the water problem , sending a worker to look into the tank , police said . He saw Lam 's lifeless body at the bottom . A hard-working family Randy Schmidt , a spokesman for the University of British Columbia , said Lam was registered in a class in August , but was not registered in any classes this year , according to records . "  Unfortunately , we do not have much more to say , other than to extend our deepest sympathies to the family , " said Schmidt . According to Los Angeles police , Lam tended to use public transportation . Teika Steins , manager of a hostel in Toronto , Canada , said Lam stayed a week there in early December . Steins called the young woman friendly and outgoing . Flowers and signs were left Thursday outside the temporarily-closed Lam family restaurant in Burnaby , British Columbia . Tanya Grohmann , who works nearby , said she was saddened by the loss and the fact the family did not know what happened to the young woman . "  They are a hard-working family . They immigrated here , " she told CNN affiliate CTV . "  They 've been in the neighborhood for nine years working . ... They 're honest people . " Why did hotel stay open after discovery ? New guests continued to check into the Cecil in the hours after firefighters removed Lam 's body from the water tank . But each guest was asked to sign a waiver releasing the hotel from liability if they become ill . "  You do so at your own risk and peril , " the hotel 's release said . Guests who already paid for their rooms would not get refunds if they move out , it said . CNN 's repeated calls to the hotel for comment were unreturned Wednesday and Thursday . The Los Angeles Public Health Department immediately tested the water supply , but told the manager they could stay open as long as they provided bottle water and warned guests not to drink the tap water . The results of the testing showed no harmful bacteria in the tank or the pipes , according to Angelo Bellomo , director of environmental health for the department . Chlorine in the city 's water may be the reason it is safe , he said . All of the tanks and pipes in the building still must be drained , flushed and sanitized , Bellomo said . The water will be retested after that process , which should take several days , he said . Several guests interviewed by CNN on Wednesday indicated the hotel management did not tell them about the body in the water supply they had been drinking and bathing in . Qui Nguyen learned about it from a CNN reporter Wednesday morning . He decided not to sign the waiver and instead find a new hotel . Many of its guests are tourists from other countries drawn by the hotel 's billing as a "  European-style " hotel that is the perfect accommodation for "  spend-thrifty travelers . " But if they take Kim Cooper 's tour bus ride through the neighborhood , they would hear about the Cecil being the former temporary home to at least two convicted murderers , including "  Night Stalker " serial killer Richard Ramirez . Ramirez paid $ 14 a day to stay on the 14th floor during his 1980s killing spree , Cooper said . The Cecil Hotel is "  in the heart of the action , allowing our guest to embrace the city and the surrounding areas that make Los Angeles famous , " according to the description you 'll hear when you call there and are placed on hold . In fact , the hotel is just a few blocks away from the infamous Skid Row district in downtown Los Angeles , but 16 miles from the beaches of Santa Monica , eight miles from Hollywood 's Walk of Fame and 12 miles from glamorous streets of Beverly Hills that are prominently featured on the Cecil 's website . If you want a reservation at the Cecil you will have to wait until next month . The website said the hotel is "  sold out " until March 1 . After then , you can book a room for $ 65 . Hotel with corpse in water tank has notorious past	Cause of death deferred , pending further examination Tests show hotel water is free of harmful bacteria , health department says Canadian university says woman not registered in classes this year Water "  had a very funny , sweety , disgusting taste , " one guest says
CNN  -- Commercial development of the Arctic 's natural resources has so far been near to impossible , but transportation throughout the inhospitable region may soon be revolutionized . U.S.-based airship company Aeros and Icelandic airline Icelandair Cargo , say they have signed an agreement with hopes of establishing a partnership to develop new air freight service across the Arctic region . Together they are hoping to deliver standard cargo containers via Iceland to regions with little infrastructure , such as Siberia , Alaska , Greenland and northern Canada . "  It 's a project representing the future of solving the problems of today , " Aeros ' CEO Igor Pasternak told CNN . "  The distribution in the Arctic Circle as it is right now is inefficient and not logical . " Managing Director with Icelandair Cargo , Gunnar Sigurfinnsson , said in a press release that he believes Aeros will help transform Arctic transportation forever . "  We are pleased to begin a partnership with Aeroscraft and jointly explore the expanding market opportunities in Greenland , Iceland , and surrounding Northern territories , " Sigurfinnsson stated . The future of airships Aeros is developing a new cargo airship , the Aeroscraft -- a hybrid dirigible combining elements of regular "  lighter-than-air "  LTA  craft and traditional fixed-wing planes . As opposed to existing airship designs , this vehicle can control its own buoyancy and is therefore capable of true vertical take-off and landing without requiring external ballast exchange . This eliminates the need for a runway , airfields and ground crew , which helps sidestep infrastructure development costs . The company , based in California , had test flights with the Aersocraft in September and are now building full-sized prototypes . The aim is to have the first vehicle flying by 2016 , and the initial fleet of 24 vehicles up and running by 2020 . The rigid-hulled dirigible measures 169 meters in length , and has a payload of 66 tonnes  with plans for a 250 tonne version  , a cruising speed of up to 120 knots , and a range of 3,100 nautical miles . One of the Aeroscraft 's biggest advantages is that it offers significant fuel savings since it runs on regular diesel , rather than expensive aviation fuel which can be tough to get hold of in more inaccessible regions . The primary focus will be logistical , moving cargo , troops and disaster relief supplies into remote and inhospitable terrain . But the company says that there may also be other uses for the technology in the future , like "  floating hotels " to "  sky yachts for millionaires . " Global game-changers Pasternak says he hopes the relationship with Icelandair Cargo will benefit both partners . "  They are a very innovative airline . Someday they will be our partner ; they know the area , and we will be able to do some unique deliveries , " the Kazakhstan-born engineer says . "  It can be everything from delivering the oil rigs to Greenland to bringing milk from England to a Canadian Arctic post . " Not only could Icelandair Cargo and Aeroscraft be global game-changers of how air freight services are operated -- the partnership could potentially transform Iceland into an important business and aviation hub . "  You can imagine that if Iceland becomes the base for the Arctic distribution system , you are creating a new industry in Iceland , which means new jobs and business opportunities , " said Pasternak . "  It would be a high-tech industry . The Aeroscraft has a green footprint and could provide a normal lifestyle to those living in remote areas . We could be creating a whole new understanding of what the Arctic is . "	Aeros and Icelandair Cargo are to team up to develop new air freight service across the Arctic Aeros ' new cargo airship , the Aeroscraft , requires no runway and can access remote terrains The two companies want to deliver standard cargo containers via Iceland to regions with little infrastructure
HOLLYWOOD , California  CNN  -- Reality television featuring law enforcement officers on the beat is nothing new . A show featuring a lawman who makes jailed inmates wear pink underwear and uses actors to trick suspects , however , is a new twist . Maricopa Co. . Sheriff Joe Arpaio now has his own TV show , "  Smile : You 're Under Arrest . " Maricopa County , Arizona , Sheriff Joe Arpaio -- whose showy brand of justice has raised charges of discrimination and civil-rights abuses while making him a hero among fans of his tough-on-crime attitudes -- will star in "  Smile : You 're Under Arrest . " The show , which premiers this weekend on Fox Reality Channel , features Arpaio and other officers using elaborate ploys crafted by comedy writers and carried out by professional actors to arrest suspects with outstanding warrants . In one , a suspect is invited to a fake fashion shoot and told he 's going to become a supermodel , according to Fox Reality 's Web site . In another , a suspect is tricked into what he thinks is a job as a movie extra and , after a staged argument between the film 's "  director " and another actor , gets promoted to the starring role . "  It 's kind of fun to show how stupid they are and , as I say , the looks on their face , " Arpaio , 76 , said of the suspects wanted for DUIs , drug charges , missed court dates and other offenses . Watch Arpaio explain his methods " But Arpaio 's critics are n't amused . They say they fear the show will give the controversial sheriff positive publicity , ignoring what they call a darker side to his 16-year tenure as top lawman in the county that includes Phoenix . "  It 's going to celebrate a sheriff that 's frankly scaring this community , a sheriff that has seen violent crime increase significantly in his county , a sheriff that is racially profiling the Latino community , and I doubt that the show is going to reflect that , " said Paco Fabian , spokesman for the immigrant-rights group America 's Voice . In a statement on the group 's Web site , Fabian calls Arpaio a "  modern day Bull Connor , " comparing him to the public safety commissioner in 1960s Birmingham , Alabama , whose use of attack dogs and firehoses on civil rights demonstrators made him a symbol of racial intolerance . Dubbed "  America 's Toughest Sheriff , " Arpaio makes many of his county 's 10,000 or so inmates live in tents . He reinstituted chain gangs -- including crews for women and juveniles -- banned smoking , coffee and movies in his jails and , most recently , moved to require all inmates with money in their jail accounts to pay for their own meals . And then , of course , there 's the pink underwear . "  They were stealing the white underwear , smuggling the underwear out of the jail , " Arpaio told CNN . "  So you know what ? Give them pink . The other reason is they hate pink . Why would you give the 10,000 inmates the color they like ? " Earlier this year , the mayor of Phoenix wrote a letter to the U.S. attorney general 's office , asking the FBI and the U.S. Justice Department 's civil rights division to investigate Arpaio 's aggressive illegal immigration crackdowns . Mayor Phil Brown wrote that Arpaio 's sweeps show "  a pattern and practice of conduct that includes discriminatory harassment , improper stops , searches and arrests . " The letter came after Arpaio , who had already been the target of hundreds of lawsuits , launched a series of what he calls crime-suppression patrols in largely Latino neighborhoods . Critics say the patrols use racial profiling to unfairly target Hispanic drivers and pedestrians , while Arpaio says they have resulted in the deportation of hundreds of illegal immigrants , including some with criminal records . "  We are the only ones cracking down on the state 's human smuggling law , " Arpaio said . Fabian said America 's Voice is considering putting pressure on companies that advertise during Arpaio 's show . Either way , the series offers another moment in the spotlight for a lawman who has never shied away from it . "  I 'm not going to brag , " Arpaio said , "  but there is n't anybody in the world who does n't know who this sheriff is . " CNN 's Brooke Anderson and Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Maricopa Co. , Arizona , Sheriff Joe Arpaio now has own TV show Arpaio proud of sometimes unorthodox methods , has been criticized for them Show , "  Smile : You 're Under Arrest , " gets people with outstanding warrants
CNN  -- The debate over funding for the Federal Emergency Management Agency continued Wednesday as federal officials traveled to New Jersey and New York to check on local recovery and response efforts after Hurricane Irene . The agency 's disaster relief fund has less than $ 800 million remaining and could run out before the end of the current fiscal year on September 30 . With conservative House Republicans , led by Rep. Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , calling for spending cuts to offset any increase in emergency funds -- a measure opposed by many Democrats -- the ability of Congress to act quickly on the issue remains uncertain . "  Right now , we 're continuing our obligations to respond " with rescue operations and meeting the immediate needs of storm survivors , FEMA administrator Craig Fugate said Wednesday . The only thing the agency has done , he said , is state that it wo n't be able to fund permanent work from disasters that has not yet been started . "  We are postponing the permanent work , " he said . But search-and-rescue teams are on the ground , he said , and food and water is being handed out to those in need . "  This is a team effort , " he said . " ... Americans help Americans in disasters . We 're doing our job . We 're working hard . " Mayor Jeffery Jones of Paterson , New Jersey , said he was "  outraged " about the funding dispute . "  Mother Nature has a mind of her own , a will of her own , and we ca n't have the petty wrangling going on when we have folks in dire need , " he said . Gov. Chris Christie echoed those sentiments during a news conference Wednesday , saying , "  We do n't have time to wait for folks in Congress to figure out how they want to offset this stuff with the budget cuts . Our people are suffering now . And they need support now . " "  Nobody that got hit with this flooding dodged a bullet , " Fugate said Wednesday . "  Loss of life , extensive damages , homes flooded . ... It may not have been as big a deal on the coast , but these flood areas definitely got hit hard . " Irene killed 43 people from Florida to New England as it marched up the Eastern Seaboard over the weekend , dumping torrential rain . Some of the worst flooding struck Vermont , New Jersey and upstate New York . More than 1.8 million customers remained without electricity Wednesday from North Carolina to Maine , the U.S. Department of Energy said -- a decrease from the 2.8 million reported Tuesday afternoon . Outage figures include more than 366,000 in Connecticut and 323,000 in New York . The Passaic River in northern New Jersey seemed to mock the town of Little Falls as the water surging through it looked more like Niagara Falls . "  Before Irene hit , the Passaic River was already running high from frequent precipitation this summer , " Wheeler Antabanez of neighboring Montclair said . "  When the hurricane blew through and dumped all that water on north Jersey , the river began to rage . " About 1,700 residents were evacuated from their homes in Wayne , Totowa , Little Falls , Paterson and Woodland Park , said Edward O'Connell , a spokesman for Passaic County 's Office of Emergency Management . President Barack Obama will travel to Paterson on Sunday to view damage from Hurricane Irene , the White House announced . Rescues were still taking place Wednesday , Jones said . "  All it takes is someone to call and say they 're under distress , and we and our boats are going out and taking people to safety , " he said . City officials were opening schools and other facilities to serve as shelters , he said . "  It 's been pretty much 24 hours a day , " said Sgt. Alex Popov of the Paterson Police Department . Once floodwaters begin to recede , the next step will include going house to house and checking furnaces , hot water heaters and other appliances to reduce the risk of explosions when they are restarted , Jones said . Asked about those who did not heed an evacuation warning , Jones said , "  I do n't think folks were aware -- nor were we aware -- that it could get this extreme . " Flood warnings remained in effect for portions of New Jersey on Wednesday , along with parts of North Carolina , Virginia , Pennsylvania , New York , Connecticut and Massachusetts . Also Wednesday , Obama signed disaster declarations for New Jersey , North Carolina and New York . "  I think the conversation of hype is being hyped , " Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy said Wednesday on the debate over whether Irene was overhyped . "  The reality is , the people of Connecticut are hurting . ... Although it 's sunny outside , we 're still experiencing the effects . " He said homes and infrastructure have been destroyed and the Connecticut River basin has experienced heavy flooding . Much of the damage is seen in the state 's rural areas , he said . "  We have farms that are under water . " Consolidated Edison reported that it met its goal to restore power to nearly all New York City customers by Tuesday night , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said in a statement Wednesday . Work to restore power elsewhere was ongoing Wednesday . The full extent of Irene 's destruction wo n't be known for some time . The federal government estimates that the cost from wind damage alone will exceed $ 1 billion . Analysts have put the total expected cost of Irene much higher . Vermont transportation officials were able to make emergency repairs on roads to all but one of about a dozen previously isolated towns , officials said . Air drops were being made to three towns . The National Guard is carrying supplies to other communities , said Mark Bosma , spokesman for Vermont Emergency Management . Because the repaired roads are intended for emergency and supply delivery traffic , residents will have to wait for more permanent repairs to resume their old driving habits . That is expected to take at least several weeks or months in some cases . "  We 've transitioned into the recovery stage for the most part , " Bosma said . "  The worst is over . " The Vermont Campground Association reported that only two of its seven member campgrounds suffered significant damage , and more than 70 campgrounds will be open for the coming Labor Day weekend . "  Some are cleaning up downed trees , but most are ready for visitors , " said Peter Daniels , the association 's executive director , in a prepared statement . Most roads leading to campgrounds are open , the association said . The two campgrounds that suffered extensive damage -- Camping on the Battenkill in Arlington and Abel Mountain Campground in Braintree -- remained closed . Storm cleanup efforts also were ongoing in the Bahamas on Wednesday , a week after Irene struck there . The National Emergency Management Agency was coordinating the shipment of goods to Rum Cay , Cat Island , Crooked Island and Acklins , according to Bahamas Information Services . A shipment of goods from Jamaica was received by Mayaguana on Saturday . Meanwhile , some of the areas that escaped Irene without major damage -- such as the state of Maryland -- still took a direct hit in the pocketbook . Maryland lost more than $ 2 million in direct revenue over the past weekend , including an estimated $ 1.75 million in sales tax revenue and $ 150,000 in withholding taxes due to the evacuation of Ocean City , according to Maryland Comptroller Peter Franchot . Officials estimated a $ 60,000 loss in gas tax revenue because of canceled weekend trips , and a loss of roughly $ 45,000 in toll revenue from the Chesapeake Bay Bridge . Additionally , Ocean City lost nearly $ 40,000 of admissions and amusement tax revenue from its many attractions and events But Franchot did not question the decision to evacuate the town . "  Given the disastrous impact of this storm on other parts of our country ... am profoundly grateful that Ocean City and the state of Maryland as a whole weathered this storm with minimal injury or loss of life , " he said in a statement . CNN 's Mike Alhlers , Phil Gast , Ed Payne and Melanie Whitley and CNN iReport 's Germain Perez and Katie Hawkins-Gaar contributed to this report .	New Jersey Gov. Christie hits congressional budget disputes "  We do n't have time to wait for ... Congress to figure out how ... to offset this stuff " "  Our people are suffering now . And they need support now , " Christie says Power is restored to nearly all customers in New York City
Western Australia  CNN  Many Australians are understandably appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . The death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times , but to kill two people who had clearly made the most of their long periods of incarceration to transform themselves and make amends for their actions looks gratuitous and cruel . Consequently , Indonesia 's actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states -- or , more accurately , to those who control the coercive apparatus of the state at any particular moment . As German sociologist Max Weber pointed out , one of the key features of an effective state is that it has a monopoly over the legitimate use of violence . State officials can order people to be killed because -- especially in democracies -- we authorize them to do so . We can give no more significant power to another human being than to decide who lives or who dies . And yet even where that authority is deemed legitimate -- as is clearly the case in Indonesia -- its significance is only seriously considered at moments like this , when the very personal circumstances of some of its victims become the stuff of popular commentary and media interest . Less prominent victims of state-sanctioned violence often go entirely unremarked . However disappointed we may be in the actions of Indonesian President Joko Widodo -- in whom so many inside and outside Indonesia have invested such hopes as a progressive force -- he can make a couple of claims in his defense . First , Widodo -- popularly known as Jokowi -- is Indonesia 's elected leader and is fulfilling his promise to crack down on what he and many other Indonesians see as a problem . Indonesia 's domestic political context and the need to be seen as not giving favorable treatment to foreigners left him very little room to maneuver . This is not a justification for his actions , but it helps to explain why he was so impervious to pleas for mercy . Whatever we may think about the underlying principles and administration of justice in Indonesia , at least Jokowi can claim that it is essentially a domestic issue . We may not like Indonesia 's laws , but they are being applied even-handedly within national borders where state officials have authority . Significantly , it is those same national borders that demarcate the extent of Indonesia 's leaders ability -- or even desire , perhaps -- to use their capacity for state-sanctioned violence . Other countries -- including Australia -- have no such inhibitions and regularly kill perfectly innocent civilians in the course of one conflict or another . This propensity for the application of state-sanctioned violence seems especially germane when we consider another president about whom great things were expected , but who has inevitably disappointed . After the unilateralism of George W. Bush , Barack Obama was widely predicted to be a very different sort of president and one who would not make the sort of catastrophic strategic miscalculations of his predecessor . Paradoxically enough , though , while Obama has been widely criticized for a lack of decisiveness and unwillingness to commit more American forces to the Middle East , this has done nothing to curb the use of state-sanctioned violence . On the contrary , the use of drone strikes has become a key part of America 's continuing war on terror . It is unsurprising , perhaps , that a cerebral and reflective leader as Obama is should be attracted to drones as a weapon of choice . Unlike Jokowi , Obama does n't have to confront the personal narratives of the people who die at his command . Or he does n't unless they 're American citizens , at least . The recent death of an American hostage during a recent drone strike highlights the potential for "  collateral damage " . Are these cases comparable ? Yes and no . Widodo 's executions were cold-blooded , unnecessary and highly political . Obama clearly was not intending to kill Americans , and this has only become an issue because one of the hostages actually was . However , dozens of entirely innocent women and children from other countries are routinely killed in such strikes with little comment . The key point is that we are collectively responsible for such deaths at some level or another , especially if our leaders and state officials carry them out . Do good intentions justify one death and not another ? Perhaps . Would we encourage the state to kill a thousand innocents if it meant eliminating Hitler ? Almost certainly . Would we authorize a drone strike to kill ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdad if we thought a couple of passers-by might die , too ? Perhaps . Would we permit the state to execute people ? Not any longer in Australia , at least . But before we congratulate ourselves on how civilized and humane we 've become , perhaps we should pause to consider the violence that is still being inflicted on perfectly innocent people around the world in our collective name . What was done in the name of the Indonesian state was undoubtedly awful , futile and reprehensible . Whether our moral calculus is quite so self-evidently superior is not quite so clear . Copyright 2015 The Conversation . Some rights reserved .	Indonesia executed eight prisoners including two Australians on Wednesday Two of "  Bali Nine " were killed despite Australia 's pleas for mercy All around the world , innocent people being killed by the state in our name , writes Mark Beeson
CNN  -- The charity taking care of a blonde , blue-eyed girl taken by police from a Roma community in Greece has received 8,000 calls from around the world since it issued a call for help in finding her parents . "  At least eight calls have some information that can be used by the police for further investigation , " Smile of the Child spokesman Panagiotis Pardalis said Sunday . "  Four of these calls are from the United States . " The group is working with Greek authorities , Interpol and Europol to solve the mystery of Maria , the name by which the couple posing as her parents called the 4-year-old . "  This Roma family had 14 children in total , and they were registered with fake birth certificates , so now the police are trying to see whether these children also belong to this family or if there is something else behind this , " Pardalis said . The girl was immediately taken from the couple and entrusted to the care of the Smile of the Child , which will keep her in one of its group homes until her family is found . "  The girl is at peace , " Pardalis said . "  She is doing much better . " A prosecutor became suspicious when he saw the child with very pale skin in a community of Roma , also known as gypsies , near the town of Larissa in central Greece , Pardalis said . "  It was bad living conditions , poor hygiene . The girl was found in a state of neglect , both physically and psychologically , " he said . "  We do n't have any other information , if this girl was forced to work or to beg on streets . " When the couple was questioned , "  they changed repeatedly their story about how they got the child , " a police statement said , compounding the officers ' suspicions . DNA testing then "  showed that there was not any genetic compatibility " between the girl and the 39-year-old man and the 40-year-old woman , the police said , meaning they can not be her biological parents . Photo blog : The plight of the Roma The two people posing as her parents have been arrested and face charges of abducting a minor , as well as counts of falsifying identity documents , said the state-owned Athens-Macedonian News Agency . Among the suspect documents found by police was a 2009 birth and baptism registration from Athens authorities , the news agency said . The woman also had two different valid identification documents and , based on family registration records , appears to have given birth to three children between June and November 1993 and another three children between October 1994 and February 1995 , it said . In fact , the state-run AMNA news agency reported , she had two family residence registrations indicating that she was mother to 10 children : five girls and a boy in Larissa , plus four girls in Trikala . The man is registered as the father of four more children . Greece 's government has promised to help the child . In the meantime , the little girl is being given support by a police psychologist , the police said . Anyone with information is asked to call the European Hotline for Missing Children or contact the Smile of the Child . The girl 's discovery will probably prompt speculation that she may have been abducted or trafficked , which , if proved , could serve to fuel prejudice against the Roma community within Greece and elsewhere . Rights group Amnesty International has called on the European Union to take action to end discrimination against the 6 million Roma , describing them as "  the largest and most disadvantaged minority in the region . " In May , Amnesty International said Greece had been found guilty of discrimination against Roma schoolchildren in three rulings by the European Court of Human Rights . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Joseph Netto and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	"  Maria " will stay in a Smile for a Child home for now , charity spokesman says The child "  is doing much better " after being taken by police from Roma home , he says "  The girl was found in a state of neglect , both physically and psychologically , " he says Roma community official denies that girl was abused or abducted
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Manned by a pair of trained officers , a large private security jeep moves slowly past the high walls lining a residential street in the suburbs of Johannesburg , South Africa . Heavily armed and alert , the officers scan the designated area , looking for any suspicious activity . They work for CSS Tactical , a private security company hired by local residents to patrol their area and protect them from any potential criminals . "  To be proactive , we need to be noticed , " says Ricky Croock , managing director of CSS Tactical . "  We need people to say ` hold on , there is a dedicated tactical vehicle . ' "  A tactical vehicle is a bigger vehicle -- it is more aggressive , it 's a deterrent . So the first point is we want to deter as opposed to catch crime . " The security officers are well armed . They carry semi-automatic weapons and hand guns and they 're trained in how and when to use them . And while only the police have the power of random stop and search in public places , security companies also stop people they regard as suspicious . From April 2011 to March 2012 there were 15,609 murders in South Africa , as well as 64,514 sexual offenses and 101,203 cases of aggravated robbery . According to the country 's latest "  Victims of crime survey , " 57 % of respondents felt that housebreaking/burglary was the crime most feared in their area of residence . In recent years , South Africa has stepped up efforts to tackle crime , one of the country 's worst social ills . Last September , the South African Police Service said that serious crime in the country had been reduced by 31.8 % from 2004/5 to 2011/12 . But 2011 to 2012 saw a reduction in serious crime of just 1.9 % . "  We only have the official crime statistics to go by , " says Rudolph Zinn of the Institute for Security Studies in South Africa . "  If you look at what the police would report annually in September of every year , we see over the last three or four years that crime has leveled off . "  The more concerning factor is the high percentage of so-called violent or contact crime , which is about a third of all the crime reported to the South African Police Service . " And that 's what has fueled the boom in the country 's private security industry , crime experts say . There are nearly 9,000 companies and 400,000 registered active private security guards . That 's more than the police and army combined , according to South African officials . "  The security industry is bigger than what it has ever been in South Africa , " says Zinn . "  I think the growth in the industry is definitely attributed to the fact that , let 's call it a weak policing or ineffective policing , and it created the opportunity for private individuals to move into the market . " Some of those individuals have a military background . Waal de Waal , chief operating officer at South African-owned Protea Coin , spent 18 years in the special forces and military intelligence before joining the private security sector a decade ago . He is today one of the 17,000 people employed by Protea Coin . Part of the multi-million dollar company 's work is dealing with small-scale crime , like recovering fuel stolen from a petrol station . The company , which also provides security at many of South Africa 's mines and has been kept busy by the recent strikes in the sector , offers a range of services , including 24-hour property monitoring and protection against organized criminal syndicates . "  The role of private security companies is distinctively different to that of the police , " says Petrus Van Niekerk , the chief executive of Protea Coin . "  We view our role as private security to really aid and support the police . " But what happens when private security companies take matters into their own hands ? The South African government claims that it 's an industry that threatens national security and is determined to tighten its regulation . "  A very dangerous situation arises if you have a security industry that outstrips both your police and your army and there is completely no regulation of that industry , " says Jenni Irish-Qhobosheane , the head of the Civilian Secretariat for Police . "  I think the public can find themselves in situations where , basically , they are put at the mercy of private security companies who are unprofessional , " she adds . One measure considered by the country 's government is that private security firms must be owned by South Africans . "  This type of move is going to frighten away foreign direct investment and I think that is a danger , " says Hanes Venter , sales director at the South African arm of G4S , a London-listed global security giant . "  Foreign direct investment is already down year on year but this is a worry from that perspective for me . " Whatever regulations the South African government eventually introduces , it seems unlikely the demand for private securities companies will diminish amid high unemployment rates , as well as widespread poverty and simmering industrial tensions .	South Africa has 400,000 private security guards , and nearly 9,000 security firms Experts put the industry 's growth down to high crime rates and inefficient policing Some claim that the industry is a threat to national security
CNN  A Saudi Arabian rights activist sentenced to prison and 1,000 lashes for insulting Islam will not be flogged Friday because of medical reasons , his wife said . Raif Badawi , convicted on charges that included insulting Islam , had been scheduled to receive the second of 20 sentenced floggings after Friday prayers in Jeddah . He received the first flogging on January 9 . A doctor who examined him before the scheduled flogging determined that his wounds had not yet healed and that the flogging should be delayed , human rights group Amnesty International said . "  The doctor concluded that the wounds had not yet healed properly and that he would not be able to withstand another round of lashes at this time , " Amnesty International said in a statement . Badawi 's wife , Ensaf Haida , said from her home in Canada that she expects the floggings to resume next Friday . One of his friends , Ali Rizvi , said from Toronto that the delay is "  definitely encouraging . " "  None of us are completely satisfied , " he told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  This is the Saudi regime , " he said . "  We do n't know what 's going to happen from here onwards , but it 's definitely a step in the right direction . " Rights groups and others , including the U.S. State Department , have called for Saudi Arabia to call off the floggings , the first of which appeared to be captured on unverified cell phone video uploaded to YouTube . "  Not only does this postponement on health grounds expose the utter brutality of this punishment , it underlines its outrageous inhumanity , " said Said Boumedouha , Amnesty International 's deputy Middle East and North Africa program director . Badawi was convicted in 2014 and sentenced to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes after creating an online forum in 2008 that his wife says was meant to encourage discussion about faith .	Saudi activist 's flogging delayed on medical grounds , his wife says A friend calls the delay "  definitely encouraging "
In the city of Qamishli , on Syria 's border with Turkey , neither the forces of the Syrian regime nor the rebels of the Free Syrian Army are to be seen . But visitors say the Kurdish flag is very evident , and Kurdish fighters man checkpoints around the city . More are being trained in the Kurdish region of neighboring Iraq . Away from the epicenter of the battle for Syria , the Kurdish minority -- about 10 % of the Syrian population -- has gained control of two areas . One is around Qamishli , which has a population of nearly 200,000 ; the other is north of Aleppo in towns like Afrin and Ayn al - ` Arab . They have one aim , best summed up by a poster at a recent rally that read : "  Federalizm  sic  is the best solution for new Syria . " Syria 's Kurds do not live in one region , unlike Iraq 's . They are scattered across northern Syria . But their growing if patchy autonomy promises to be a source of friction with other Syrian groups in the months ahead , and may have seismic consequences for Turkey , Iraq and even Iran . When the unrest began in Syria last year , most Kurds remained on the sidelines . As a minority , they feared the emergence of a Syria dominated by Sunnis . And the main Kurdish group -- the Democratic Union Party , or PYD -- was useful to the regime . It has long been  and remains  an affiliate of the PKK , the militant group in Turkey that has fought for Kurdish autonomy for three decades , a struggle that has claimed tens of thousands of lives . "  The PKK has always had very good connections with the Syrian Kurds and especially with the PYD , " said Turkish journalist Rusen Cakir , who has followed the Kurdish story for decades . "  Many Syrian Kurds have been killed by Turkish security forces in battles with the PKK , " he said . The PKK claims some 3,500 of its "  martyrs " have been Syrian . So the PYD was a tool with which the Assad regime could threaten the Turks should they interfere in events inside Syria , said Soner Cagaptay of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . "  Assad wants to make it difficult for the Turks to intervene without getting into a war with the PKK , and unlike Iraq and Iran , the PKK has real grass-roots support in Syria , " Cagaptay told CNN . For both Assad and the PYD it was an opportunistic relationship . Intelligence sources in the region say the regime even allowed several hundred Kurdish militants back into the country from the Qandil mountains in the far northeastern corner of Iraq , including the group 's leader , Salih Muslim Muhammad . There were also reports that PYD militia were deployed to stifle anti-regime protests by Kurdish youth groups . Then -- in October 2011 -- a prominent Syrian Kurdish activist , Meshaal Tammo , was assassinated . Many Kurds blamed the regime for his murder . The PYD may have feared that any association with the regime -- and lingering suspicions it may have been complicit in Tammo 's murder -- would harm its credibility . It vehemently denied involvement , but has since begun to forge a "  third way , " backing neither the government nor the rebels but using the vacuum of authority to carve out a zone of control . PYD leader Salih Muslim Muhammad told the Berlin-based Kurdwatch blog last year : "  What is important is that we Kurds assert our existence . The current regime does not accept us , nor do those who will potentially come into power . " In July , Assad 's security forces suddenly relinquished control of several Kurdish towns . Cale Salih of the International Crisis Group said that whether they did so voluntarily to focus on other places or were "  told " to leave -- as the PYD insists -- is unclear . The effect was the same : alarm in Turkey , already at war with the PKK in the mountains along the Iraqi border . "  As the Turks see it , with identical PKK/PYD flags reportedly being raised over Ayn al - ` Arab and Afrin , developments suggest that the PKK may be creating a safe haven for itself on Turkey 's border with Syria , " Cagaptay wrote last month on CNN 's Global Public Square . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns that any attempt by the PKK -- which is designated a terrorist organization by both the United States and European Union -- to launch cross-border attacks would be met by force . The Turkish army underlined that warning with a large exercise less than a mile from border villages now controlled by the PYD . The United States has chimed in with its own concerns . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said : "  We share Turkey 's determination that Syria must not become a haven for PKK terrorists whether now or after the departure of the Assad regime . " "  That could be a big disaster for Turkey , not now but maybe in two years , " Cakir said . "  Turkey can never accept the PKK controlling the Syrian side of the border . It is highly possible the Turkish military would intervene in Syria . " The picture is complicated by a brewing battle for supremacy among Syria 's Kurds . The PYD is now being challenged by a loose coalition known as the Kurdish National Council . The group , although riven by internal disputes , is sponsored by the Iraqi Kurdish leader Massoud Barzani . Cagaptay , of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said Barzani has tried to bring the PYD and Kurdish National Council together , but evidence suggests little co-operation and plenty of rivalry . According to Salih , who has traveled widely in the region for the International Crisis Group , there is a real risk of conflict between Kurdish factions for control of Qamishli in coming months . It is where the Kurdish National Council is strongest , but the PYD has been making inroads , and there have already been clashes between supporters of the two groups , she said . Salih said that hundreds of Syrian Kurds -- some of them defectors from the army -- are receiving military training in Iraq . So far it appears they have been unable to return to Syria . Barzani , a veteran Kurdish nationalist , clearly wants to influence events in Syria , but at the same time he realizes that Turkey is important as a route for oil exports from Iraqi Kurdistan . He has no wish to antagonize Ankara , and may even help by trying to "  box in " the PYD . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davotoglu recently called on Barzani in Irbil , and they "  emphasized that any attempt to exploit the power vacuum by any violent group or organization  in Syria  will be considered as a common threat , " a not-so-veiled warning to the PYD . Another element in this explosive regional equation is the strained relationship between the Iraqi Kurds and Iraq 's central government . The Kurds are increasingly at odds with the Shiite government led by Nuri al-Maliki in Baghdad , and so is Turkey , according to Cagaptay . Reports from the border area say the Kurdish peshmerga patrolling the Syrian border are sometimes just a few hundred yards from regular Iraqi troops . However the Syrian revolt unfolds , "  the experience of the Syrian Kurds will have an influence on Iran 's Kurds and Turkey 's Kurdish population , " said Cakir , who is a senior correspondent for the Vatan newspaper . For the PKK , Syria provides an opportunity -- and possibly another front against Turkey 's military . Cakir sees that as adding a new dynamic to Turkish politics . "  The Turkish state has to deal with the PKK in a political way by persuading it to disarm , " he told CNN . "  This will be very difficult , as previous conflicts such as Northern Ireland have shown . But the Turkish military can not defeat the PKK . " He added that , "  according to conventional wisdom , this is not the time to begin such a political initiative , with presidential elections due in 2014 . But we must solve this question as soon as possible or there will be a catastrophe . " Cagaptay agrees that as a new constitution is written in Turkey , the Kurdish issue must be tackled . Turkey 's Kurds , he says , may soon look around the region and see that their brethren in Syria and Iraq are better off . It 's widely assumed that Erdogan will run for the presidency in 2014 . Cagaptay describes him as "  the most powerful elected leader Turkey has ever had , and he has an opportunity to address the Kurdish issue " by advancing autonomy for Turkey 's 14 million Kurds . But for Turkey 's substantial nationalist vote , that may be a bridge too far .	Kurdish fighters have gained control over areas of northern Syria The main Kurdish group , the PYD , has been seen as useful to the Assad regime It has close ties to the PKK , the group fighting in Turkey for Kurdish autonomy The Syrian Kurds ' experience will influence other Kurdish groups , an analyst says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Supreme Court nominee Judge Sonia Sotomayor years ago said she was a "  product of affirmative action " when she was admitted to prestigious universities , but defended the contributions she offered as a Hispanic woman to classroom and workplace diversity . "  I am the perfect affirmative action baby , " Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor said in the 1990s . The statements were part of newly released videos of speeches and panel discussions dating from the mid-1980s that the 54-year-old federal judge provided to the Senate Judiciary Committee , which will begin confirmation hearings July 13 . The remarks offer often-candid insights into the New York native 's views on the law , growing up poor in a Bronx housing project , juggling a career and a social life , and her 1980s divorce . In an early 1990s panel with two other female judges , Sotomayor talked about her educational background and how it helped her in her job as a federal trial judge in Manhattan . "  I am a product of affirmative action , " she said . "  I am the perfect affirmative action baby . I am Puerto Rican , born and raised in the south Bronx . My test scores were not comparable to my colleagues at Princeton and Yale . Not so far off so that I was n't able to succeed at those institutions . " She said that using "  traditional numbers " from test scores , "  it would have been highly questionable if I would have been accepted . " The female panel members politely objected to her characterizations of how she overcame such obstacles , pointing out she graduated from law school with honors and was on the prestigious law review . Sotomayor countered that those were signs test scores alone do not offer the full measure of a person 's capability . Test scores , she said , often can be the result of "  cultural biases . " In a 1986 interview with ABC News profiling young female professionals , Sotomayor said she constantly had to deal with subtle forms of discrimination , particularly when it came to public perceptions . "  I found in my experiences that it 's not that men are consciously discriminating against promoting women , but I do believe as people we have self-images about what 's good , " she said . "  What 's quote-unquote a ` good ' lawyer , doctor , or whatever the profession is . And if you 're a male who grew up professionally in a male-dominated profession then your image of what a good lawyer is is a male image . " Years later on the federal bench , Sotomayor said she encountered similar treatment from older white men particularly , who seemed to speak longer to her than other lawyers . She said the impression she got was that was because she was a woman and a minority . Sotomayor has been criticized by some conservatives for her remarks on diversity , and her 2001 comment that she "  would hope that a wise Latina woman , with the richness of her experiences , would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " In the legal panel , she rejected suggestions that minorities should accept "  selection by merit alone . " She noted , "  It is critical that we promote diversity " by giving women and minorities more opportunities in the law and the judiciary . "  Since I have difficulty defining merit and what merit alone means -- and in any context , whether it 's judicial or otherwise -- I accept that different experiences in and of itself , bring merit to the system , " she said . "  I think it brings to the system more of a sense of fairness when these litigants see people like myself on the bench . " As a judge she offered a variety of thoughts on how a judge should act on the bench . "  I have to unhook myself from my emotional responses and try to stay within my unemotional objective persona , " she told a group of Hispanic lawyers in 2000 . She said in 1994 that such an attitude can be hard to maintain , when as a trial judge she had to deal with some defendants and their families . "  I watch those mothers cry and I ca n't help but feel their pain . Does that translate into a passion or compassion that affects my judgment ? No , but it makes it much more important for me to be careful when I exercise my judgment . " In another panel she noted that she sometimes spoke to some defendants and their families in Spanish in civil cases , to keep them informed of what she was doing . She said she made sure to translate what she was saying into English . In several events she said the life of a lawyer is rarely glamorous . In a 1986 interview she admitted her divorce was caused in part by her commitment to her career , and that her subsequent social life had suffered as a result . And as she grew into her 30s , she lamented her earlier expectations had to that point not been fully realized . "  I 'm very happy with where I am at this point in my life but I think my expectations were greater in ' 76 , " when she graduated from Princeton . "  I mean , I really expected to turn the world on fire . "	Remarks from an early 1990s panel with two other female judges Sotomayor talked about education , background , and how they helped her in her job Says her divorce was caused in part by her commitment to her career Minority judges bring "  to the system more of a sense of fairness , " said Sotomayor
New York  CNN  -- Gus Coletti was shaving when he heard a bang on the door of his house on a barrier island in New York . "  Help me ! Help me ! " a woman pleaded when he opened the door , shaving cream still on his face . Coletti says he dialed 911 as the woman bolted , tripping halfway down his steep wooden staircase before unsuccessfully seeking help at a neighbor 's home . Now , a year later , Coletti is convinced that the woman he saw that morning was Shannan Gilbert , a prostitute whose disappearance triggered an investigation that led police to discover at least eight bodies on a remote stretch of beach in Long Island . In an interview months ago , however , he said he could n't be sure it was Gilbert at his door that day . Police say they suspect a serial killer or killers . Authorities in New York 's Suffolk and Nassau Counties and in New Jersey , along with the FBI , are still searching for Gilbert , a resident of Jersey City , New Jersey . If Coletti did see Gilbert , he may have been the last person known to have seen her before she vanished . Yet he says it took Suffolk County police four months to question him , an assertion the police deny . "  A missing person detective came in August , was asking about her . I said , ` Where have you been ? ' " Coletti said . Investigators in Suffolk County say Coletti gave them a written statement a month after he called 911 to report seeing the woman at his door , but Coletti disputes that . "  They never got a statement from me in June , " he says . Coletti has insisted that he gave police a written statement in December , eight months after he says the woman knocked on his door . The Suffolk County police also say they have spoken to Coletti several times since last May 1 , though they did not specify when those discussions happened . His account is chilling . It was about 5 a.m. when Coletti , 75 , says he heard a knock on the door of his home on the barrier island hamlet of Oak Beach , New York . After the woman dashed away from his house , Coletti says , she hid under his boat , elevated and parked on his lawn , as an SUV drove up . Coletti says he walked up to the vehicle and questioned the driver , whom he described a slim Asian man weighing about 150 pounds . "  I went down , and I stopped him , and I said , ` Where do you think you 're going ? ' " recalled Coletti . The man said he was searching for the woman because she had left a party upset , and he was trying to find her to bring her back to the house , according to Coletti . "  I says , ' I already called the police . Stay right here . ' He says , ` Oh , you should n't have done that . She 's going to be into a lot of trouble . ' I says , ` So are you , ' " Coletti recalled . Gilbert dashed from the boat and ran around the corner toward the beach , Coletti said . The driver then pursued her . Police arrived about 45 minutes later , and Coletti directed them to the road to the beach . Coletti says a detective showed up in August to ask him about what happened that day . In response to Coletti 's "  Where have you been ? " question , the detective told him he had just received the missing person report from New Jersey . "  New Jersey dropped the ball . He blamed it on New Jersey , " Coletti said . Jersey City Police Department spokesman Lt. Edgar Martinez said , "  We have no comment on any ongoing investigation in our jurisdiction . We are investigating a missing person . "	Gus Coletti is convinced that Shannan Gilbert came to his door Gilbert 's disappearance triggered an investigation that led police to discover eight bodies Police suspect a serial killer or killers are responsible for the bodies
EW.com  -- Former "  Bachelorette " Jen Schefft and her husband Joe Waterman welcomed their second daughter , Charlotte Grace Waterman , on Tuesday , July 31 , People reports . Schefft married Waterman in 2009 , and the couple welcomed daughter Mae Elizabeth Waterman in 2010 . The reality star tweeted , "  Our little Charlotte Grace Waterman was born 7/31/12 weighing 8lbs 3oz ! She is a doll and we could n't be happier ! " Schefft won "  The Bachelor " in 2003 , and starred on "  The Bachelorette " in 2005 . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jen Schefft gave birth to a girl She won "  The Bachelor " in 2003 and "  The Bachelorette " in 2005 Charlotte Grace Waterman is Schefft and her husband 's second daughter
CNN  -- Marine biologists have a mystery to solve : Why have the carcasses of two rare oarfish washed up on Southern California shores within a week ? Sightings of the huge deep-sea creatures -- dead or alive -- are unusual , because they typically swim thousands of feet below the surface . A dead 14-foot-long oarfish came ashore in Oceanside , California , on Friday afternoon , according to an Oceanside police dispatcher . A representative of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration was called to haul the serpent-like fish away for study , she said . A group of third-graders on a beach study trip made the discovery , according to CNN affiliate KGTV . The incident is especially puzzling because of the discovery made five days earlier by a marine science instructor while snorkeling off Catalina Island . Jasmine Santana was about 15 feet underwater when she found an 18-foot-long oarfish floating nearby . "  I was first a little scared , " said Santana , who has been working for Catalina Island Marine Institute since January . "  But when I realized it was an oarfish , I knew it was harmless . " Giant eyeball washes up on beach It took Santana 15 minutes to drag the dead fish ashore , where 14 others helped lift the 400-pound carcass out of the water . "  I was really amazed . It was like seeing something in a dream , " said Mark Waddington , the senior captain of Catalina Island Marine Institute 's sailing school vessel the "  Tole Mour " who gave Santana a hand . "  It 's the first time I ever witnessed an oarfish this big . " Discovery makes a splash : The rarest whale Suzanne Kohin , a scientist with the National Marine Fisheries Service , was on hand Friday to take a look at the Oceanside oarfish . "  It 's so rare to find in Southern California , especially in surface water , " Kohin told KGTV . "  They thought it was a very rare event the first time , so these two events that we heard of in the last few weeks are the only ones I 've ever heard of . " Spiders had ancient , big-clawed relatives The Catalina Island Marine Institute , a nonprofit marine science education group , said oarfish "  are rarely seen , dead or alive . " "  It is believed that oarfish dive over 3,000 feet deep , which leaves them largely unstudied , and little is known about their behavior or population . " Waddington , who has been with Catalina Island Marine Institute since 1994 , said it remains unclear why the oarfish was found in shallow water this time , but it appeared to have died naturally . Seal gives shark the slip in great white photo Waddington said while the oarfish 's carcass is still being preserved in ice , Catalina Island Marine Institute has been sending some of its tissues and other samples to marine scientists , including Dr. Milton Love , a fish expert from University of California at Santa Barbara , to study its DNA and diet habits . Waddington said Catalina Island Marine Institute will likely to keep the fish 's skeleton for educational purposes . Its program attracts more than 30,000 school-age children each year . Another rare ` sea monster ' hits California : 15-foot saber-toothed whale	The first oarfish carcass was found off Catalina Island October 13 A dead 14-foot-long oarfish washes ashore in Oceanside , California , on Friday NOAA scientists take the second carcass for study Sightings of the huge deep-sea creatures are rare
CNN  -- The controversial pitch at the new Wembley stadium is to be dug up immediately . Wembley 's pitch has come in for plenty of criticism since the stadium weas reopened in 2007 . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger branded the surface ' a disaster ' after the FA Cup semifinal defeat by Chelsea last Saturday , while Sir Alex Ferguson called it ` dead ' in the aftermath of Manchester United 's penalty shoot-out defeat to Everton 24 hours later . In the wake of such criticism , stadium officials decided to launch a thorough review of the pitch and have concluded the rye grass surface should be replaced with immediate effect . The new pitch will be a different composition to the current one , which it is hoped will be better suited to the stadium design . Although the FA had confirmed there would be a new ` sand-soil ' pitch installed , it was not anticipated the work would be done until after next month 's FA Cup final . There have been problems with the new stadium 's pitch since it first opened just over two years ago . Due to the number of non-footballing events , including pop concerts , which are required at Wembley to make the rebuilding project viable , it was felt the rye-grass option was more likely to withstand the extra punishment . However , it has proved not to be the case , with Wenger claiming the surface is worse than at any of the 20 Premier League grounds . "  When you build a new stadium , the first priority is that the pitch is good , " said Wenger on Tuesday . "  If that 's not right the whole stadium is bad . "  Before everybody wanted to play at Wembley because the pitch was so special . Now , nobody wants to play at Wembley . " Although the FA acknowledge they will still need to change the pitch at regular intervals , the organisation is optimistic the work should at least allow Wembley to restore its previous reputation for a surface of the highest standard . A statement read : "  Wembley Stadium is a multi-purpose venue and needs to be able to offer both a quality playing surface and a quality calendar of events . "  The pitch has always been and will continue to be at the heart of the stadium and of the business . "	The controversial pitch at the new Wembley stadium to be dug up immediately Pitch has received widespread criticism since the stadium reopened in 2007 The number of non-footballing events at the stadium has taken toll on surface
CNN  -- In a campaign to cleanse its national police force of "  rotten apples , " Honduras has placed 176 police officers under investigation for a range of alleged crimes , from corruption to murder . All the officers belong to the same police post , which is based in a Tegucigalpa neighborhood known as "  La Granja , " or the farm , Security Ministry spokesman Silvio Inestrosa told CNN Friday . Officers who worked at the post during the past five years are under investigation , he said . The police scrutiny comes as distrust of police officers reaches new highs , following the killing of two university students , allegedly by police officers . "  As an institution , we have to strengthen the police , but we have to remove the rotten apples , " President Porfirio Lobo said during a speech Thursday . Honduras has the world 's highest murder rate , with a rate in 2010 of 82.1 per 100,000 inhabitants , according to the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime . According to a recent report by the country 's own human rights commission , that rate could increase to 86 per 100,000 this year . Despite the high criminality , Hondurans do n't always turn to the police for help . According to residents , the police are sometimes to be more feared than criminals . This is the context under which two university students last month decided to flee from police instead of being pulled over . According to the national police , the officers shot and injured one of the students and headed toward a hospital . But along the way , police said , the officers instead decided to take the pair to a different location and execute them . The officers implicated in the killings are from the same district that is under investigation . Already , four officers who have been charged with covering up the killings have appeared before a judge . The four officers accused of actually carrying out the killings are fugitives . The investigations and possible firings of the 176 is latest of a series of steps that the government has taken since the outcry over the killings . Days after the incident , the national police shook up its top ranks . "  In these times of violence it is necessary to have new actions , vitality , energy and teamwork with the benefit of the Honduran people in mind , " Security Minister Pompeyo Bonilla said when he announced the changes . Also , lawmakers on Thursday rewrote the country 's policing laws , stripping the national police of its internal affairs department , and handing over such investigations to a new , independent force . Journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report .	In Honduras , 176 police officers are under investigation They all worked at the same police post in Tegucigalpa Officers who worked at the post during the past five years are under investigation
CNN  -- The downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over eastern Ukraine last week , most likely after being struck with a missile fired by pro-Russian rebel forces , was followed this week by the rebels ' shoot-down of two Su-25 attack aircraft deployed by the Ukrainian Air Force . These incidents reflect a typical pattern in insurgencies and counterinsurgency operations . Air power is often crucial in fighting insurgents , as it has been recently in Ukraine . The Ukrainian air force has made up for the poor performance of Ukrainian ground units by driving rebel forces into retreat . The Su-25 ground-attack planes that were shot down this week were part of a renewed Ukrainian air offensive against rebel positions . Because governments fighting insurgencies often enjoy a monopoly or major advantage in air power , rebel fighters must try to offset this advantage by using surface-to-air missiles , or SAMs , and other air-defense weapons . That is precisely what has been happening recently in Ukraine , where pro-Russian rebels have shot down at least a dozen Ukrainian military aircraft over the past few months . The downing of MH17 was apparently a tragic mistake , not a deliberate attack on a passenger airliner flying at high altitude . The pro-Russian rebels evidently believed the target was a large military transport aircraft , only to realize afterward that they had committed a terrible blunder . Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russia rebels ? But even if the downing of the airliner had been deliberate , it would not have been unprecedented . Indeed , on numerous occasions , insurgents armed by Moscow have deliberately shot down civilian planes . In September 1978 , guerrillas from the Zimbabwean People 's Revolutionary Army shot down an Air Rhodesia passenger airliner using a Soviet-supplied SA-7 shoulder-fired SAM . Dozens were killed in the crash , but 56 passengers survived . The guerrillas methodically hunted down the survivors and killed them  though a small number evaded death by hiding  . Five months later , in February 1979 , Zimbabwean guerrillas once again used a Soviet-supplied SA-7 to shoot down an Air Rhodesia passenger aircraft . All the passengers and crew died in the crash . In December 1988 , Polisario Front guerrillas in Morocco used Soviet-supplied missiles to attack two U.S. DC-7 civilian aircraft that were spreading insecticide against a locust infestation . One of the planes crashed , killing all five Americans on board . After the Soviet Union broke apart , the new government in Moscow continued to arm and train insurgent forces , focusing on other former Soviet republics . On three consecutive days in September 1993 , Russian-backed separatist guerrillas in the Abkhazian region of Georgia deliberately attacked Transair Georgian Airways passenger flights , using Russian-supplied shoulder-held SA-7s against two of them in flight and artillery against the third during boarding . A total of 136 people were killed in the three incidents . This record of Soviet and Russian support for insurgents who target civilian aircraft is important to bear in mind when judging the latest crisis over Ukraine . In all these earlier instances from the 1970s through the 1990s , Moscow-backed guerrillas deliberately attacked civilian planes . By contrast , in last week 's downing of MH17 , the likelihood is that the rebels only targeted the passenger aircraft because they thought it was a military plane . No one has yet apologized for the incident , and the pro-Russian forces ' handling of the crash site has been despicable , but the downing was not akin to the deliberate attacks that occurred in earlier years . Many flights soar over conflict zones Many observers have depicted events in Ukraine , including the MH17 tragedy , as reflecting something peculiar about Russian foreign policy under President Vladimir Putin . But as the 1993 attacks by Abkhazian fighters indicate , Putin 's predecessor Boris Yeltsin often dealt with Russia 's neighbors in a similar manner , seeing them as little more than vassal states . Under both Yeltsin and Putin , Russia has bullied , intimidated , destabilized and violated the sovereignty of its neighbors , especially Georgia , Moldova , Tajikistan , Ukraine , and Kyrgyzstan , whenever they have been led by rulers the Russian authorities dislike . Since 1992 , Russia has consistently supported the entrenchment of authoritarian regimes in neighboring states and opposed upheavals and popular unrest directed against authoritarian rulers . The historical record of Russia 's domineering policy toward other former Soviet republics has often been disregarded in the recent flurry of commentary about Ukraine and MH17 . One observer , writing last week on Forbes.com , declared that the MH17 disaster marked "  the first case of rebels , supplied by a major power with surface-to-air missiles , bringing down a passenger plane . " That statement is absurd and reflects an underlying ignorance of the long record of Russia 's imperious dealings with its neighbors . When thinking about where things might head now in Ukraine , we need to separate entrenched patterns from what is truly distinctive . Many observers get caught up with the daily twists and turns and fail to consider relevant historical precedents . In each case in the past when Moscow-backed guerrillas deliberately attacked civilian aircraft , the incidents had no lasting impact on the conflicts and did not induce the Kremlin to back down . After the September 1993 attacks that destroyed three Georgian passenger planes , Yeltsin not only maintained his staunch support of the Abkhazian separatists but also deployed thousands of Russian troops in Abkhazia to deter the Georgian government from trying to reclaim it . Over the past week many have predicted that MH17 will be a "  game-changer " and might even lead to the unraveling of Putin 's regime . The historical record gives us little reason to be confident about such optimistic prognoses . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Mark Kramer : Russia and its proxies have a history of shooting down civilian aircraft Kramer : Russia has bullied , intimidated and violated the sovereignty of its neighbors There is little evidence that this attack , or others in the past , will induce the Kremlin to back down
CNN  -- Roger Federer remained on course to complete a career golden grand slam after brushing aside John Isner of the United States in the quarterfinals Thursday . Federer , desperate to add Olympic singles gold to his 17 grand slam titles , struggled to cope with the giant Isner 's service but still emerged as a 6-4 7-6 winner on Centre Court . A break in the 10th game of the first set gave the Swiss maestro the early advantage , but he was pushed all the way in the second . It went to a tiebreak where a fortuitous net cord for Federer gave the 17-time grand slam champion his passage to the last four . He will now face Juan Martin del Potro of Argentina after the former U.S. Open champion beat Japan 's Kei Nishikori 6-4 7-6 . Only Andre Agassi and Rafael Nadal have achieved the feat of claiming a full set of grand slam titles and backed it it with Olympic gold in the singles . Federer beat Britain 's Andy Murray to win the Wimbledon crown last month and return to top spot in the world rankings . They could be set to meet again after Murray kept home hopes alive with a 6-4 6-1 dismissal of Spain 's Nicolas Almagro in their quarterfinal clash . The Scot , roared on by a partisan home crowd on Centre Court , was never seriously troubled but will have to get past Serbia 's Novak Djokovic to get his chance of golden revenge . Djokovic , who has never lost to Murray in a grand slam , brushed aside Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France 6-1 7-5 to earn his last four place as he bids for a first Olympic singles gold .	Roger Federer remains on course for career golden slam Wimbledon champion beats John Isner in straight sets in quarterfinals Swiss maestro will play Juan Martin del Potro in last four Andy Murray to face Novak Djokovic in other semifinal
CNN  -- Doctors will attempt to determine Monday why actor John Travolta 's teenage son died . An autopsy is scheduled for Monday to determine Jett Travolta 's cause of death . Jett Travolta , 16 , was found unconscious Friday while on vacation with his family in the Bahamas . He was taken by ambulance to a hospital and pronounced dead on arrival , local police said . Doctors will conduct an autopsy Monday , and the boy 's body later will be transferred to Ocala , Florida , for burial , Travolta attorney Michael Ossi said . In a statement posted on the actor 's Web site , Travolta and his wife , Kelly Preston , described Jett as "  the most wonderful son that two parents could ever ask for and lit up the lives of everyone he encountered . " Gallery : Jett Travolta and his family " "  We are heartbroken that our time with him was so brief , " they said . Jett Travolta had a seizure Friday at the West End resort where the Travoltas were staying , Ossi said . Watch how the boy had a history of seizures " Bahamian police said that a caretaker at the resort found the teenager unconscious in the bathroom . Ossi said that Jett struck his head on the bathtub after the seizure . Watch what could have happened to Jett Travolta " Jett 's death "  was completely out of the blue , " he said Friday . "  John and Kelly are happy when their children are happy . This is the worst day of John 's life . " The Travoltas , who arrived in the Bahamas on Tuesday , bought property there several years earlier , said former Bahamian Tourism Minister Obie Wilchcomb , who rushed to the hospital Friday to be with the family . "  Mr. Travolta spent a tremendous amount of time with his son Jett . He never left him at home . He always brought him with him . And once you saw John Travolta , you saw his son Jett . They were very close , very affectionate . Lots of love you see at all times , " Wilchcomb told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " The teen had a developmental disability that his parents have linked to Kawasaki disease , an inflammatory disorder of the artery walls that most commonly occurs in young children and that can lead to heart disease . According to the American Heart Association , "  About 80 percent of the people with Kawasaki disease are under age 5 . Children over age 8 are rarely affected . " Watch CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta discuss Kawasaki disease " The causes of Kawasaki disease are unknown . Some scientists think it 's caused by an infectious agent , such as a virus . Some studies have noted a link between the disease and carpet-cleaning chemicals . "  With my son ... I was obsessive about cleaning -- his space being clean , so we constantly had the carpets cleaned , " John Travolta told CNN 's King in 2001 . "  And I think , between him , the fumes and walking around , maybe picking up pieces or something , he got what is rarely a thing to deal with , but it 's Kawasaki syndrome . " The boy was about 2 at the time he developed the illness , the actor said . The Travoltas also have a daughter , Ella , 8 . CNN 's Valerie Streit contributed to this report .	Jett Travolta died Friday while on vacation with family in the Bahamas The 16-year-old had seizure , struck head on bathtub , lawyer says Boy had suffered from Kawasaki disease , an inflammation of artery walls The teenager will be buried in Ocala , Florida
CNN  -- Funeral and memorial services will take place at week 's end for two young women killed when a train carrying coal derailed near Baltimore , burying them . Elizabeth Nass and Rose Mayr , both 19 , died early Tuesday when the train derailed on the bridge on which they were sitting , spilling coal on top of them , police said . Visitation is scheduled for Thursday and a memorial Mass on Friday for Nass at Church of the Resurrection in Ellicott City , Maryland . For Mayr , two viewings are planned for Friday at Harry H. Witzke 's Family Funeral Home and a funeral service at Bethany United Methodist Church on Saturday , also in Ellicott City . A makeshift memorial of ribbons and flowers sprung up along Main Street , not far from where the women perished , CNN affiliate WJLA-TV reported . The roadway is closed while crews clear the scene and authorities investigate . It is expected to reopen Friday . The National Transportation Safety Board said the crew aboard the train did not apply the emergency brakes just before the accident . Instead , the air brakes were automatically triggered , agency spokesman Jim Southworth said Wednesday , noting that a possible rupture in an air line may have caused the emergency braking . Southworth said the investigation was just in its beginning stages . He added the train , with two locomotives and 80 cars , had been traveling about 25 mph when it jumped the tracks . The first 21 cars behind the locomotives derailed . Maryland train derailment delays terrorism trial at Guantanamo The derailed train also damaged fiber-optic lines and temporarily disrupted Internet service at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , delaying the trial for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others facing terrorism charges this week , a base spokesman said . The facility lost about 50 % of its connectivity , which is serviced by satellite downlink locations in Maine and Maryland , according to Capt. Robert Durand . The service was restored withing 24 hours , a spokesman for Verizon , which maintains the line , said . Howard County Executive Ken Ulman said that once the initial investigation has been completed , authorities will assess how Mayr and Nass got access to the bridge . They were apparently sitting on the bridge ledge just after midnight with their backs to the train when it derailed , according to a written statement from Howard County police . The two posted photos to Twitter shortly before the crash . One showed feet dangling over a road , with the caption "  Levitating . " Another appeared to look down Main Street . Nass tweeted , "  Drinking on top of the Ellicott City sign with @ r0se_petals . " The name Ellicott City is painted on the railroad bridge . Rachel Green , who went to school with Mayr in the nursing program at the University of Delaware , said , despite the Twitter posts , her friend was not irresponsible . "  They were just living life a little bit on the edge , and some people can do that five billion times and they live to be 80 and they live to tell all the times they lived on the edge , " Green told affiliate WMAR-TV . "  Some people do it once in their life , and they ca n't live to tell their tale . " Mayr was about to start her junior year . Nass attended James Madison in Virginia . "  They were both terrific kids , " Mount Hebron High School Principal Scott Ruehl said . "  Both girls were really involved in the dance program . They were pleasant ; they always said hi in the hallway . " Marmie Edwards , a spokeswoman for Operation Lifesaver , a nonprofit organization that promotes railroad safety , said the number of fatalities in 2012 involving people on tracks was up significantly . "  It 's probably just as well to stay away , not just to be off the tracks , but stay away from the train so you know you 're going to be safe , " she said . "  Because it 's hard to say , ` OK , here it 's safe ; there it 's not . ' So just stay away . " According to the Federal Railroad Administration , in the first five months of the year , 178 people were killed in accidents on or near tracks , not including at railroad crossings . iReport : Damaged rail car CNN 's Brian Todd and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	They died early Tuesday when a train derailed on the bridge on which they were sitting NTSB says a break in an air line may have caused emergency braking County official says he plans to assess how the young women got access to the bridge
CNN  -- A fourth man was charged Tuesday with murder in the shooting death of University of Memphis football player Taylor Bradford , Memphis police said . Devin Jefferson , 21 , planned the armed robbery of Bradford because he thought the football player was carrying a large amount of cash , police said . "  He was the brain trust on this one , he was the one that got the information that Taylor had cash , " Sgt. Vince Higgins said . "  Taylor and Jefferson knew each other . They had a girlfriend in common so there was some history there . " Police investigating a car crash on September 30 found Bradford , 21 , fatally wounded near the campus residence hall area . He had apparently gotten into his car after he was shot and drove a short distance before crashing into a tree . The 5-foot-11 , 300-pound defensive lineman from Nashville was taken to Regional Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead . DaeShawn Tate , 21 , Victor Trezevant , 21 , and Courtney Washington , 22 , have been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery , Memphis Police Department Director Larry Godwin said Monday . Homicide investigators developed their case with the help of a citizen 's tip and from Crimestoppers , Godwin said . "  It was an attempted robbery , aggravated robbery , " he said . "  He -LSB- Bradford -RSB- was targeted because of some information that was out there and the fact that they believed he had some cash , or he had something that they wanted . " Officials at the 21,000-student school said Bradford , a marketing major who lived on campus , was popular with the football team and on the campus . He had transferred from Samford University in Birmingham , Alabama , and was 36 credit hours short of graduation . E-mail to a friend	Devin Jefferson , 21 , charged with murder in shooting death of football player University of Memphis athlete Taylor Bradford , 21 , found dead September 30 Three others in custody ; police say Jefferson was the "  brain trust " behind crime After player was shot , he got in his car , drove off and then crashed into a tree
CNN  -- An initial tsunami advisory has been canceled for coastal Alaska . One had been issued after a magnitude 7.9 earthquake struck Monday about 15 miles from Little Sitkin Island , Alaska . The quake had a depth of 71 miles , according to seismologists . The town of Adak evacuated its 150 residents to a shelter about 600 feet above sea level after the initial tsunami warning , City Manager Layton Lockett told CNN . There were no initial reports of quake damage in Adak or on Shemya Island , said Ian Dickson , website manager for the Alaska Earthquake Information Center . Dickson said there were 17 measurable aftershocks in the two hours after the quake . First estimates put the quake at magnitude 8.0 . The strength was subsequently set by the U.S. Geological Survey at 7.9 magnitude . Quakes hit near New Zealand ; no immediate reports of damage Oklahoma quakes this year top tremors in California Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes	Preliminary measures put the quake 's strength at 8.0 , later downgraded to 7.9 An initial tsunami warning was canceled The 150 residents of Adak moved to a shelter on higher ground Adak is on an island off the Alaskan mainland
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . If you 've rewritten that rsum several times and sent out dozens of applications but your job search still shows no promise , you might not be the problem . One frequently overlooked but critical factor in finding a new job is your state 's unemployment rate . You can have the experience and skills of an employer 's dream , but they wo n't do you any good if there just are n't enough jobs available . The unemployment rate is the percentage of job seekers in the work force who are still looking for work . The higher the percentage , the more difficult it is to find a job . The national unemployment rate is 5 percent , based on the most recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics  BLS  . If you 're looking for a job , you should see how your state compares to the rest of the country . Here are the 10 worst states to find work ranked by their unemployment rates . 1 . Michigan Unemployment rate : 7.6 percent Population : 10,071,822 Mean annual wage : $ 41,230 Top industry : Trade , transportation and utilities  18.4 percent  *** 2 . Mississippi Unemployment rate : 6.8 percent Population : 2,918,785 Mean annual wage : $ 30,460 Top industry : Government  21.2 percent 3 . South Carolina Unemployment rate : 6.6 percent Population : 4,407,709 Mean annual wage : $ 33,400 Top industry : Trade , transportation and utilities  19.4 percent 4 . Alaska Unemployment rate : 6.5 percent Population : 683,478 Mean annual wage : $ 43,920 Top industry : Government  25.9 percent 5 . California Unemployment rate : 6.1 percent Population : 36,553,215 Mean annual wage : $ 44,180 Top industry : Trade , transportation and utilities  18.9 percent 6 . District of Columbia Unemployment rate : 6.1 percent Population : 588,292 Mean annual wage : $ 61,500 Top industry : Government  33.3 percent 7 . Ohio Unemployment rate : 6 percent Population : 11,466,917 Mean annual wage : $ 37,360 Top industry : Trade , transportation and utilities  19.3 percent 8 . Arkansas Unemployment rate : 5.9 percent Population : 2,834,797 Mean annual wage : $ 30,870 Top industry : Trade , transportation and utilities  20.6 percent 9 . Nevada Unemployment rate : 5.8 percent Population : 2,565,382 Mean annual wage : $ 36,000 Top industry : Leisure and hospitality  26.5 percent 10 . Kentucky Unemployment rate : 5.7 percent Population : 4,241,474 Mean annual wage : $ 33,490 Top industry : Trade , transportation and utilities  20.4 percent * Unemployment rates , mean annual wages and industry percentages obtained from BLS in January 2008 . Percentages based on nonfarm payrolls , seasonally adjusted . ** Population figures based on U.S. Census Bureau data . *** Top industries are those that employ the largest percentage of a state 's labor force . E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	High unemployment rates can handicap job seekers Michigan , Mississippi and South Carolina have highest rates Alaska 's top industry is government
CNN  -- The Developing Communities Project is a faith-based , nonprofit organization formed when area churches wanted to help people hurt by the 1970s steel plant closings on the South Side of Chicago . It offers job training and literacy programs . It 's working with Loyola University and area municipalities on an infrastructure project designed to address the region 's growing population and create jobs . And its first executive director was Barack Obama . Obama : My vision for America That 's right , the man often accused of being a Muslim spent years working for a Christian organization . The man who supposedly only wants to give handouts to people spent years empowering them through education . The man Republicans accuse of only caring about himself spent his entire adult life helping those less fortunate . True , his first term as president has not come without its disappointments . He said he would cut the deficit -- he has n't . He said his administration would not be politics as usual and then he played politics with immigration reform and gay rights . And Gitmo is still open . But before he was president or senator or even an Illinois state representative , Obama was a young man with a degree from Columbia University who could have done just about anything he wanted , and he chose to go back to his adopted home of Chicago and help poor people . Politics : If Obama wins ... A politician 's record is not confined to what he or she does in office . That 's important , but it 's an abbreviated version co-authored by consultants and edited by poll numbers . To really understand a candidate , voters have to look at the original , unabridged manuscript , the record he or she began writing before realizing someone else might read it . I did n't vote for Obama in 2008 because he was n't George W. Bush . I did n't vote for him out of racial solidarity or because he gives pretty speeches . I voted for Obama in 2008 for the same reason why I voted for him in 2012 -- his record . And his time as a community organizer is part of that of record . Sure , I could rely on numbers to present a strong argument for a second term . About this time four years ago , the country lost 159,000 jobs , the country 's ninth consecutive month of job loss . Last week we learned we created 171,000 jobs , the 25th consecutive month of job growth . Regardless of party , I would think that would be seen as a good thing . Our housing prices have rebounded to where they were nine years ago , and the Dow Jones Index recently closed at its highest mark in five years . I could also point to the death of Osama bin Laden or the currency collapse in Iran because of the sanctions that he 's led . But to fully understand why I voted for Obama , one only needs to look at this quote from author H. Jackson Brown Jr. : "  Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking . " Opinion : What 's really at stake in election 2012 When no one was looking , Obama was a humble community organizer fighting for poor Americans who had lost their jobs . Four years ago , his critics mocked him for that . Today , we see a lot has changed about him ... but not that . He is still fighting for those Americans who are hurting , and it gives me a measure of peace knowing that the person in charge of making tough budget cuts has a record of working with people who are hurting . I 'm sure Mitt Romney is a decent man , and he 's given millions to his church . But I ca n't shake the fact the self-proclaimed "  son of Detroit " did not come around the city when it began to struggle in the 1980s . The great "  job creator " did nothing for the city when it was hemorrhaging jobs in the 1990s and to this day he only seems to come around Detroit during election time . If this is how the "  son " treats family , I can only imagine the disregard he holds for strangers . Actually I do n't have to imagine . I watched the 47 % video . The one that was taped when he thought no one outside of the room would be listening . This is why he 's trailing in Michigan and Massachusetts , the two states to which he 's most closely tied . It 's not because he 's Republican . The three Massachusetts governors before Romney were Republican , while four of the past six governors in Michigan were Republicans , including his father . He trails because the people there know him . They know his record . His real record . Not the manicured version he presents on the campaign trail , but the unabridged version he began writing before his life in politics began . The version all future politicians script with the decisions that they make . I 'm not wearing blinders . I know Obama is just as flawed as Romney . He 's a politician . How can he not be ? But at the end of the day I 'd rather have President Barack Obama in the White House , someone with a record of being about the work of helping others before he was in office , than Mitt Romney , someone who has a record of talking about it once he got there . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : In Chicago , Obama directed faith-based group to help displaced workers He says Obama not perfect , but his early choices showed will to help those in need He says there are good reasons for another term : Jobs numbers , housing prices LZ : Romney shows up in home states in election ; Obama has record of helping others
April 23 , 2015 Some questions addressed this Thursday : How has the U.S. Supreme Court addressed the use of force by police ? What impact might lower gas prices be having on hybrid vehicle sales ? What is "  The Blob , " and what role does it play in the Pacific Ocean ? We 're also delivering a random fact about a state vegetable and showing how a robot has two legs up on good balance . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Istanbul  CNN  -- A court in Turkey 's capital , Ankara , lifted a ban on the YouTube video sharing website Friday , the semiofficial Anadolu news agency reported . The ruling came a day after Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's office said Turkey 's ban on the social media service Twitter had been lifted . Ankara 's Golbasi Court opted Friday to lift its March 27 ruling that barred access to all YouTube content , Anadolu reported , but decided to continue a block on 15 specific YouTube links . In its ruling , the court said that blocking access to the website was contrary to fundamental rights and freedom of expression , the news agency said . It 's not clear how soon the ruling will come into effect . Access to YouTube still appeared to be blocked for Turkish users Friday . The restoration of Twitter came after Turkey 's Constitutional Court ruled Wednesday that the ban violated the right to free expression and demanded that citizens ' access to the popular microblogging service be restored . Several Twitter users told CNN on Thursday that the social media service was now functional inside the country . Disruption to the service began hours after Erdogan threatened to "  eradicate " Twitter at a campaign rally on March 20 , blaming social media for fueling anti-government rhetoric . The YouTube ban was imposed less than a week later . Turks went to the polls in nationwide municipal elections Sunday . Wiretap leaks The Turkish government said its YouTube block was a response to the leak of a conversation between top government officials purportedly discussing the possibility of going to war with neighboring Syria . Turkey 's top media regulating agency announced a similar ban on the broadcast of the conversation to television and radio channels . Members of Turkey 's political elite have been battered by a campaign of wiretap leaks recorded by unknown operatives and distributed daily on the Internet for more than a month . Until the purported Syria-related leak , all of the wiretaps seemed to be recordings of phone conversations among Erdogan , his inner circle , government officials and top corporate executives . Erdogan , of the ruling Justice and Development Party , has called some recordings "  immorally edited material , " including a conversation in which a man who sounds like the Prime Minister purportedly instructs his son to hide tens of millions of dollars in cash from police investigators . But he has also confirmed the authenticity of other wiretaps , in which he is heard instructing the head of a major television news network to cut short the live broadcast of a rival politician 's speech in parliament . Turkey 's government has accused social media platforms , including Twitter and Facebook , of being used to spread false information and lies . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	NEW : Access to YouTube still appeared to be blocked for Turkish users on Friday Access to Twitter was restored in Turkey on Thursday after a Constitutional Court ruling Turkey 's Prime Minister last month blamed social media for fueling anti-government rhetoric
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Some $ 700 million in economic stimulus money intended to upgrade baggage screening systems at airports will go further than originally expected , Department of Homeland Security officials said Wednesday . The new systems can process up to 500 bags an hour , compared to the 150 to 160 bags per hour on the older machines , the TSA said . The DHS said the money will now upgrade systems at 10 additional airports . Earlier this year the DHS announced funding for baggage screening at airports in 15 cities . The money will be used to speed up construction of in-line baggage screening systems , which take advantage of the airline 's existing conveyor belt systems to check bags , eliminating the need for minivan-size bomb detection systems now found in many airport lobbies . Government auditors have long complained about existing systems , which the Transportation Security Administration rushed into place to meet congressional deadlines after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . At airports with in-line systems , airline workers at the ticketing counters place the bags on conveyor belts , which pass through explosive detectors on their way to the aircraft . That is more efficient than stand-alone systems , which the TSA employees must staff . In addition , in-line systems can process up to 500 bags an hour , compared to the 150 to 160 bags per hour processed by stand-alone machines , the TSA said . Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said in a statement that DHS was able to "  stretch our resources " by managing the recovery money and by negotiating with airports . In addition to the $ 700 million intended for checked baggage systems , $ 300 million is being allocated for checkpoint technology , such as new X-ray machines , "  whole body imaging " technology and bottled liquid scanners . The new airports expected to get stimulus money for in-line explosive detection systems are :  Washington Dulles International Airport  Chantilly , Virginia  Lambert-St . Louis International Airport  St. Louis , Missouri  Yellowstone Regional Airport  Cody , Wyoming  William P. Hobby Airport  Houston , Texas  St. Petersburg/Clearwater International Airport  St. Petersburg , Florida  Gallatin Field Airport  Bozeman , Montana  Little Rock National Airport  Little Rock , Arkansas  Tulsa International Airport  Tulsa , Oklahoma  Charlotte Douglas International Airport  Charlotte , North Carolina  Colorado Springs Airport  Colorado Springs , Colorado Earlier this year , DHS announced funding for airports in the following cities : Atlanta , Georgia ; Columbus , Ohio ; Dayton , Ohio ; Honolulu , Hawaii ; Huntsville , Alabama ; Jackson , Wyoming ; Maui , Hawaii ; New Orleans , Louisiana ; Orange County , California ; Orlando , Florida ; Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; Portland , Maine ; and Sacramento , San Francisco and San Jose , California . To learn more about the DHS Recovery Act projects , visit www.dhs.gov/recovery .	Department of Homeland security says stimulus money can be stretched DHS identified 10 additional airports to receive in-line baggage screening systems Updated screening process is more efficient than stand-alone machines
EW.com  -- HBO will bow the fourth and final season of "  Eastbound and Down " on Sept. 29 . Production on the eight-episode season will start Friday in North Carolina . The single-camera comedy stars Kenny Powers as a former major league pitcher . The third season concluded in April 2012 and was thought to be its last , though HBO convinced star Danny McBride and executive producers Jody Hill , Will Ferrell , Chris Henchy and Adam McKay to create more episodes of the cult hit . The upcoming fourth season picks up the action several years later and finds Kenny living the American Dream with his family in North Carolina . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The final season of "  Eastbound and Down " is coming Production will start Friday in North Carolina The third season concluded in April 2012 and was thought to be the last
CNN  -- Teenagers looking to buy cigarettes in New York may have to look elsewhere if a city council proposal is approved and signed by Mayor Michael Bloomberg . The proposal would raise the legal age to buy any form of tobacco from 18 to 21 . But will it be effective in limiting smoking among young people ? Approximately 90 % of smokers have already started smoking by age 18 , according to the Surgeon General . "  Of every three young smokers , only one will quit , and one of the remaining smokers will die from tobacco-related causes , " according to the Surgeon General 's 2012 report , "  Preventing Tobacco Use Among Youth and Young Adults . " The key is to "  try to reduce the number of young people who ever try a cigarette , " said Dr. Michael Steinberg , director of the Tobacco Dependence Program at Rutgers University in New Brunswick , New Jersey . Steinberg is the co-author of a commentary published Monday in the Annals of Internal Medicine that looks at the pros and cons of the New York proposal . Critics say small businesses will suffer , and the city will lose tax revenue . Others say the proposed law will be hard to enforce and will impinge upon individual rights . But Steinberg argues teens need help to avoid picking up the habit . "  I think a 21-year-old is much more likely , based on their maturity and life experiences , to be able to make an informed rational decision about a behavior that might affect the rest of their life than , say , an 18-year-old , " Steinberg said . He said that an 18-year-old is not necessarily thinking about the risks associated with smoking . "  Cigarettes and tobacco contain some of the most addictive chemicals in our society , " said Steinberg . "  Smoking a cigarette delivers more nicotine more efficiently to your brain than if you were to inject nicotine intravenously . " Tobacco study finds ` urgent need ' for policy change The New York proposal was introduced in April by Dr. Thomas A. Farley , the city 's health commissioner , and Christine C. Quinn , City Council speaker and a mayoral candidate . A vote on the proposal is expected to take place this fall , according to a spokesperson from the City Council 's office . Federal law prohibits the sale of tobacco to people under the age of 18 . Alaska , Alabama , Utah and New Jersey require people to be 19 . Officials in New York estimate that raising the purchasing age to 21 will cut tobacco use by 55 % among 18 - to 20-year-olds and lead to a 67 % drop among teens aged 14 to 17 years . Steinberg knows that limiting access to tobacco is not the only strategy for reducing youth smoking , but it 's a start . "  It 's not going to fix the problem in and of itself , " said Steinberg . "  You also need educational programs . " The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force , a panel of health care experts , now recommends that primary care physicians offer patients interventions , education and counseling to prevent tobacco use among children and adolescents . Their reasoning ? If teens never light up , they may never get hooked . Large sugary drinks flow in NYC as officials appeal ruling	New York proposal would raise the legal age to buy any form of tobacco from 18 to 21 Approximately 90 % of smokers have already started smoking by age 18 Co-author of a commentary argues teens need help to avoid picking up the habit
CNN  -- Inter Milan have been hit with a $ 50,000  $ 65,500  fine after their fans racially abused AC Milan striker Mario Balotelli during Sunday 's derby match at the San Siro . Balotelli was making just his fourth appearance for Milan against city rivals Inter , a team with which he spent four years between 2006 and 2010 . The sanction comes after Inter 's fans chanted racial slurs at the 22-year-old Italy star , as well as displaying offensive banners and aiming a laser pen at the 22-year-old , who signed from English Premier League champiins Manchester City in January . Balotelli himself was fined $ 10,000  $ 13,000  for aiming a gesture at fans as he headed down the tunnel at the end of the 1-1 draw . A statement from the Italian Football Federation  FIGC  cited chanting which started in the 11th minute and was repeated in the 15th , 16th and 19th minutes . The punishment is also for similar chants directed at another player in the 30th and 44th minutes of the first half . Reports suggested Inter fans waved inflatable bananas , although there was no evidence connecting the objects with any incidents of racism . Inter were fined $ 15,000  $ 19,000  earlier this month after their fans chanted racist abuse about Balotelli during a match with Chievo . It is the second time in recent months an AC Milan player has been the target of abuse . During an exhibition match with Fourth Division team Pro Patria in January , Ghanaian midfielder Kevin Prince-Boateng walked off the pitch after he was subject to monkey chants . Balotelli was at the center of an embarrassing incident for the AC Milan hierarchy just days after signing for the team . Paolo Berlusconi , the club 's vice president and younger brother of owner and former Italian prime minister Silvio , referred to Balotelli as "  the family 's little black boy . " Balotelli has made an instant impact on his return to Serie A , scoring four goals in four games as Milan climbed above Inter in the table and into fourth place . The striker 's time at Manchester City was dominated by controversy , including an altercation with manager Roberto Mancini on the club 's training ground .	Inter Milan fined $ 65,500 for racist abuse during Sunday 's derby with AC Milan Inter fans directed taunts at their former player Mario Balotelli Fans also displayed offensive banners , used a laser pen and abused a second player Balotelli fined for gesturing at fans as he left the pitch
On paper , Nur Suryani Mohamed Taibi is entirely average for athletes competing in the women 's 10-meter air rifle event at the 2012 London Olympics . There 's just one difference : when she steps up to the line to shoot , she will be eight months pregnant . "  When I found out that I was pregnant before competing in the Asian meet , I thought that that was the end of my Olympic dream as I will have to turn my attention to the baby , " she told Malaysian 's leading newspaper , The Star . "  But when I eventually qualified for the 10-meter air rifle event on merit , it made me rethink that perhaps I am supposed to go all the way despite my pregnancy . " Nur Suryani is not only the sole pregnant woman in this year 's games , she is also the first female Malaysian rifle shooter to compete in Olympic history , according to The Star . While shooting requires less physical strain on the body than sprinting or some of the other summer sports , Nur Suryani said she has had to alter her stance and train at all times of day to predict how she would feel during competition . "  The Olympic Games are important to me ... Every athlete dreams of competing at the Olympics , " she told the Star . "  Yes , there will be pressure on me to perform , but I will just focus on my preparation and nothing else . " But Nur Suryani is not alone in navigating the Olympics games while expecting . The first pregnant athlete to compete was Magda Julin of Sweden , who was four months pregnant when she won the gold medal in figure skating during the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp , Belgium , according to her Sports-Reference biography . Figure skating did not become a winter event until 1924 . Diana Sartor of Germany took fourth in the skeleton race in the 2006 Winter Olympics while in her first trimester and most recently , Kristie Moore served as an alternate to the Canadian curling team in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver . Moore was called up during a match against Sweden , who took gold ahead of Canada 's silver . Nur Suryani is ranked 47th in the world and took gold at the Commonwealth Games in New Delhi in 2010 after placing third in the 2010 Asian Games held in Guangzhou , China . The 10-meter air rifle event is set for July 28 .	Malaysian shooter Nur Suryani Mohamed Taibi will compete while eight months pregnant Nur Suryani is the first female shooter to compete for Malaysia in the Olympic games Three other female athletes have competed while pregnant in Olympic history Nur Suryani is ranked 47th in the world and will compete in the 10m air rifle on July 28
CNN  -- An unmanned moon lander under development crashed and blew up during an engine test Thursday afternoon at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center , the space agency reported . There were no injuries in the failed test of the lander , dubbed "  Morpheus . " The craft had gone through several previous exercises in which it was hung from a crane , but Thursday was to have been its first free flight . Instead , the prototype rose a short distance , rolled over and slammed into the ground . The craft caught fire immediately and exploded about 30 seconds later . "  The vehicle itself is lost , " Jon Olansen , the Morpheus project manager , told reporters . "  But we are working currently on gathering more data and information to understand what occurred in the test and how we can learn from it and move forward . " Read more about space and science on CNN 's Light Years blog Olansen said operators have recovered memory devices from the wreckage and will be pulling the data off of them for clues to the cause of the accident . "  From early indications , it seems to be within our guidance navigation control system , seems to point toward hardware , " Olansen said . In a written statement , NASA said failure is "  part of the development process for any complex spaceflight hardware , " and designers will learn from whatever caused Thursday 's crash . The Morpheus lander is designed to carry up to 1,100 pounds of cargo for a future moon mission . Its engines are fueled partly by methane , which the agency says is easier to handle and store than other propellants such as liquid hydrogen or hydrazine . Olansen said the space agency has spent about $ 7 million on the project over two and a half years , and the test lander lost Thursday was "  in the $ 500,000 class . " Another one is currently under construction at the Johnson Space Center in Houston and may be complete in two to three months . "  We want to make sure that what we learn today gets applied to that next vehicle , " he said . Opinion : Why I love Mars CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The vehicle itself is lost , " program chief says NEW : Operators are recovering data from the crashed lander The unmanned Morpheus is designed to carry cargo to the moon NASA calls failed tests "  part of the development process "
CNN  -- Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen clocked the fastest time on the final day of Formula One Testing at Jerez Friday . The 2007 world champion came home in a time of one minute 18.148 sec off 83 laps with Force India 's test driver Jules Bianchi in second spot on 1:18.175 . Ferrari 's Felipe Massa 's time of one minute 17.879 seconds , which was set on Thursday , remained the fastest time of the whole week . But Raikkonen , who finished third in the title race last season , is encouraged by the progress made over the past four days . Webber vows to battle Vettel for F1 title "  We continued our work from Thursday and made some good progress , " he told reporters ahead of the next test session in Barcelona on February 19 . "  We 're at the top of the timing monitors , but that means nothing in testing . Our focus has been testing parts on the car , but I 've been able to get the set-up more to my liking . "  For sure there 's more work to be done in this area , but that 's what we 're here for . The car feels strong and we seem to have a good idea of where we 're going with improvements . Let 's see what happens in Barcelona . " Vettel revs up for glory Meanwhile , triple world champion Sebastian Vettel was satisfied with his day 's work , despite being delayed by a pot-hole in the track . "  Everyone is on the limit here , running wide , using the maximum amount of track and the kerbs and unfortunately it started to break up , " he told reporters . "  But the circuit did a very good job over lunch to get everything sorted and gave us an extra half hour at the end , so no real problem . " Vettel completed 96 laps following the 30 minute wait and the German driver was left impressed with the car 's reliability . "  I think for the whole team it 's been quite a good test , " said the German . "  No problems in terms of reliability and we did a lot of laps , so I 'm quite pleased with the results . "  I feel a bit better than last year . I think we had some issues with reliability then , so it seems we have done our homework well . "	Kimi Raikkonen the fastest man on the track on final day of testing Ferrari 's Felipe Massa clocked the best time of the week Sebastian Vettel completed 96 laps after pot-hole delay
Beijing , China  CNN  -- China and the United States , the largest producers of greenhouse gases , will team up to fight climate change and create clean energy , their leaders said Tuesday . Chinese President Hu Jintao and President Obama said their nations will cooperate to advance technologies and work toward a global agreement on reducing carbon emissions . "  As the two largest consumers and producers of energy , there can be no solution to this challenge without the efforts of both China and the United States , " Obama said . "  That is why we 've agreed to a series of important new initiatives in this area . " What would you ask Obama ? Share your question for CNN 's interview After Tuesday 's meeting , Hu told reporters , "  We agreed to expand our cooperation on climate change , energy and environment , " which includes developing a China-U.S. clean energy research center . The declaration by Hu and Obama comes ahead of next month 's U.N. Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen , Denmark , and follows recent acknowledgment by the world 's top economic powers , including the U.S. , that there 's no hope of a major breakthrough on climate change by year 's end . The U.S. president said the two leaders want to accelerate the world toward a pact to cut greenhouse gases . The leaders did not offer a time frame , however . "  Our aim ... is not a partial accord or a political declaration , " Obama said , "  but rather an accord that covers all of the issues in the negotiations and one that has immediate operational affect . "  This kind of comprehensive agreement would be an important step forward in the effort to rally the world around a solution to our climate challenge . " Instead of reaching a final deal in Copenhagen , a strategy dubbed "  one agreement , two steps " was unveiled at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum summit over the weekend in Singapore . The aim is to produce a pact over a longer period . The first step would be to have all 191 countries involved in the Copenhagen summit signing on to a framework that includes key ingredients , such as how to finance the coordinated effort to battle climate change . The second step , a binding deal on cutting carbon emissions , would be hashed out in further negotiations . "  Opportunity is knocking . It is up to you to open the door , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement Monday . "  We must seize this opportunity to create a safer and more prosperous future for all , to reduce the emissions that are causing climate change and to help the most vulnerable adapt to impacts that are already under way . " Like the United States and China , APEC and Group of 20 leaders -- the world 's leading economies -- have pledged to drive toward a climate-change agreement in Copenhagen . The conference , set to begin December 7 , aims to strike a deal on a successor agreement to the Kyoto Protocol , the 1997 pact that has legally binding targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions . The United States never ratified it , though more than 200 other nations did .	President Obama , Chinese leader pledge to work to reduce carbon emissions Move comes before U.N. Climate Change Conference in Denmark China and U.S. are largest producers of greenhouse gases Obama , Chinese President Hu Jintao do n't offer a timetable
New York  CNN  -- A New York judge has thrown out a lawsuit filed by a group of atheists , ruling that a pair of World Trade Center beams in the shape of a cross can be included in a memorial museum of the 9/11 terror attacks . American Atheists filed the lawsuit in July , arguing that the "  government enshrinement of the cross " was an impermissible mingling of church and state . The World Trade Center cross , two intersecting steel beams that held up when the twin towers collapsed on September 11 , 2001 , is seen as iconic to some . In 2011 : Cross moved to permanent 9/11 Memorial site The cross was moved in July from near a church to its new home at the 9/11 Memorial and Museum , located at ground zero in Lower Manhattan . Father Brian Jordan , a Franciscan priest who ministered to workers clearing the area after the attacks , led a ceremonial blessing of the cross . Federal Judge Deborah Batts of the Southern District of New York ruled Thursday that display of the beams is permissible because they bear historical importance . Note lets family know 9/11 victim went down fighting Named defendants included the museum , New Jersey , the city of New York , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . "  The museum is gratified by the decision , " Mark Alcott , the lawyer for the 9/11 Memorial and Museum , told CNN on Friday . "  The plan has been to display this as one of hundreds and hundreds of artifacts ... because it is part of the history of the recovery efforts after the 911 attacks . "  For some of these people , -LSB- the cross -RSB- had symbolic significance , " he continued , referring to first responders . "  They treated it as a religious object and it gave them a great deal of comfort at a difficult time . The 9/11 museum is simply depicting what happened . " David Silverman , president of American Atheists , told CNN , "  We are angry that we have to have this fight . " Silverman said it was clear that the cross was regarded as sacred , noting that it "  was installed in a religious service on consecrated ground by a priest . How anyone could say that is secular is beyond me . " September 11 "  affected all Americans , not just Christians , " Silverman continued . "  We will not sit and let the 500 atheists who died on 9/11 go unnoticed . " Silverman said his group plans to appeal the decision . "  We are confident that we will eventually win this case and that cross will be removed , or atheists will be allowed to have our own symbol in there , " he said . Memorial tourism bears witness to tragedy	Two intersecting steel beams that stayed intact on WTC were treated as iconic Judge throws out a lawsuit by an atheist group challenging its inclusion in the 9/11 museum Judge : Museum 's display is permissible because the beams have historical importance 9/11 "  affected all Americans , not just Christians , " says president of American Atheists
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israeli Embassy in Amman on Thursday sent home all but a skeleton staff due to security considerations , an Israeli Foreign Ministry official told CNN . The official , who asked not to be identified in keeping with diplomatic protocol , said the staffers typically travel from Amman to Israel every Friday and Saturday . They were sent home a day early this week after last week 's ransacking of the Israeli Embassy in Cairo by protesters and plans for anti-Israel protests this week in Amman . The turnout for Thursday 's demonstration in the Jordanian capital , however , was small . The full embassy staff is expected to return Sunday to work in Amman . Anti-Israel demonstrations have been taking place in Amman for the past several weeks . One group , called "  Million Man March to Close the Israeli Embassy in Jordan , " has more than 3,000 members on its Facebook page . The group 's motto is : "  No Zionist embassy on Jordanian land . " The main group calling for the protests seems to be an organization called Jamee al-Kalouti , or JAK . Dozens of its members have protested at the embassy every Thursday for years to denounce Jordan 's ties with Israel . The group calls for the expulsion of the ambassador and annulment of the 1994 peace treaty that established diplomatic relations between Jordan and Israel . Eyewitnesses reported that security was increased around the already-fortified embassy in the western part of Amman in anticipation of the protest . More than half of Jordan 's 6.5 million residents are of Palestinian origin . In Cairo on September 9 , an estimated 3,000 Egyptian protesters tore down a wall surrounding the building that houses the Israeli Embassy there and entered its offices , tossing papers bearing Hebrew writing from the windows and into the streets . An Egyptian commander at the embassy told CNN that security personnel were ordered to avoid confrontations with protesters , who cheered the embassy 's demolition and chanted calls for the ouster of Israel 's ambassador to Egypt . However , the Egyptian Health Ministry told the state-sponsored Al-Ahram newspaper that three people were killed and more than 1,000 injured in clashes between security forces and demonstrators . Amnesty International said 130 people were arrested . Egypt 's military leaders promised the following day to re-establish order . Officials reactivated the country 's emergency law , according to Mohamed Hegazy , spokesman for the prime minister . The government also vowed to try those responsible for the attack on the Israeli Embassy , which pushed Israel to withdraw its diplomatic personnel from Egypt , Hegazy said . Amnesty International warned of the consequences of the expanded emergency law , calling it "  the greatest erosion of human rights since the resignation of President Hosni Mubarak earlier this year . " Egyptians have been angry about the killing last month of five Egyptian police officers by Israeli soldiers when Israel went after militants who had attacked civilians near the Israeli-Egyptian border . Since the revolution that ousted Mubarak in February , many Egyptians have taken to the streets to call for the end of diplomatic relations with the Jewish state . After the incident , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel will stick to its 1979 peace agreement with Egypt . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and journalist Amy Hybels contributed to this report .	NEW : Turnout at the protest is small The protest group 's motto is "  No Zionist embassy on Jordanian land " The move comes a day early in anticipation of an anti-Israeli protest All but a skeleton staff has been sent home from the embassy
DECATUR , Georgia  CNN  -- Fourth-grade teacher Elisabeth Beckwith wants her students at Fernbank Elementary School in Decatur , Georgia , to pay attention to a lesson on Greek mythology . Fourth-graders at Fernbank Elementary in Decatur , Georgia , practice the "  dromedary delight . " Instead of staring at the board in the front of the classroom , the kids are lying on the floor near their desks practicing yoga . "  It 's fun , " says 9-year old Jack Besser . "  It gets out the cramps after you 've been sitting for an hour . " Besser 's classmate Medha Prakash says the yoga drills help her to concentrate . "  It makes me feel calm , relaxed and it gets all the stress out of me . " Beckwith has linked the symbols of Greek gods to yoga poses , such as down dog and the stork . She 's hoping the students will better retain the material and be re-energized in the middle of the day . "  It 's a fun way for them to think about things , " Beckwith says . "  You know , it 's healthy for them because they 're getting the breathing right and getting the stretching right . " Beckwith and other teachers at the suburban Atlanta public school started offering yoga in the classroom two years ago . They received instruction from YogaKids International , an Indiana-based company that distributes teaching materials to more than 50 schools around the country . A similar program is offered by California-based YogaEd . Watch how yoga is working at one elementary school . " At Fernbank Elementary , teachers hold up large flash cards with kid-friendly poses that are easy for the students to imitate . Step-by-step instructions are on the back for teachers to read out loud . In addition to incorporating yoga into lesson plans , it 's being used in physical education classes throughout the day . PE teacher Katie Bashor says it helps instill discipline . "  If you say you 're going to do yoga with the kids , they just immediately start focusing . " From kindergarten through fifth grade , students are learning to use deep breathing and basic yoga at their desks to cope with stress and anxiety that may occur before taking tests . School guidance counselor June Neal has seen a measurable difference among the students . "  We 've seen an improvement in test scores and test-taking skills because their stress level is decreased after yoga . " Neal is n't worried about criticism that may be aimed at the school for taking time away from daily lessons to stretch and meditate . "  An elementary school is more than reading , writing and arithmetic , " says Neal . "  You do need some down time , you do need some way to express yourself and to reduce anxiety that comes along with being in school . " Best-selling author Dr. Andrew Weil believes anxiety and stress are some of the biggest reasons young students get sick at the start of the fall semester . "  I think parents underestimate how stressful going back to school is , " he says . "  I think it 's as stressful as a grown-up starting a new job . " Weil says stressed-out kids may complain of stomach pain or a headache instead of dealing with a stressful situation at school . He recommends training children to do simple deep-breathing techniques , just as adults do , to help with stress management . Beckwith 's class might be just what the doctor ordered . After 30 minutes of coaching her students through different yoga poses , the kids seem calm but excited about what they 've learned . "  They get energized when they 're supposed to be energized , " says Beckwith . "  It just gives them a little tweak to their day so they 're not just sitting at their desk . " E-mail to a friend Judy Fortin is a correspondent with CNN Medical News .	Suburban Atlanta elementary offers yoga in class Teacher links mythology characters , symbols to yoga positions Students also use deep breathing , yoga basics to cope with pre-test stress
CNN  -- Former world champion Nicky Hayden could miss MotoGP testing in Sepang , Malaysia , at the end of next month after suffering a heavy crash in training . The 30-year-old Ducati rider -- winner of the world championship in 2006 -- suffered a broken left shoulder blade and two fractured ribs in the incident at a private track near his home in Kentucky , . Winter testing begins on January 31 , although Hayden , who had only just returned to riding after crashing heavily during the Valencia Grand Prix in November , released a statement saying he hoped to be fit in time . 2012 MotoGP season brought forward "  Obviously , injuries are never good , but it is part of motorcycle racing , " said Hayden . "  Just like at Valencia , it was kind of a freak accident . I was starting to train again , like I normally do during the winter , at a private track near my house . "  I came up behind another rider , and he went to move out of the way . I was n't going that fast , but he clipped my front wheel and I went down and landed pretty hard on my left shoulder , and that was it . " Hayden continued : "  It 's disappointing , but there 's nothing to do about it but heal quickly . Anyway , this does n't change my expectations for 2012 which , fortunately , is just around the corner . " The first race of the new season will take place at the desert circuit of Losail in Qatar on April 8 .	American Nicky Hayden is doubtful for MotoGP testing in Malaysia at the end of January Hayden broke his left shoulder blade and suffered two fractured ribs in a training crash 30-year-old Ducati rider Hayden won the MotoGP world championship in 2006
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The Thai government on Sunday extended a curfew in the capital and nearly a third of the country 's provinces for at least two more nights , but shortened the hours when residents are required to stay off the streets . In his weekly television address , Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said officials would extend the curfew , which had been scheduled to end Sunday morning . He said the curfew would stretch from 11 p.m. to 4 a.m. -- starting two hours later and ending an hour earlier than it had for the past three nights . He said officials would review whether a curfew remained necessary in the coming days . In his address , Abhisit repeated his push for national reconciliation . He said an independent fact-finding committee would review events that took place during the protests and officials would conduct a national survey to determine peoples ' needs and wishes . Timeline of Thailand 's political crisis "  Everything is calm and returning to normalcy , " he said , according to the Thai News Agency . Crews are cleaning up Bangkok 's streets and government agencies and schools will reopen Monday , Abhisit said . More than 1,000 businesses have registered for assistance after sustaining damages as protests , riots and clashes between anti-government demonstrators and troops rocked Bangkok 's main shopping district , he said . Officials imposed a curfew in Bangkok on Wednesday after government troops surged into Lumpini Park , where anti-government Red Shirt demonstrators had amassed . What were the protests about ? After hours of intense street battles , five anti-government protest leaders were taken into custody . At least three more turned themselves in Thursday . Red Shirt leaders called off the protest , but some did not heed the call as smaller riots erupted in the city . More than 30 buildings -- including a bank , a police station , a local television station and Thailand 's biggest shopping mall -- were set ablaze . At least 50 people have been killed in clashes in the past several weeks and nearly 400 people injured , government officials said . The Red Shirt opposition members support former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless military coup in 2006 . They had been protesting for weeks , demanding that Abhisit dissolve parliament and call new elections .	NEW : Thai government to extend curfew in Bangkok for two more nights Curfew was put in place on Wednesday and was due to end on Sunday Hours of curfew will be shortened to 11 p.m. to 4 a.m in Bangkok and some provinces Curfew imposed after troops surged into area where anti-government protesters had amassed
CNN  -- The Cuban government , long the object of a U.S. economic blockade , is prepared to meet with the Obama administration , Cuba 's leader said . Ral Castro says Cuba is willing "  to discuss everything -- human rights , freedom of the press , political prisoners . " "  We 've told the North American government , in private and in public , that we are prepared , wherever they want , to discuss everything -- human rights , freedom of the press , political prisoners -- everything , everything , everything that they want to discuss , " Cuban President Ral Castro said Thursday at a summit of leftist Latin American leaders in Venezuela . The response came days after President Obama lifted all restrictions on the ability of American citizens to visit relatives in Cuba as well as to send them remittances . Travel restrictions for Americans of non-Cuban descent will remain in place . This week 's move represents a significant shift in a U.S. policy that had remained largely unchanged for nearly half a century . The U.S. government instituted the embargo three years after Fidel Castro came to power in 1959 . In Mexico City for meetings with Mexican President Felipe Calderon , Obama offered a carrot and a stick to Havana . "  What we 're looking for is some signal that there are going to be changes in how Cuba operates that assures that political prisoners are released , that people can speak their minds freely , that they can travel , that they can write and attend church and do the things that people throughout the hemisphere can do and take for granted , " he said . "  And if there is some sense of movement on those fronts in Cuba , then I think we can see a further thawing of relations and further changes . " Obama 's gesture precedes a trip this week to Trinidad and Tobago for a key meeting of hemispheric powers -- the Summit of the Americas . Watch how Obama likely will hear about Cuba at the summit "	Cuba 's president responds after President Obama eases some travel restrictions Island nation has long been the object of a U.S. economic blockade Obama says U.S. is looking for signal of "  changes in how Cuba operates " Cuba-U.S. relations likely will be an issue at the Summit of the Americas
CNN  -- At least 26 people were killed Monday in the Syrian government 's ongoing crackdown on dissidents , the pro-democracy group Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Among the dead was a 12-year-old boy shot to death when Syrian security forces fired on a funeral procession , according to the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . . The funeral procession was for a protester killed Sunday , the observatory said . In addition , 17 people were killed during operations by the military and security forces in Hama as authorities searched for wanted activists and demonstrators , the organization said . Meanwhile , an adviser to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad said parliamentary elections could be held in the country by the end of the year , Russian media reported earlier Monday . Bouthaina Shaaban , the political and media adviser to al-Assad , was in Moscow on Monday to speak to journalists on the situation in Syria . "  I can tentatively say that such elections may be held either at the end of this year or the beginning of next , " Shaaban said , according to the RIA-Novosti news agency . The number of people killed in unrest in Syria since mid-March has reached at least 2,600 , the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights said Monday . The U.S. State Department , meanwhile , is condemning the killing of a key Syrian opposition organizer who it says died while in the custody of Syria 's security forces . Ghiyath Mattar , described as a key organizer of protests against al-Assad 's regime , was killed after being arrested last Tuesday in the Damascus suburb of Darya , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said in a statement released Sunday . "  His brave commitment to confronting the regime 's despicable violence with peaceful protest serves as an example for the Syrian people and for all those who suffer under the yoke of oppression , " the statement said Mattar was arrested along with leading opposition activist Yahya Sharbaji and a number of other activists , Nuland said . Mattar was "  a symbol of what the Syrian revolution should be -- peaceful and nonviolent , " said one of Mattar 's friends . "  His death is an attack by the regime on peace . His attack is saying , ` We want to destroy the messengers of peace in Syria and the ideals and values they hold . " "  His personality was perfectly built to take the role of a leader , " said another man , a colleague of Mattar 's . "  Everyone loved him and he had so many close friends and relatives . " Both men asked not to be named for fear of retribution . On September 6 , Mattar was with Sharbaji when he received a call from Sharbaji 's brother saying he was injured and needed help , according to the friend . In reality , security forces had forced the brother to call Sharbaji . The operation led to the arrests , the friend said . Unrest has plagued Syria for more than six months , as protesters demanding more freedom , democratic elections and an end to al-Assad 's regime have been met by brute force . The government has maintained a consistent narrative : It is going after armed terrorists . But opposition activists say the regime is behind a systematic , sustained slaughter . Mattar , 26 , was on the run for three months before being taken into custody , according to the Syrian Observatory . The group , citing reports from Mattar 's fellow opposition members , said he was tortured to death . Syria 's crackdown on protesters has been roundly condemned by many world leaders and the United Nations . The Arab League has publicly called for al-Assad 's regime to show restraint and end the violence . The United States has imposed sanctions on Syria , freezing assets of specific regime members and banning Americans from doing business with the country . The European Union banned the import of Syrian oil and imposed a travel ban . Navi Pillay , the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , put the number killed in the unrest at 2,600 , citing "  reliable sources on the ground , " in remarks prepared for delivery Tuesday during the commission 's session . The Syrian Observatory has said more than 2,000 people -- mostly demonstrators -- have died since the uprising began in mid-March . In her statement , Nuland repeated calls by the United States for al-Assad to step down . "  We call on the  al-Assad  regime to immediately cease all violence against the Syrian people and release all political prisoners . We again call on  al-Assad  to step aside and allow the Syrian people to embark upon the democratic transformation they demand , " she said the in the statement . A video posted on YouTube purportedly showing the funeral of Mattar in Darya showed people marching in the street and chanting : "  We will sacrifice our lives and our blood for you , Ghiyath " and "  Freedom , freedom , we are the youths of freedom . " Mattar 's colleague said that Syrian security forces fired on mourners , and that one man was shot and later died . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video , the claims or the death toll because the government has repeatedly denied requests for journalists to report inside Syria . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Maxim Tkachenko , Mohammed Jamjoom and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 26 people were killed Monday , an opposition rights group says Report : A Syrian adviser says parliamentary elections could be held this year or early next The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights puts the death toll at 2,600 A 12-year-old child is shot and killed by security forces , an opposition rights group says
It 's a truth of warfare in the digital era : Bullets and bombs often are augmented by status updates and tweets . The bloody conflict taking place in Iraq is no different . And Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , a terror group so extreme that al Qaeda has denounced it , is taking the lead with a social media propaganda war the likes of which has never been seen . From recruiting fighters to spreading word of their violent attacks , ISIS is taking to the Web in what analysts say is a more sophisticated manner than previous combatants . Perhaps as a result , Iraqis have been reporting widespread outages of social sites , a common refrain during recent unrest in the Middle East and elsewhere . CNN 's Nick Paton-Walsh in Turkey interviewed a defector from ISIS who said he used to recruit Westerners for the cause through direct messages on Twitter . Opinion : Will ISIS brutality backfire ? "  There was special treatment for the Europeans . One British guy said he was called Ibrahim , then told me he was from Manchester , " said the man , who said he left the movement after it killed two of his relatives . "  One asked my boss if he should fight in his own country or come to Syria . He was told , ` If God does n't give you martyrdom in Syria , ' then he could wage war in his own country . " The man , now in hiding , said he was part of a team that ran an online chat welcoming new recruits to ISIS . "  There are things I am allowed to answer and things I must ask my supervisor about , " he said . "  Specific questions about religion -- I have to get their permission to message anyone . I ca n't talk on Skype . Everything is written down so they can monitor everything . " As the Islamist group 's fight has moved from Syria to Iraq , that savvy Web strategy has expanded to include online video posts much slicker than the grainy , shaky clips that have popped up from al Qaeda and other terror groups . Recently , a slickly produced , hourlong ISIS video titled "  The Clanging of the Swords " surfaced , showcasing killings , roadside bombings and other acts of terror for which ISIS claimed credit . The video vividly displays these scenes in a style reminiscent of Hollywood efforts like "  The Hurt Locker " and "  Zero Dark Thirty , " complete with elaborate aerial shots . "  This is funded , " said Nadia Oweidat , a Middle East analyst . "  This is geopolitics . There is money behind it . It 's not just idiots ; these idiots have somebody controlling them and providing them with equipment that is very expensive . You ca n't just get it in a cave . " On another front , at least one analyst says ISIS was recently using a mobile app made available in Google 's Play Store to inflate its presence on social media . Called The Dawn of Glad Tidings , or just Dawn , the app was promoted as a way to keep up to date with news from ISIS . According to J.M. Berger , editor of national-security blog IntelWire , the Dawn app would post updates to users ' Twitter feeds . By midafternoon Tuesday , Google appeared to have removed the app from its store . Google did not immediately reply to a message seeking comment for this story . With the digital assault accompanying a ground offensive that saw ISIS fighting Tuesday just 40 miles north of Baghdad in the city of Baquba , access to social media has been disappearing across much of Iraq . There has been no confirmation that the Iraqi government is behind a blackout . But both Facebook and Twitter have reported a precipitous drop in the number of people in Iraq using their products in the past few days . "  Users in #Iraq are reporting issues accessing our service . We 're investigating their reports and we hope service will be restored quickly , " Twitter said on its global policy team 's account Friday . Facebook has issued a similar statement . "  We are disturbed by reports of access issues in Iraq and are investigating . Limiting access to Internet services -- essential for communication and commerce for millions of people -- is a matter of concern for the global community , " read a Facebook statement sent to CNN . Facebook 's internal numbers show that , since June 12 , the volume of visits to its site and apps were as low as 30 % of their normal volume in Iraq . There are no technical problems on its end , Facebook said . Web software firm Akamai reports that visits to Twitter in Iraq dramatically plummeted early Saturday . A Twitter spokesman said its internal traffic reports mirror Akamai 's . Iraqis have increasingly turned to Whisper , a mobile app that lets users post anonymous images , in an apparent effort to get around the social-media issues . Neetzan Zimmerman , Whisper 's editor in chief , told CNNMoney that Whisper usage in Iraq more than doubled between June 12 and June 15 . During Arab Spring uprisings in places like Egypt and Iran , as well as more recent conflicts in places like Syria , unrest has been met with Internet outages and the blocking of social media sites . In virtually all cases , the opposition has accused sitting governments , who control their nation 's Internet infrastructure , of blocking access to make coordination more difficult and keep news of the conflicts from spreading . MAPS : Crisis in Iraq	A well-orchestrated social media war is accompanying fighting in Iraq Islamic State of Iraq and Syria recruits terror fighters on Twitter Online videos showing group 's attacks are glossy , high-quality Google appears to have banned app used by ISIS to spread news
CNN  -- Hundreds of secret files from the Argentinean dictatorship have been uncovered , including "  blacklists " that singled out more than 300 artists , actors and writers . Among those the military junta deemed "  dangerous " : novelist Julio Cortazar , singer Mercedes Sosa and actress Norma Aleandro . These three , for example , spent the dictatorship years abroad : Sosa and Aleandro in exile and Cortazar in France . These cultural figures were categorized as "  F1 " to "  F4 , " corresponding to their perceived risk to the state , Defense Minister Agustin Rossi said Monday when he unveiled the findings . Those labeled F1 were considered low-risk , and F4s were those seen as most dangerous to the dictatorship . The works of these artists were banned or censored during the dictatorship , from 1976 to 1983 . Up to 30,000 students , labor leaders , intellectuals and leftists who ran afoul of the dictatorship because of their political views disappeared or were held in secret jails and torture centers during the so-called Dirty War . The documents -- 1,500 in total -- are all from the secret files of the military junta , Rossi said . The files were found in the basement of the building that houses the air force headquarters , Rossi said , according to the state-run Telam news agency . The files have "  historical and judicial " value , Rossi told a radio station Tuesday . "  Thirty years since the return to democracy , there may still exist documentation that can be useful " to reconstruct details from the dictatorship , he said . Hebe de Bonafini of the human rights group Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo gave credit to the military for finding the documents and making their existence known . "  There will be things that we know and things that we wo n't , but the important things is that there are 1,500 unexpected files that come at an unexpected moment , " she told Telam .	1,500 files from the Argentine dictatorship were uncovered The files include blacklists of some cultural icons Human rights groups say there is still a lot of work to do
CNN  In this Holy Week , let us be reminded of what the word of God says about fair and living wages . Isaiah 58.6 tells us : This is the kind of fast day I 'm after : to break the chains of injustice , get rid of exploitation in the workplace , free the oppressed , cancel debts . The McDonald 's announcement that the company is going to raise wages for 90,000 of its employees is a significant victory for fast-food cooks and cashiers and those of us who support them . By standing up together , fast-food workers are making it less acceptable for profitable companies like McDonald 's to pay wages so low that its workers are boxed into poverty . But this action , which would raise starting wages at 1,500 McDonald 's - owned restaurants to at least $ 1 an hour more than the minimum wage set by local law , falls short in three important ways First , it leaves out the vast majority of McDonald 's workers . The announcement only affects 10 % of the McDonald 's restaurants in the United States , ignoring the employees who work at franchised McDonald 's restaurants . That means hundreds of thousands of workers serving Big Macs and fries wo n't see a dollar more in their paychecks . McDonald 's claims that it has no responsibility for those franchises , but its workers , and the National Labor Relations Board , disagree . Secondly , this raise is n't nearly enough . One dollar above the minimum wage is n't enough to make paying for groceries , rent and transportation much easier , especially coming from a company that makes nearly $ 5 billion a year in profits . It 's not enough for clothing or health care . It 's not enough , as people of my faith say , for those cooks and cashiers to afford their daily bread . Thirdly , the raise does nothing to help workers have a voice in determining their workplace conditions . McDonald 's and other companies need to stop trying to prevent their workers from speaking out together in a union . They should respect workers ' right to collectively demand sensible schedules and such basics as adequate first aid kits , and not being compelled to work off the clock . We are at a turning point in American history . We are at a Third Reconstruction . We are at the moment when forces come together to push this country forward toward the goal of a better life for all : sustainable wages , affordable health care , quality education , and , respect for workers ' right to stick together in unions so they can be heard . We are wining this fight , and the McDonald 's announcement is proof that the momentum is on our side . When all McDonald 's workers have more money in their pockets , they will inject money back into their neighborhoods , boosting the entire economy . Instead of houses in foreclosure and hungry children , we would have a rising wage floor and thriving communities that support more jobs . Today , thousands of McDonald 's workers live below the federal poverty line . Many get help from government programs , especially food stamps , to make it week to week . Whether we like it or not , our tax dollars help McDonald 's keep wages artificially low . This is n't just an economic issue . It 's a moral issue . I 've talked to workers at McDonald 's restaurants who say they have to skip meals because they do n't have enough money . The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. once said , "  What good is having the right to sit at a lunch counter if you ca n't afford to buy a hamburger ? " It 's time for McDonald 's to make sure all the people who serve its burgers are paid enough to afford to eat them for dinner . But we are n't going to wait for divine intervention . We 're going to keep organizing and keep fighting until the workers at McDonald 's , and every other fast-food restaurant , get what makes sense for their families and our communities : a $ 15 per hour wage and a path to form a union without interference or retaliation . McDonald 's took a small step forward by raising wages for a small minority of the people who run their stores . It 's time for the corporation to find a way to raise wages for everyone working in its restaurants so they can pay their bills , put some money back into their community , and expand prosperity and opportunity across our land .	William Barber : McDonald 's will raise minimum wage $ 1 for 10 % of workers . This is a step in right direction but falls short in three ways He says it leaves out 90 % of workers , is not enough to lift workers from poverty , company prevents workers from speaking out in a union
CNN  -- After the past week 's political upheavals in Washington and around the country , we are reminded that certain things remain constant in politics . Unfortunately , one of those things is the sexism leveled at any woman who rises to power in the White House -- under presidents of either party . No sooner was the hunt on for a fall guy for the Democratic midterm losses than some in the press predictably went after a fall gal -- President Barack Obama 's senior adviser , Valerie Jarrett . Reporter Carol Felsenthal in Politico and others have decided that the best way to address Democratic losses is to have a "  shake-up " at the White House , and the person they most want to see shaken out is Jarrett . She is pilloried for everything from run-ins with other staffers to playing herself in a cameo role on CBS ' "  The Good Wife . " That 's how much they object to the job Valerie Jarrett is doing -- they do n't even want her doing it in the fictional realm . The Politico story , headlined "  Fire Valerie Jarrett , even notes that "  nobody knows precisely what Jarrett does in the White House . " But whatever it is , it 's wrong enough that she needs to be fired . Withering criticism is something that is meted out regardless of gender in Washington . Attorney General Eric Holder has been called every name in the book , including the ones that have to be spelled using asterisks . But Jarrett is being subjected to a refrain of snipes and swipes that sound like they were cribbed from the Twitter feed of one of "  The Real Housewives of New Jersey . " The litany of Jarrett 's run-ins with other White House power brokers reads like a plot synopsis for a new "  Mean Girls " movie . Even more telling are the descriptions of Jarrett that trivialize her position and the skills that got her to that position . The Politico article states , "  If her role in this administration reflected reality , Jarrett would be called ` First Big Sister ' to both Michelle and Barack . " "  Big Sister ! " Karl Rove may have been characterized as an evil genius , but he was never reduced to being called merely George Bush 's big brother figure . He was given credit for being good at what he did , not dismissed as a sycophantic surrogate sibling . But Felsenthal fails even to acknowledge any of Jarrett 's good works . Senior administration officials have told me she played an important role in making sure that the uninsured , particularly uninsured women , were enrolled in the Affordable Care Act . More than 4.3 million women and girls enrolled in coverage during the first open enrollment period . As of June , 29.7 million women are estimated to have access to expanded preventive services coverage such as mammograms , HIV testing , contraception and other screenings with no cost-sharing . She spent months developing and executing a plan to bring community leaders and celebrities into the ACA rollout to reach uninsured people "  where they are . " In another article , U.S. News & World Report is somewhat more generous to Jarrett . Mark Davis , a former White House speechwriter in the George H.W. Bush administration , says , "  Jarrett is the White House ` mirror , mirror on the wall ' who has cultivated the psychological dependency of the president of the United States . " According to him , Jarrett still attained her power through mere flattery , but at least she has a certain Disney villain sinister cachet . And as someone who psychologically controls the President , she 's more Big Brother than big sister . Valerie Jarrett is certainly not the first woman who achieved power in Washington to be treated so disrespectfully . The shards of the broken glass ceiling cut both Democrat and Republican . When George W. Bush was President , The New York Times ' Maureen Dowd dismissed Bush female staffers Condoleezza Rice , Karen Hughes and Harriet Miers all as nothing more than "  adoring work wives , catering to W. 's every political , legal and ego-affirming need . " Evidently presidents of either party choose their male advisers based on their talents , and their female advisers based purely on their ability to serve up chicken soup for the soul . Dowd said , "  W. loves being surrounded by tough women who steadfastly devote their entire lives to doting on him . " One ca n't even read that statement without picturing Miers tousling Bush 's hair . Dowd was especially fond of the phrase "  office wives , " which is the sort of thing that really should only be said by characters in the show "  Mad Men , " and even then only the early seasons . At another point , Dowd implies that Rice got her job as secretary of state by just spending time with W. and "  making him feel like the most thoughtful , farsighted he-man in the world . " In one sentence , a woman who had devoted her life to diplomacy and public service has been reduced to a cheerleader ... and a self-serving cheerleader at that . Hillary Clinton has been attacked for being Hillary Clinton for so long now that it 's easy to forget that the criticism of her began with the same sexist overtones now being used on Jarrett . Before Hillary-bashing became its own thing , she was subjected to the standard-issue woman-bashing used on every powerful woman in Washington . Well , Clinton got the royal treatment -- she was routinely compared to Lady Macbeth . A New York Times piece from 1992 said that at least 20 articles in major publications that year had compared her to Shakespeare 's homicidal heroine with the stain problems . "  Out , damned spot ! " Great -- even Shakespeare 's greatest villainess sounds like a laundry-obsessed housewife to modern ears . The only surprising thing about all of the comparisons of Clinton to Lady Macbeth is that so many Washington pundits are familiar with the classics . The Politico article calling for Jarrett 's ouster ends up suggesting that maybe she can be transitioned out by making her the "  Obama librarian " in charge of plans for the presidential library . Really , librarian ? Why not just give her another stereotypical female job ? She could become his secretary -- fielding phone calls and taking messages . Or bookkeeper , balancing the checkbook . White House nurse , or a stewardess on Air Force One ! Women in Washington -- and in positions of power anywhere -- should be subjected to the same criticisms and held to the same standards as men . That does not include the assumption that any successful woman has attained her position through flattery , feminine wiles or her ability to provide maternal comfort to a more powerful man . We can criticize a person 's performance without demeaning her based on gender . After all , our most basic human flaws transcend gender -- so should our criticism of those flaws .	In wake of Democratic election losses , some call for firing of Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett Donna Brazile : Everyone gets attacked in D.C. , but Jarrett is target of sexist criticism She says Jarrett is being given the disrespectful treatment that Hillary Clinton , others have seen Brazile : It 's OK to criticize but do n't demean people based on their gender
CNN  A week after the mayor of Caracas , Antonio Ledezma , was incarcerated by the Venezuelan government , his youngest daughter is speaking out and demanding his release . The last time Antonieta Ledezma , 23 , saw her father was in early January when she left Venezuela bound for New York . At the time , her teary-eyed dad embraced her and asked , "  When will I see you again ? Promise me you will take care of yourself , " she wrote in an open letter published earlier this week . Ledezma says she never imagined that in just a few weeks seeing her father again would become a matter of not "  when " but "  if . " "  He was unjustly imprisoned and has effectively been kidnapped by this government , " said Ledezma , who was joined by a few dozen protesters Monday night in New York 's Times Square . "  The world needs to know what my country and what my family is going through , " she said . In the midst of a deepening economic crisis , the outspoken mayor of Venezuela 's capital and largest city , is the latest in a growing list of opposition leaders who have been arrested and jailed by the country 's socialist government . On orders of President Nicolas Maduro , federal agents stormed into Ledezma 's office on Thurdsay , accusing him of conspiracy and helping to plot an American-backed coup . As the small crowd of protesters in Times Square broke into chants of "  Viva Venezuela " and "  This government will fall , " Ledezma vehemently denied the charges levied against her father . "  My dad has been accused of conspiracy . He is a man who wants the freedom of my country . That is the only thing that he has done , " she said . "  There is no explanation . My dad is the mayor of a city , and the government has not only disrespected him but all of his human rights . " Venezuelan government officials in New York did not respond to CNN 's request for comment . Although she has not been able to speak or see her father since his arrest , Ledezma believes that he remains in good spirits . "  He 's trying to stay strong . He has an unbreakable spirit , and his only fear at this moment is losing the country that he loves . The government may have incarcerated his body but never his thoughts and ideas . " Ledezma 's supporters fear that he will face the same fate as some of Venezuela 's other dissident political prisoners , most notably , Leopoldo Lopez . Lopez , a former mayoral and presidential candidate , has been in jail for over a year , accused of inciting violence during last year 's anti-government protests . "  We know this could be a long process , but we are prepared for that . We will not let the abuses of this government weaken us , " said Ledezma . "  My father 's message from prison to Venezuelans and the world is that our country is going through a horrible time , but we are a strong people and he is going to keep fighting . " Maduro maintains that Lopez , Ledezma and other opposition leaders were arrested by order of the attorney general 's office and must be tried for "  crimes against the peace , security and constitution of the country . " Critics , however , say that the government is systematically cracking down on the opposition to deflect attention from the flailing economy . Since Maduro took office , inflation is at an all-time high , 68 % , and falling oil prices have had a ripple effect on the country 's already ailing economy . The International Monetary Fund predicts its economy will shrink by 7 % this year , the worst in Latin America . "  It is a desperate act by a desperate regime that is seeking to veil the current social and political reality in Venezuela , " said ex-Venezuelan ambassador to the United Nations , Diego Arria , of Ledezma 's arrest . Arria joined Ledezma 's daughter at Monday night 's rally . "  To kidnap the mayor of Venezuela 's capital , no less , is unprecedented , and it will have consequences , " said Arria . In the meantime , Ledezma remains hopeful that she will once again be able to embrace her father as a free man . "  Hope is the last thing you lose . I know my dad will be free . His cause is now my cause . " Venezuela arrests opposition figures : Why you should care	Antonieta Ledezma is joined by a few dozen protesters in New York 's Times Square The Venezuelan government has accused Mayor Antonio Ledezma of conspiracy
Joliet , Illinois  CNN  -- The trial of former Chicago-area police Sgt. Drew Peterson , accused of killing his ex-wife , focused Wednesday on an incident in which he allegedly had threatened to kill her with a knife . Defense attorneys sought to discredit Kathleen Savio 's account of the July 2002 incident , in which she had said Peterson pushed her down the stairs of her home , upset about their divorce proceedings , and told her to turn her head so he could kill her . Peterson , 58 , is on trial , charged with the murder of Savio , his third wife , who was found dead in her dry , clean bathtub March 1 , 2004 . A classic case of domestic violence ? The case did not arise until after Peterson 's fourth wife , Stacy , went missing in October 2007 . It was during the search for Stacy Peterson , who has never been found , that investigators said they would look again at Savio 's death , which was initially ruled a drowning . Savio 's death was ruled a homicide in February 2008 , and Peterson was later arrested and indicted on first-degree murder . The court heard Wednesday afternoon from the forensic pathologist who conducted the second autopsy that led to the homicide ruling . Peterson has been called a suspect in Stacy Peterson 's disappearance , though he has never been charged in that case . Wednesday morning 's testimony began with the cross-examination of Bolingbrook , Illinois , Police Lt. Teresa Kernc , who took a police report from Savio about the alleged knife incident in 2002 . Prosecutors examined Kernc on Tuesday . Savio had written in the police report that Peterson pushed her down the stairs and told her not to get up , then told her how "  awful and bitchy " she was and that she should stop being so terrible to him . Savio had written that she grew tired of his rant , so she told him , " ` Go ahead , just kill me . ' He said , ` Where do you want it ? ' and I said , ` In the head . ' He said , ` OK , then turn your head , ' and I did it . And then he said that he would never be able to hurt me . And then he left . " Kernc testified that Savio told her verbally that Peterson threatened her with a knife , but that she did n't include it when she wrote her statement . "  I told her to put in the report what happened . I said , ` The knife part is n't in here . You need to put in here what actually happened , ' " Kernc testified . "  Then she wrote it in there , and a short time later she crossed the knife part out . She expressed concern about him being arrested and losing his job . " Defense attorney Steve Greenberg noted the incident is alleged to have happened July 5 , 2002 , but that Savio did n't call Kernc to make the report until July 18 . He also pointed out that Peterson had served Savio with a criminal complaint just "  10 or 15 minutes " before she filed the police report , but that she never mentioned that to Kernc . Is the defense team too confident ? Savio had told Kernc that after Peterson left she immediately called several people , including friend and neighbor Mary Pontarelli , and told them about the knife incident . But according to Greenberg , Pontarelli said Savio described only a "  nice conversation " with her husband . That description was "  consistent " with what Peterson told Kernc when she interviewed him about the incident , Greenberg said . Kernc ended her testimony by saying she was n't sure whether Savio was telling the truth about Peterson wielding a knife . "  You had some concerns about whether that actually happened ? " Greenberg asked . "  Yes , " Kernc replied . "  And that was based on your complete investigation ? " he asked . "  Yes , " Kernc said . The afternoon session of the trial was expected to include testimony by the doctor who performed Savio 's second autopsy , and by Scott Rossetto , Stacy Peterson 's friend . In the afternoon , the court heard from Dr. Larry Blum , who performed the autopsy on Salvio 's body after she was exhumed in 2007 . Blum testified that Savio suffered a laceration to the back of her scalp , which led to dried blood on her face and around the drain when she was found . He said it would have been "  impossible " for the blood to have dried like that had there been water in the tub . He also testified that Salvio had a number of fresh bruises -- less than an hour old -- on the front of her body , including to her hip bones , thigh , shins , and hands . Blum said he also found a fresh abrasion on her buttocks that "  would not be consistent with someone 's slip and fall . " He did not testify about why the first autopsy would have ruled her death accidental . The Peterson trial began July 31 and is expected to last about four weeks . Repeated missteps by the prosecution are angering Judge Edward Burmila and the defense . At least four times since the trial began , prosecutors have allowed witnesses to testify to details Burmila has told them not to go into -- such as whether Savio had a protective order against her husband or allowing Blum to demonstrate climbing into the bathtub . In some cases the defense has sought a mistrial and in others they have asked the judge to strike entire testimony . Burmila has instead ordered the jury to disregard elements of the testimony that went against his orders . "  The disrespect to the court is shocking , " Burmila told the prosecution Wednesday . Peterson was married to Savio in 2001 when he had an affair with then-17-year-old Stacy Cales , whom he would later marry . Savio and Peterson filed for divorce in October 2001 and their relationship remained contentious for the next several years . Bolingbrook police records indicate officers were called to Savio 's home 18 times to intervene in domestic fights from 2002 to 2004 . Peterson had Savio arrested twice for domestic violence , though she was found not guilty in both cases . Savio 's order of protection On February 27 , 2004 , Peterson picked up his two sons from Savio 's home , spending the next two days with them . Prosecutors believe that he entered her home again early on February 29 and killed Savio . At the time of her death , which authorities initially treated as an accident , a court was mulling how the couple 's marital assets would be divided , and Savio was set to receive part of Peterson 's pension and other support . The defense contends Savio fell accidentally , hit her head , and drowned . In Session 's Michael Christian contributed to this report .	NEW : A pathologist testifies about why he ruled her death a homicide NEW : The judge criticizes repeated missteps by the prosecution Drew Peterson is on trial in the death of his third wife , Kathleen Salvio She had described an incident in which he allegedly threatened her with a knife
CNN  -- Pakistan wrapped up a first series whitewash over top-ranked England on Monday by winning the third and final Test in Dubai by 71 runs , making history in the process . The result , sealed with more than a day to spare , meant Pakistan became the first team since 1907 to win a Test after scoring less than 100 in their first innings . South Africa can now become the world 's No. 1 Test nation if they whitewash New Zealand in March 's three-match series . "  I just ca n't explain this in words , " Pakistan captain Misbah Ul-Haq told the host broadcaster after the match . "  Getting out for 99 , nobody thought we could come back . "  We should now learn to play well outside Asia , and this team can do that . " England collapse hands Pakistan victory England had resumed day four on 36-0 , seeking 324 to win -- which would have been the team 's second-highest final-innings run chase . However , the batsmen continued their poor tour and collapsed to 252 all out as in-form spinner Saeed Ajmal and fast bowler Umar Gul took four wickets each . Wicketkeeper-batsman Matt Prior offered some resistance with an unbeaten 49 , a score that opener Alastair Cook matched . England captain Andrew Strauss said the defeat should serve as a warning ahead of a two-match series with Sri Lanka , which starts at the end of March . Pakistan hammer England in Dubai "  When they were ahead , they did n't allow us to come back , " he said . "  We 're a lot better at the end of the third Test , than at the start of the first . Test cricket is difficult by its nature . I 've got great faith in our players but this is an eye-opener . "  There were some fantastic performances by some of the guys . We 've got a lot of cricket coming up . There will be accusations flying about . I 've got to try be ready for the Sri Lanka series . " England added only 12 runs before Strauss after was trapped leg before wicket by left-armer Abdur Rehman . Jonathan Trott followed as England slipped to 85-2 and Kevin Pietersen continued his poor form by also making 18 before being removed by Ajmal . Ajmal , who was the series ' top wicket-taker with 24 , denied Cook a half century before Gul tore into England 's middle order . His first victim was Ian Bell for 10 , while Ireland-born Eoin Morgan made 31 to leave England 159-6 . It capped a disappointing series for Pietersen , Bell and Morgan , who scored less than 200 runs between them in the three matches . When Ashad Shafiq caught Stuart Broad for 18 off the bowling of Gul , the writing was on the wall . Graeme Swann  1  fell to Gul soon after and Ajmal ended a stubborn ninth-wicket partnership of 34 when he had James Anderson caught at slip for nine . A miserable series for England concluded when Rehman dismissed last man Monty Panesar for eight . Panesar was one of England 's few positives for the tour , taking 14 wickets in two Tests with his left-arm spin while Broad and Swann claimed 13 each .	Pakistan whitewash England in a series for the first time with Dubai victory England lose by 71 runs as wicketkeeper-batsman Matt Prior finishes unbeaten on 49 South Africa can now usurp England as No. 1 Test team with a 3-0 win against New Zealand Pakistan the first team since 1907 to win a Test after scoring less than 100 in the first innings
CNN  -- France has too many foreigners and is not integrating them properly , President Nicolas Sarkozy said in an interview on French television . "  Today we have a problem , " Sarkozy said Tuesday night on France 2 TV . "  Our system of integration is working worse and worse because we have too many foreigners on our territory , and we can no longer manage to find them accommodation , a job , a school , " he said . France places a premium on national identity , pressing the population to put "  Frenchness " before religion or national background . Sarkozy is running for a second term in office , with voting set for April 22 . He faces a strong challenge from Francois Hollande of the Socialist party and a range of candidates from smaller parties , including the far-right Marine Le Pen . Sarkozy , a conservative , offered cautious praise for Hollande , but said he could not imagine his rival as president . "  Francois Hollande is an intelligent man , " Sarkozy said . "  I do not have a problem with him . The only thing is , he has never held office at the state level . Honestly , can you imagine Francois Hollande as president of France ? Imagine it ! " He said peace in the Middle East would be a top priority for him if he were re-elected . "  I hope that France -- and all of Europe -- we would take an initiative for the year 2012 to be the year of peace between Israel and the Palestinians , " he said . And he said if he won a second term he would "  celebrate with those I love -- my wife and daughter . " Issues surrounding immigration and integration have troubled French politicians for years . Last year , a controversial French law went into effect banning Islamic face coverings in public places . In 2010 , hundreds of Muslim youths rioted after a man died in a shootout with police . France has had an influx of about 130,000 people from other countries each year for the past several years , according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development . The country also had about 48,000 asylum seekers in 2010 . The French population is about 66 million , according to the CIA World Factbook .	NEW : France has an influx of about 130,000 people a year France is not integrating immigrants well , President Sarkozy says He is running for a second term in office and facing a strong challenge He says he can not imagine his rival Francois Hollande as president
CNN  -- Necessity , so the saying goes , is the mother of all invention . But as history often shows adversity is often the catalyst for creativity , inspiring inventors to life-saving feats of ingenuity . Gripping story Italian Vitale Bramani is credited with creating the world 's first vulcanized rubber sole after six climbing companions perished in a snowstorm on the Italian Alps in 1935 . Bramani concluded that the climber 's hobnail boots were in part to blame and set about trying to improve grip and flexion of the sole . In 1936 he designed his first rubber sole and the following year , with help from tire manufacturer Pirelli , launched the first Vibram sole . An historic peak in the Vibram story was reached in July 1954 when an Italian expedition led by Ardito Desio  equipped with boot soles made by Vibram  became the first reach the summit of the world 's second highest mountain K2 in Pakistan . Today , the company manufacture 40 million pairs of rubber soles annually , supplying shoe manufacturers around the world including Merrell , Timberland , Hugo Boss and Prada . Wind-up merchant British inventor Trevor Baylis was inspired to create his wind-up radio after seeing a 1991 TV program about the spread of HIV/AIDS across the African continent . In a bid to help the transmission of health safety messages , Baylis set about building a radio that worked without electricity or batteries -- both of which are in short supply across Africa . Using a hand crank , a spring and a small dynamo , Baylis was able to produce enough energy to power a radio . The later addition of a clockwork mechanism also enabled the amount of power to be controlled . Millions of Africans have benefited from his invention , but Baylis has n't profited financially from his brilliant brainwave . Earlier this year , the 76-year-old told a British newspaper that he was broke and could be forced to sell his London home . Space spinoff NASA engineer Jan Zysko 's was inspired to invent a compact cabin pressure monitor following the tragic death of golfer Payne Stewart in October 1999 . The double U.S. Open champion was traveling on a Learjet from Orlando , Florida to Dallas , Texas when the cabin pressure gradually started to fall . Hypoxia  oxygen deprivation  incapacitated and then killed both pilots , Stewart and three other passengers before the plane , which was on autopilot , ran out of fuel and crashed . The Personal Cabin Pressure Altitude Monitor and Warning System is a hand-held device that uses sounds , vibrations and visual warnings to alert users to possible hypoxia-causing conditions before it 's too late , NASA says . The invention earned Zysko NASA 's Commercial and Government Invention of the Year Award in 2003 . Inflating survival chances John Hetrick was inspired to invent an airbag after crashing his car while out on a Sunday drive with his wife and seven-year-old daughter in 1952 . The U.S. industrial engineer ended up in a ditch after swerving to evade a rock in the road -- his daughter only avoided hitting the dashboard thanks to the outstretched arms of Hetrick and his wife . The experience prompted Hetrick to create and patent a "  safety cushion " device which inflated when a car comes to an abrupt halt . Although the idea failed to attract the interest of the automobile industry at the time , his work paved the way for future models . Airbags came into widespread use in cars towards the end of the 1980s and have helped save thousands of lives around the world . The first production motorcycles to be equipped with airbags started appearing in 2006 . A smokin ' idea African-American inventor Garrett Morgan gave the world not one , but two lifesaving devices . Watching firefighters battling smoke in burning buildings inspired Morgan to invent the "  Safety Hood " in 1912 which is considered a forerunner to the gas mask . The patented invention consisted of a hood and two tubes -- one long tube to breathe in cleaner air at ground level and another to exhale . In 1916 , Morgan used the device to help rescue two men from a smoke-filled tunnel after an explosion at the Cleveland Waterworks . His bravery earned the inventor a gold medal from the International Association of Fire Chiefs . Seven years later , Morgan was helping save more lives , this time on the roads . After witnessing a traffic accident at an intersection he invented a new electric traffic signal . Rather than just having "  Stop " and "  Go " signs , Morgan 's traffic light included a third position -- similar in principle to today 's amber signal -- warning drivers to be cautious . General Electric bought Morgan 's patent for $ 40,000 .	Inventors often inspired to break new ground in the wake of trauma and tragedy Italian Vitale Bramini made world 's first rubber-soled shoes following death of climbers British inventor inspired to help millions affected by HIV/AIDS in Africa with wind-up radio Death of golfer Payne Stewart led NASA scientist to invent cabin pressure monitor
CNN  -- Charlie Sheen , once TV 's highest-paid actor , is offering $ 1,000 to a waiter who got a 20 cent tip from wealthy football star LeSean McCoy . Sheen pledged the grand in a tweet to Tommy Up , the owner of Philadelphia 's PYT burger joint where McCoy , an Eagles running back , dined Monday afternoon . The "  Anger Management " actor was responding to a controversy cooked up after PYT waiter Rob Knelly noticed the tiny tip , which amounted to just .3 % of the $ 61.76 lunch tab . Sheen tweeted Wednesday : "  dear Tommy Up at PYT in Philly . Please tell Rob K I 'm pledging 1000 dollars to him for the tip debacle just wan na help . c #NoJudgement " The 26-year-old McCoy , who has a $ 45 million , 5-year contract with Philadelphia 's NFL team , has not directly responded to the restaurant 's beef , but a local sports reporter quotes him saying "  It 's bull **** , man . " Philadelphia Daily News writer Les Bowen also tweeted "  my understanding is , he was really ticked about service . But org wishes he 'd handled it differently . He understands " PYT owner Tommy Up posted the receipt on his Facebook page and tweeted it to the world . Many Eagles fans objected to his apparent effort to shame the popular player -- whose nickname is "  Shady . " "  I decided to take action after some serious thought , " Up wrote on Facebook . "  And while I 'd like to apologize to Mr McCoy , I can not in good conscience do so . I stand by my actions one hundred percent . " He disputed the suggestion that McCoy had been given bad service , justifying the minuscule tip . Up said he was sitting nearby watching . "  They were given excellent service . Impeccable service . If anything , our server was a little nervous as was our food runner , because they are big , big fans . " The owner accused McCoy and his friends of being "  verbally abusive to our staff in the most insulting ways . " As for Charlie Sheen , he tweeted that he was "  an American hero and a gentleman . " CNN first learned of Sheen 's offer through Twitter .	A Philadephia waiter claims Eagles running back LeSean McCoy left 20 cent tip The tweeted receipt raised the heat , drawing Charlie Sheen 's offer to help McCoy tells a reporter the tip controversy is "  bull **** , man " Burger joint owner calls Sheen "  an American hero "
CNN  -- Formula One will pay its respects to the 239 people who went missing aboard Flight 370 ahead of this weekend 's Malaysian Grand Prix . The plane disappeared almost three weeks ago , with Malaysian Airlines informing the relatives of those who were on board that it had to be assumed "  beyond reasonable doubt " that the aircraft was lost and there were no survivors . Before the race at the Sepang Circuit , teams , drivers and officials are planning a host of tributes to the passengers . The race track neighbors Kuala Lumpur 's main airport where the plane took off on March 8 . F1 officials and race organizers were due to meet on Thursday to discuss how best to honor those thought lost in the tragedy . But Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton has already tweeted a picture of his car bearing the hashtag " #PrayForMH370 " along with the message : "  All my prayers and sympathies go to the friends and families of the passengers on MH370 flight . " Sunday 's race will be the second of the 2014 season , with Hamilton 's teammate Nico Rosberg looking for his second win after taking the checkered flag at the Australian Grand Prix . It was a disappointing start to the year for four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel , who was forced to retire after three laps of the Melbourne opener . However there was better news for the German on Wednesday when he was named Laureus Sportsman of the Year . The Red Bull driver was given the award after wrapping up a fourth consecutive drivers ' title in 2013 . The women 's honor went to American swimmer Missy Franklin , who won a record six gold medals at last year 's world championships in Barcelona . Watch : Vettel -- "  It will be a long season "	Formula One plans to honor victims of Flight 370 at the Malaysian Grand Prix The Sepang International Circuit neighbors Kuala Lumpur 's main airport The Malaysian Airlines flight went missing nearly three weeks ago Sunday 's grand prix will be the second race of the 2014 Formula One season
CNN  The 2015 Dakar rally suffered tragedy on only its third day of competition when motorbike rider Michal Hernik was found dead . But mystery surrounds how the 39-year-old Pole lost his life . No damage was found to either his body or bike , said race director Etienne Lavigne . Hernik , who was located just a few hundred meters from the race track , had removed his helmet prior to his death . "  The circumstances surrounding his death have yet to be determined , as the competitor did not show any external signs of an accident , " said a rally statement . Hernik -- who was competing in his first Dakar -- was found at kilometer 206 on the stage between San Juan and Chilecito , in northern Argentina . Shortly after the rider , wearing bib number 82 , failed to appear at the finish line , organizers tried to find him . The search was complicated by the absence of a signal from his satellite tracker . "  When the race management detected the loss of his Irritrack signal and was informed that he had not completed the special stage at 15:16 , it decided to start a search for the rider at 15:23 , " said a statement . "  An ambulance helicopter found the rider 300 meters off the route at 16:03 . "  Unfortunately , the on-board doctor could only confirm the rider 's death . " Hernik 's death means five competitors have died since the rally moved from West Africa to South America in 2009 because of security concerns in the Sahara region . All those five have been competing in the motorbike section . Since the Dakar began on December 26 , 1978 , a total of 24 competitors have died but there have been over 50 fatalities when including the deaths of spectators and officials . Speaking after the stage , the overall leader of the motorbike race -- Joan Barreda Bort -- said it had been a challenging section . "  It was really dangerous because we were on river beds with a lot of stones and broken up tracks all day , " the Spaniard told reporters . Race organizers said Hernik had previously competed -- and completed -- both the 2013 Morocco Rally and the 2014 Abu Dhabi Desert Challenge . "  The whole Dakar family offers its condolences to Michal 's family , close friends and team , " added the Dakar statement .	Motorbike rider Michal Hernik was found dead by Dakar organizers on Tuesday Mystery surrounds his death , after both body and bike were found unharmed Hernik 's loss takes Dakar death tally to 64 since rally began in 1979
Health.com  -- More than one in 10 women develops depression during pregnancy . Now , a new study suggests that women who are treated with antidepressants are more likely to give birth early or to have newborns that need to spend time in a neonatal intensive care unit . Babies of women taking SSRIs were born earlier and were more likely to have been admitted to intensive care . Depression itself can have ill effects for both mom and baby . Therefore , the benefits of the antidepressants -- known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors -- may still outweigh the risks for some women , researchers say . "  There is no easy way out of this , " says Dr. Tim Oberlander , a developmental pediatrician at BC Children 's Hospital , in Vancouver , Canada , who has studied the effects of SSRIs on children exposed in the womb , but was not involved in the current study . "  Depression needs to be managed , and for some women , the use of these medications is appropriate and necessary . " Health.com : 3 Signs you should stop , adjust , or switch antidepressants The new study , led by Dr. Najaaraq Lund , of Aarhus University , in Denmark , found that babies whose mothers had taken SSRIs were born earlier and were more likely to require treatment in an NICU . Women have been using SSRIs during pregnancy since the early 1990s , Lund and her colleagues point out in the report , which is published in the October issue of Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine . These drugs , which include Zoloft , Prozac , and others , are widely considered to be the safest type of antidepressant medication to take during pregnancy . It 's been difficult to confirm their safety , however , especially since investigators have to find a way to distinguish between the effects of depression itself -- and habits that depressed women may be more likely to engage in , like drinking and smoking -- and the drug on the newborn . Health.com : Do pregnancy and bipolar disorder mix ? Lund and her colleagues tackled this issue by including a group of women who reported a history of some type of psychiatric illness but were n't taking SSRIs . Some , but not all , of these women had suffered from depression . "  Using this group as a comparison group takes into account possible genetic or lifestyle factors associated with present or previous psychiatric disorders , " the researcher notes . The analysis included 329 women who took SSRIs in pregnancy , 4,902 with a history of psychiatric illness who were n't taking the drugs , and 51,770 women who reported no history of psychiatric illness and were n't taking SSRIs . All had received prenatal care at Aarhus University Hospital between 1989 and 2006 . Babies of women taking SSRIs were born an average of five days earlier than those born to women who had no mental illness , and were twice as likely to be born preterm . The babies whose mothers took SSRIs were 2.4 times as likely to have been admitted to the NICU than infants who had n't been exposed to the drugs in utero . They were also more than four times as likely to have Apgar scores below eight , just five minutes after birth .  Apgar scores measure an infant 's health at birth by looking at his or her breathing , heartbeat , reflexes , muscle tone , and skin color ; scores of seven and above are considered normal , and a newborn 's Apgar score has no influence on how he or she will fare later in life . There was no difference between SSRI-exposed babies and unexposed babies in head circumference or birth weight . Antidepressant medication is just one part of the equation in addressing women 's mental health during pregnancy , notes Oberlander , who says depression in pregnancy is a "  huge public health issue " with lasting implications for women and their children . Helping ensure that women are getting enough social support and adequate nutrition is essential , he adds , while alternative treatments for depression -- such as exercise , light therapy , and omega-3 fatty acids -- ought to be explored further . "  In general , optimizing non-pharmacological treatment would be a really important step , " he says . He explains that it is essential to follow SSRI-exposed babies as they grow up , to identify any problems and intervene as necessary . However , he and Lund agree that it 's still unclear whether the differences seen at birth will have lasting effects on a child 's development and health . Health.com : 6 Rules for a healthy postpartum slim-down "  As depression itself can influence birth outcome in a negative direction , treatment is warranted in some cases based on the existing body of evidence , " Lund says . "  In cases with mild or moderate symptoms , psychotherapy can be used as an alternative treatment . In severe cases and in patients with a history of recurrent , severe depression , continuation or initiation of treatment might be the best option . "  Every single case should be considered individually , and the decision should be made by the woman and her ob-gyn and psychiatrist , " she says . Health.com : Why you can not wait to treat postpartum depression Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Danish study finds babies whose mothers took antidepressants were born earlier Babies of mothers who took SSRIs were 2.4 times likely to be in intensive care It 's unclear whether differences seen at birth will have lasting effects on child
CNN  -- He has sculpted a new career , much to the relief of his body . Where once it was concussions and broken bones Philip Blacker had to contend with , now the former British jockey works with clay molds and bronze casts . To the casual racegoer , the 64-year-old sculptor 's work will already be well known -- his trademark life-size models of celebrated racehorses are dotted around racecourses , stables and the homes of wealthy horse owners across England and the world. "  Racing was my first love , " he says of a 13-year-old riding career , which included 340 winners and in which he came close to winning the prestigious Grand National . Now he is consumed by a love of art . His latest exhibition is a series of bronze friezes , which also feature a number of horses , though with a more somber theme in bearing witness to World War I 's 100th anniversary . Entitled "  Farewell , Leicester Square " the friezes capture the horrors of that conflict in graphic detail . Before discovering a gift for sculpture , Blacker initially struggled to adjust to life out of the saddle , missing the adrenalin fix the sport had given him . "  You name it , I tried it -- all sorts of dangerous things , " recalls Blacker , "  jumping out of an airplane , riding motorcycles very fast , that sort of thing . "  It was about five years of trying to seek a substitute but it wore off . " So the former art student , who realized an aptitude for sculpting during the latter part of his jockey career , began to pursue the discipline more seriously after finally hanging up his silks . "  The sculpture is exciting in a similar way -- it 's like itching for a ride , the way you want to get into a studio if a piece of work is going well , " he explains . "  When you 're into a work it 's mesmerizing . It 's your total focus -- that 's the same for a four-minute horse race to sculpture being a slow-motion version . " Blacker 's first big work was a life-sized version of three-time National winner Red Rum in 1988 which still takes pride of place at Aintree Racecourse . He has also sculpted Desert Orchid , the famous gray steeplechaser , for Kempton Park Racecourse , as well as former Kentucky Derby winner Northern Dancer for Woodbine in Canada . Red Rum was a horse which in some ways defines Blacker 's two lives . In 1973 , Blacker finished fourth on Spanish Steps as Red Rum won the National for the first time , while four years later he rode Happy Ranger to seventh in 1977 as the heralded bay gelding sealed a third victory over the Aintree fences . Red Rum became something of a sporting celebrity in the British psyche , not falling in 100 races , and his third win is regarded as one of the greatest moments in British sporting history . An event often referred to as the "  the ultimate test of a horse 's courage " and the richest jump race in Europe with a prize fund of  # 1 million  $ 1.6 million  -- the Grand National is tinged with frustration for Blacker . He believes he could and should have won the race in 1982 on board favorite Royal Mail . But the day before , against the advice of his trainer , he went to ride at Ludlow , only to fall at the last fence of the final race of the day . It ended with him being taken to hospital with a broken shoulder and , in his absence the next day , Royal Mail fell at Becher 's Brook . "  That horse needed a rider that knew him and on that day he did n't , so I really saw that as my one big chance to win the race , " says Blacker , who placed in the top four on three occasions at Aintree . "  But stupidly I threw it away . It 's one of the biggest regrets of my life . " The National is a race he loved , one he rode well and one where he embraced the potential perils , falling to the turf for four of his nine rides in the race . "  I had too much fun , " says Blacker as he looks back on his career . "  When I look at a jockey like Tony McCoy -- notorious for his relentless pursuit for riding perfection -- perhaps I was n't as dedicated as I might have been . There were missed opportunities , I could have done better . " Instead with Red Rum and his other equine creations , Blacker has become the McCoy of equine sculpture , successfully allowing his initial passion to still live on through his art work . Each one is created initially from a 1/16th-size model made of wire with clay molded around it before ironing out any issues . That then becomes a life-size model , with about three-quarters of a ton of clay used before the foundry comes in to take molds and the cast before the final creation is set in bronze . Blacker 's latest show is perhaps a nod to his father , Cecil Blacker , a former general in the British Army , who also passed on his equine passion as a show jumper and steeplechaser to his son . His son , however , was unaware of his father 's military exploits until reading his 1993 autobiography . Blacker Sr. was the recipient of the Military Cross , one of only 50,000 ever awarded , in his case for his role in the three-day Operation Goodwood against Nazi forces in Normandy in 1944 . He was later General Officer Commanding-in-Chief in Northern Ireland just before the start of "  The Troubles " -- bloody conflict between Irish republicans and the British government that began in the late 1960s until the Good Friday Agreement in 1998 . In 1974 , Blacker 's father 's home was badly damaged by an IRA bomb . "  I read about that but honestly I ca n't remember anything about it at the time , " admits his son . "  It 's bad but I was so busy trying to ride winners that I do n't think I paid too much interest . "  He kept that sort of thing quiet . Of course , I realized he might be a target as a high-ranking officer but , really , that incident passed me by . " Blacker 's military friezes are made in bronze with a patina  or thin layer of chemical on top  which is blow-torched , thereby causing a reaction that changes the color of the metal , producing haunting images . Further inspiration was derived by an earlier commission from former jockey and now journalist Brough Scott to depict Warrior , a famous military horse . Scott had once tried to persuade Blacker to give up riding after yet another crash , and move into art full-time . "  He did n't listen , carried on and finished third in the 1981 Grand National , " recalls Scott . "  In fact , that year the top three jockeys I 'd advised all of them to pack it in . What do I know , hey ? " Scott argues his good friend was perhaps initially overshadowed by Sir Cecil , who was knighted in 1969 . "  It was difficult as his father was this amazing overachiever -- he had a picture in the Royal Academy , an article in the Spectator and rode a winner at Sandown all in the same week , " Scott says . "  So initially I think Philip went the other way , a bit of an underachiever . But actually he 's rather extraordinary -- he became a thoroughly good jockey and then the sculpting . He kept that to himself initially and his latest exhibition is wonderful , really quite daring . "  I remember his son getting into music so he decided to take up the saxophone and taught himself . Now he 's very accomplished . " Blacker 's artistic pathway has not been without its troubles -- his studio has twice suffered from nearby fires . In the first , his work was untouched , but in the second molds which had taken weeks to create make were ruined . Recently relocated to Wiltshire in the southwest of England , such fires are hopefully a thing of the past but when most are ready for retirement , Blacker , having gone from Grand National to grand designs , has no plans to call it quits . "  I 'm a workaholic so I ca n't , " he says , driven by making his next piece of art better than the last . Casting his mind three decades back , retirement from riding was something a relief , the pressure of having to make racing weight of 64 kilograms no longer a requirement , nor having to contend with a litany of injuries : four broken wrists , a fractured femur and all manner of concussions . Becher 's Brook -- that famous Grand National fence -- is no longer the driving force , more Flanders Fields . "  Farewell , Leicester Square " is on show at London 's Thompson Gallery from November 6-15 .	Philip Blacker rode horses for over a decade , now he sculpts them in life-size models He came close to winning the Grand National in his 13-year riding career Now 64 , his latest exhibition of friezes remembers events of World War One It is part-inspired by his military father , whose home was once blown up by the IRA
CNN  -- Hang onto your luggage , Boeing wants to fly you into space -- at least into low-Earth orbit . The aerospace company and a Virginia company have reached a preliminary agreement to sell seats on Boeing commercial crew spacecraft to individuals , companies , nongovernmental organizations , and U.S. federal agencies , Boeing said in a news release . The price of flights has n't been decided but will be announced when full-scale development gets going . Virginia-based Space Adventures Ltd. has already successfully contracted and flown seven people on missions to the International Space Station , Boeing said . "  By combining our talents , we can better offer safe , affordable transportation to commercial spaceflight customers , " said Brewster Shaw , vice president and general manager of Boeing 's Space Exploration division . The partnership still needs NASA and its international partners in the International Space Station to sign on , because that 's where the space tourists would go . Such flights would meet NASA 's intent to promote space commerce in low-Earth orbit , Boeing said . Meanwhile , the aerospace company is pushing ahead on the design for its CST-100 spacecraft , which can carry seven people . The spacecraft can fly on multiple launch vehicles and is expected to be operational by 2015 , Boeing said . "  We are excited about the potential to offer flights on Boeing 's spacecraft , " said Eric Anderson , co-founder and chairman of Space Adventures . "  With our customer experience and Boeing 's heritage in human spaceflight , our goal is not only to benefit the individuals who fly to space , but also to help make the resources of space available to the commercial sector by bringing the value from space back to Earth . " Space Adventures says it offers terrestrial weightless flights to orbital missions and flights to the edge of space and has sent customers on more than 2,000 hours in space , traveling over 35 million miles .	Prices have n't been announced yet Boeing 's partner has already flown seven people to the International Space Station The company expects its CST-100 spacecraft to be operational by 2015
CABANATUAN CITY , Philippines  CNN  -- Typhoon Parma crossed the northern tip of the already storm-battered Philippines Saturday afternoon and early Sunday , killing three people , according to local media . A NASA satellite image shows Typhoon Parma as it headed toward the Philippines on Friday . Parma made landfall Saturday afternoon in a rural region of fishermen and farmers in Luzon , the largest of the Philippine islands . Tens of thousands of people to fled their homes for safer shelter . Winds whipped the coastline and felled power lines in northernmost Cagayan Province . Debris littered the roads , making evacuations even more difficult . At 5 a.m. Sunday  5 p.m. Saturday ET  , Parma , known locally as Typhoon Pepeng , had maximum sustained winds of 120 kilometers per hour  75 mph  with gusts as high as 148 kilometers  92 mph  as the eye began to leave land , heading to the northeast , according to the U.S. Navy 's Joint Typhoon Warning Center . Parma avoided a direct hit on heavily populated Manila , but the real menace in the Philippines capital was not wind . It was water , and there was no escape from it . Parma was expected to dump as much as 8 to 20 inches of rain in areas still water-logged from last week 's Typhoon Ketsana . That storm resulted in the heaviest rainfall in 40 years and at one point , 80 percent of Manila was submerged . Defense Secretary Gilbert Teodoro appealed to Filipinos to remain in shelters even if they were in cities and towns not directly in Parma 's path . He said he was worried about massive flooding and possible mudslides in mountainous regions . The government deployed 10,000 troops to help with rescue and relief operations as frightened Filipinos prepared for the worst . World Vision , the Christian humanitarian organization , was planning to launch relief operations Saturday evening in Isabela Province , one of the areas slammed by Parma . The group also plans assistance for nearby Cagayan province , whose capital , Tuguegarao , is being hit hard by Parma 's strong winds . Arturo Fidelino , a telecommunications executive in Manila , described panicked people rushing to stock up on essential goods -- drinking water , canned food and electrical supplies . "  We had a traumatic experience when we had Ketsana , " he said . "  We do n't want that to happen again . " President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo placed the country "  under the state of calamity . " Macapagal-Arroyo said disaster-relief crews in vulnerable areas must be equipped with life-saving kits , boats , portable generators and trucks . Ketsana , which swallowed whole houses and buses over the weekend , killed 246 in the Philippines . It later strengthened into a typhoon . An additional 38 are missing , the National Disaster Coordinating Council said . The storm affected nearly 2 million people and forced the evacuation of 567,000 . CNN 's Eunice Yoon and Pamela Boykoff in Cabantuan City , and Josh Levs in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : 3 dead in Philippines from Typhoon Parma , local media report Storm heads to sea after crossing northern Philippines Tens of thousands of Filipinos sought shelter in evacuation centers The biggest threat was rain in areas water-logged by Typhoon Ketsana
CNN  -- Now that the Supreme Court has invalidated part of Arizona 's voter registration law , states should be thinking twice before introducing laws to make it harder to cast a ballot . Monday 's decision is indeed a big victory for voters -- but it is also a stark reminder that free , fair and accessible elections in the United States are not as guaranteed as you might think . To fix this , we need to modernize our election system . The Supreme Court took a critical step toward this , confirming Congress ' broad authority to regulate how we conduct federal elections , particularly as politicians in states across the country continue to push new laws that would make it harder for Americans to vote . Dozens of restrictive measures passed in 19 states before the 2012 election . Citizens , the courts , and the Justice Department blocked or weakened most of them , but the push has continued in 2013 . The court 's decision gives federal lawmakers an even stronger basis to provide minimum national standards for voting and bring our election system into the 21st century . The court also made it clear that states may not undermine Congress ' effort to streamline the voter registration process for federal elections . In 1993 , Congress passed the National Voter Registration Act , also known as the "  motor voter " law , to upgrade registration . At the time , it was a terrific advancement for voters . It increased access to registration by providing one simple , uniform application form that could be used to register for federal elections in any state . It entitled all Americans to register to vote by mail and encouraged voter registration drives . It also gave citizens the opportunity to register while applying for a driver 's license and other government services  hence the nickname  . This law has worked remarkably well . Voter registration rates surged after its passage ; almost 16 million Americans register each year using its procedures . But in 2004 , Arizona passed a law that contradicted motor voter . It required voters to provide documentary proof of citizenship when registering . If voters submitted a federal registration without these documents , Arizona rejected their applications . This prevented tens of thousands of citizens from registering , made it difficult for many to register by mail , and dramatically cut back on community-based drives . The court 's decision stops that from happening . It resoundingly affirms what Congress tried to do with motor voter : create minimum national standards and streamline the registration process . But we should n't stop there . Two decades ago , computers were still new to public institutions . Now they 're everywhere and in the palm of our hands . Motor voter was the solution for the 20th century , but it has relied on error-prone paper forms and the mail . It is still ramshackle -- illegible handwriting leads to mistyped names and addresses , for one thing -- and a chief cause of long lines and Election Day chaos . This can jeopardize a person 's right to vote and harm the integrity of our elections . There are better solutions for the 21st century . We need to change the way we think about voter registration and move our system into the digital age . If citizens take the responsibility to register to vote , the government has the responsibility to ensure they can . Existing technology can give citizens the choice to be electronically registered to vote at the same time they do business with a government office , such as when they apply for a driver 's license or state veterans ' benefits . We can also enable citizens to register online and stay registered if they move or change their address . This would add 50 million eligible Americans to the rolls , cost less and curb the potential for fraud . Fortunately , we 've seen movement across the country . Already , most states -- including several this year -- have implemented key reforms . Colorado passed a broad modernization bill , and Virginia and West Virginia instituted online registration . In January , Rep. John Lewis , D-Georgia , and Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , introduced the Voter Empowerment Act , which includes modernization at its core . Judging by the long lines last November , we clearly need national voting standards that make voting speedy and efficient . Motor voter does that -- and we are thankful the court agreed -- but it 's not enough . To ensure our elections remain open to all eligible Americans , registration must be brought into the 21st century -- now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wendy Weiser	Wendy Weiser : Supreme Court 's Arizona ruling points up need for voting modernization in U.S. Court said Congress , not states , regulates vote . Motor voter act aimed to make it easier , she says She says registration must move to digital age , replacing paper system , admitting more voters Weiser : Some states already do this . We need national voting standard for election process
The Chinese government had stern words for Israel at the start of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's five-day visit to the country . "  We oppose the use of weapons . We believe the sovereignty of any country should be respected , " said Hua Chunying , China 's foreign ministry spokeswoman on Monday , responding to reports that Israel carried out airstrikes against its neighbor Syria last weekend . "  China calls upon relevant parties to bear in mind peace and stability of the region , to exercise restraint and refrain from any actions that may escalate the tension , " she added . Strangely , Netanyahu 's visit to China on Monday coincided with the arrival of the President of the Palestinian Authority , Mahmoud Abbas . Beijing said it would be willing to host a bilateral meeting between the two Middle Eastern leaders . But an Israeli government official told CNN there were no plans for secret talks in China between Netanyahu and Abbas . "  Do n't hold your breath for a summit in Beijing , " the Israeli official told CNN , on condition of anonymity . The Israeli official said the Chinese had "  never been involved in mediating or suggesting new ideas or making plans . They are the big silent giant . " China has not traditionally played a mediation role in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . But this week the world 's second largest economy appeared to be flexing its diplomatic muscles in the Middle East , proposing a four-point peace plan and repeating its call for the establishment of a Palestinian state with a capital in East Jerusalem . "  The issue , already lasting more than half a century , has brought deep suffering to the Palestinian people and remains an important reason of extended turbulence in the Middle East region , " said Chinese president Xi Jinping , during a meeting with Abbas on Monday , according to China 's state news agency Xinhua . Israel 's prime minister is visiting China 's commercial capital Shanghai on Tuesday . He is expected to travel on to Beijing on Wednesday . China 's foreign ministry spokesman suggested Netanyahu may get a tough , unwelcome message from his Chinese hosts . "  On the current Syrian situation and Israel 's continuous air raid inside , I have already expounded China 's position , " Hua said on Tuesday . "  And we will explicitly tell the Israeli side China 's position . " China has a long history of expressing public support for the Palestinians . The Chinese government has also used its veto in the United Nations Security Council to protect the Syrian government from facing Western-backed sanctions , throughout two years of bloody violence in Syria . However , Beijing has also quietly established closer trade ties in recent years with Israel .	Israel PM Benjamin Netanyahu is in China for a five-day visit China : "  The sovereignty of any country should be respected " Netanyahu 's visit coincides with arrival of his Palestinian counterpart , Mahmoud Abbas Two Mideast leaders not likely to meet , Israeli spokesman says
Brooklyn , New York  CNN  A New York police officer was charged Wednesday with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of an unarmed Brooklyn man in November . Officer Peter Liang was arraigned Wednesday in Brooklyn Supreme Court for "  recklessly " causing the death of Akai Gurley , according to court documents . In addition to the manslaughter charge , Liang faces one count of criminally negligent homicide , one count of second-degree assault , one count of reckless endangerment and two counts of official misconduct . He was released without bail . If Liang were convicted on the charge of second-degree manslaughter , he could face up to 15 years in prison . "  The defendant ignored his training " when he used his firearm , lead prosecutor Marc Fliedner told the court . The defendant also did not try to help Gurley , instead retreating to a hallway and telling a fellow officer "  I 'm going to get fired , " Fliedner said . The prosecution will prove Liang made a "  deliberate motion " with his firearm , he added . CNN tried to get a comment after court from defense attorney Stephen Worth but was unsuccessful . Brooklyn District Attorney Ken Thompson thanked Fliedner and others "  who worked so hard on this case so that the judicial process could be conducted fairly . " Thompson also thanked NYPD officers for their assistance . It was important to "  recognize the courage and valor " that many officers showed when they responded to the scene , he said . Several officers tried to stop Gurley 's bleeding . Prosecutors do n't believe Liang intentionally killed Gurley , the DA said , but he had his finger on the trigger and an innocent man was killed . Gurley , 28 , was "  a total innocent who just happened " to run into Liang in a "  pitch black " stairwell at the Louis H. Pink Houses in Brooklyn , New York Police Commissioner William Bratton told reporters the day after the killing . At the time , the NYPD said the fatal shot was an "  accidental discharge . " Liang , with less than 18 months on the job and on probationary status , had been placed on modified assignment and stripped of his gun and badge pending an investigation . "  This officer deserves the same due process afforded to anyone involved in the accidental death of another , " Patrick Lynch , head of the police union , said in a Tuesday statement . "  The fact that he was assigned to patrol one of the most dangerous housing projects in New York City must be considered among the circumstances of this tragic accident . " Liang and his partner were part of a "  violence reduction overtime detail " at the Pink Houses , where a spate of serious crimes have been reported in recent months , including two robberies and four assaults , Bratton told reporters after the shooting . The officers had taken an elevator to the building 's top floor to check on the roof and were taking the stairs down from the 8th floor , Bratton said , when the officer fired his weapon . There were no lights in the stairwell leading up to the roof . Liang drew a flashlight and his weapon "  for safety reasons , " the police commissioner said . The other officer did not draw his gun . In the darkened stairwell , Liang 's gun discharged about the same time that Gurley , the father of a 2-year-old child , and his girlfriend were entering the seventh-floor landing , Bratton said . Shot once in the chest , Gurley died at a hospital . The lights on the seventh and eighth floors were not working , Bratton said . The police commissioner said the decision on when to draw a weapon is the discretion of officers "  based on what they are encountering or believe they may encounter . So there is not a specific prohibition against taking a firearm out . But again , as in all cases , an officer would have to justify the circumstances that required him to or resulted in unholstering his firearm . " The shooting also is being investigated by police internal affairs . Gurley 's shooting occurred at a time of strained police-community relations after the July death of Eric Garner at the hands of police on Staten Island . The chokehold death of the unarmed 43-year-old man sparked street protests , a review of police procedures and calls for a federal civil rights investigation . A grand jury declined to prosecute the officer . A few weeks after Garner 's death , the police shooting in Ferguson , Missouri , of unarmed teenager Michael Brown thrust into the forefront the issue of law enforcement 's use of deadly force . A grand jury declined to prosecute Officer Darren Wilson , a decision that led to national demonstrations .	Akai Gurley was taking the unlit stairs at a housing complex when he shot in the chest Prosecutors charged the officer involved with second-degree manslaughter , other counts District attorney says he believes shooting not intentional , but innocent man was killed
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- A Shabbat service is underway at the Ghihon Hebrew Research synagogue in the Jikwoyi suburb of Nigeria 's federal capital territory . Fourteen year-old Kadmiel Izungu Abor heads there with his family . They walk alongside stray goats on a road covered in red dust and potholes , lined with open sewage . They are nearly 20 kilometers away from the modern multi-story office buildings and sprawling mansions in Nigeria 's capital city of Abuja . About 50 people gather in the synagogue . They pray from the Siddur , they read from the Torah and as they chant , Abor 's mellow alto begins to rise . In a country of 162 million people tensions often lead to violent uprisings between Christians and Muslims and being part of the religious minority can be an issue . But Abor wears his kippah and his identity with pride . "  I am a Jewish Igbo , " he says . The Igbo are one of Nigeria 's largest ethnic groups with population estimates ranging from 20 to 50 million . Abor is convinced that the Igbo 's ancestors were Jews . "  The son of Yaakov , Jacob , -LSB- was -RSB- Gad and I learned that he was among those people who went out of Israel to exile , " Abor says . "  So from there he had a son called Eri and a son gave birth to a son called Aguleri and that 's how the Igbo race began . " From generation to generation , some Igbo have passed down various versions of a migration story framed around Jacob , a patriarch of Judaism . A popular version of the narrative holds that Gad , the seventh son of Jacob , had three sons who settled in present-day southeastern Nigeria , which is predominantly inhabited by the Igbo . Those sons , Eri , Arodi and Areli  as mentioned in the book of Genesis  , are said to have fathered clans , established kingdoms and founded towns still in existence in southeastern Nigeria today , including Owerri , Umuleri , Arochukwu and Aguleri . Read More : The forgotten story of Zambia 's Jewish settlers Eze A.E. Chukwuemeka Eri , the king of a community in Aguleri , claims he presides over the throne of Gad 's son , Eri . Wearing a white shirt with the Star of David stitched on the front , King Eri points to a calendar on the wall of his palace that lists the names of his 33 predecessors . He has no doubts that Eri is his ancestor . He has even acquired land to establish an educational center for the study of Jewish culture . "  Israelites and Igbos are brothers , " he says with a broad smile . King Eri , like many , claims that the Igbo are the Jews of West Africa . They believe they are descendants of at least one of Israel 's lost tribes . In the eighth century B.C. the Assyrians invaded Israel 's northern kingdom forcing 10 tribes into exile . Historians say it is not unlikely that these tribes migrated westward to Africa . Throughout history , large populations of dispersed Jews also became "  lost " through forced conversions and cultural assimilation . "  There is evidence that is scientific that the Igbos descended from the people that evolved in Israel , " says Remy Ilona . He began investigating the stories from his youth more than a decade ago . "  When I grew up I heard , like virtually every Igbo here , that the Igbo people came from Israel , " the Abuja-based lawyer says . His field work in Nigeria , Chad , Niger and Mali led him to conclude that Igbo and Jewish culture are not just similar , but "  identical . " In his latest book , Ilona draws parallels between Igbo rituals and customs and those practiced by Jews . Shared traditional practices include circumcising male children eight days after birth , refraining from eating "  unclean " or tabooed foods , mourning the dead for seven days , celebrating the New Moon and conducting wedding ceremonies under a canopy . Some historians have noted that the Igbo were practicing these customs before their exposure to the Bible and missionaries . Daniel Lis , from the Institute for Jewish Studies , University of Basel , Switzerland , is one of the foremost researchers on Jewish identification among the Igbo . He says there has been a clear continuity of Jewish identity among the Igbo . "  It 's not just something that happened yesterday , " he says . The Swiss-Israeli anthropologist says that Igbo-Jewish identity can be traced back to the 18th century . Cross-cultural comparisons have been documented by people ranging from George Thomas Basden , the influential Anglican missionary and ethnographer who proposed that the word "  Igbo " evolved as a corruption of the word "  Hebrew , " to Olaudah Equiano , a freed Igbo slave living in 18th century British society . The oral stories and historic notations of cultural resemblances between the Igbo and the Jews have proven compelling enough to lure a diverse array of people to southeastern Nigeria . See also : CNN Belief Blog Michael Freund , an American Jew based in Israel , is planning his first trip to Nigeria to get a first-hand look at the culture of the Igbo . "  I 've read about them but of course there is nothing like actually hearing the stories of the people themselves , " he says . Discovering "  lost " Jewish communities around the world is what Freund does . He is the founder and chairman of the independent non-profit organization Shavei Israel . According to its media spokesperson Arik Puder , Shavei Israel is the only organization in Israel that focuses on finding descendants of the legendary lost tribes . He says the Israeli government does not recognize ethnic communities in various countries claiming to be descendants of lost tribes . "  They can not prove that they have a Jewish grandfather or grandmother , " Puder says . "  But they do have an interesting story . " Freund says he has received numerous letters and emails from Nigerians trying to connect to Israel . But with a rising number of groups around the world attempting to link their ancestry to the ancient Israelites , he is aware that some of those claims are "  wishful thinking . " He hopes that the future will yield strong genetic evidence to help the search for the lost tribes . "  As DNA technology improves there will be a growing stock of scientific evidence which can perhaps buttress the claims of an Israeli ancestry , " he says . A 2012 documentary called "  Re-Emerging : The Jews of Nigeria " featured the country 's Jewish community . The film featured Rabbi Howard Gorin . He retired from the congressional rabbinate in 2012 after 32 years as the spiritual leader of a Jewish congregation in the U.S. state of Maryland . Gorin has played a significant role in the rise of Judaism in Nigeria since his first trip to the country in 2004 . "  I embrace them and support them as brothers and sisters , " he says . He ships books on Judaism to synagogues in Nigeria . Watch video : Lagos megacity More support comes from groups like Kulanu , a New York-based non-profit group . Kulanu assists emerging Jewish communities around the world , like the one in Nigeria . But most of the Igbo who practice Judaism were not born to a Jewish mother and have not converted according to halakhah , Jewish law , so many Orthodox Jews would not recognize them . Even among Igbo people , the claim to be Jews elicits strong criticism . One critic , Catherine Acholonu , attributes Jewish identification among the Igbo as a result of Christianity brought by missionaries , since most Igbo people are Christians . "  Everybody is excited to say they belong to the people of the Bible because the Bible is reigning -- it 's in , " says Acholonu , a prominent researcher on Igbo history and culture . In her award-winning book "  They Lived Before Adam " Acholonu proposes that Igbo civilization is older than that of the Israelites . She feels that Igbo people are whitewashing their history and diminishing the value of their own culture by attempting to link their heritage to the Jews . Peter Agbai , who says he is a "  proud Igbo man , " strongly disagrees . He started practicing Judaism in 1991 after leaving the Methodist church . He says that the more he followed the commandments in the Torah , the more he realized that he was doing what his parents had always done as followers of traditional Igbo culture and spirituality . "  I have seen that the traditions of our people are similar to those in the Bible , " says the 66-year-old , making references to aspects like ritual bathing and polygamy . Agbai is one of the founders of the Ghihon synagogue . He plays an important role as a spiritual leader in Abuja 's community of Igbo Jews . He attended Abor 's bar mitzvah last year , an experience that Abor says made him feel like a man , and feel closer to the Jewish culture . He wants to go deeper into Orthodox Judaism and take a pilgrimage to the Holy Land . "  I want to live in Israel , " Abor says . He hopes that there , he will get a better understanding of his forefathers .	Among the Igbo people of Nigeria exists a small group of practicing Jews Jewish Igbos believe they are descendants of ` lost tribes ' of Israel who settled in Nigeria Some draw many parallels between Jewish and Igbo customs Others claim Igbo civilization is older than that of the Israelites
CNN  -- It 's the greatest magic trick in the world . This act of wizardry is performed hundreds of millions of times every day with the press of a button , or more increasingly , with a gentle tap of the screen -- and poof , time stops . The magic is photography . Today , we 're taking and uploading more than 200 million images per day via Facebook alone . Our phones have become our recording devices . Or as I like to see it : My camera can also make calls . Smartphones have ushered in a golden age for photography . But disappointingly , much of the conversation has been focused on the device and the use of faux nostalgic filters rather than on how photographers can choose from a wide range of possibilities to be creative . Art photography : When reality is n't good enough We must n't forget -- a magician 's props , like a photographer 's choice of camera , are only part of the illusion created . When the rabbit is pulled from the hat , its color or breed is irrelevant . What 's important is the magician 's ability to artfully make the rabbit appear and ultimately evoke astonishment from the audience . In photography , the equivalent is taking an image that evokes strong feelings , regardless of which device captured the picture or its nostalgic hue . Smartphones have democratized photography , and Instagram , in particular , has given us an unprecedented platform for our snapshots . But instead of marveling at all the choices , there 's some grumbling . Some professionals feel threatened as they see the playing field leveling ; they interpret it as the end of skill and craft in photography . They should have no fear of such a thing . 12 tips to become a better smartphone photographer Photography is rooted in the rich culture of amateurism . What 's happening today is similar to the original proliferation of Kodak 's Brownie camera starting in 1900 . An inexpensive and easy-to-use camera in every hand did n't usher in the end of photography or automatically turn everybody into Richard Avedon . Photo apps wo n't magically give Jane the smartphone photographer a better sense of composition , or lighting , or framing . The apps and filters only change a photo 's look and aesthetic feel . That does n't make it a better photo . If you put lipstick on a pig , it 's still a pig . Photographing with a smartphone For me , photography is my memory . I 've chosen photography to prove that I exist . I see my captured view of the world as my search for meaning . For me , words are often inadequate , so I choose to define my experiences with photographs . This little act of magic does not divorce me -- as the critic Susan Sontag implied in her book , "  On Photography " -- from the here and now . In fact , it deepens my bond to the present moment . An image I take , sprinkled with synthetic nostalgia , tells all : "  I was here and this is what I saw . " The camera phone allows me to offer a small taste of my here and now , on unprecedented levels , to a global audience with astonishing immediacy . Why I use filters The pictures of my childhood had a warmish , faded , slightly out of focus feeling . They are the memory of things past , comfort food for the eyes . It seems natural for me to add the option of nostalgic filters to my photographic process . When we discover an old , faded , cracked and torn image , we handle it with care and respect . Time has honored it with its blessing . My digital images , however , will never see the ravages of time . They 'll always remain , preserved , pristine and forever in their original state , in the perfection of now , without the possibility of the flaws of the past creeping in and eroding it . I want my memories , like the prints of my childhood , to fade , to mix with the ether of all that has come before . Because I know that time can not touch my digital images , I add in the passage of time by using filters . Embracing the present It is all about time . It 's about the time we are losing , and what the future will do to our memories . It 's about the fact that technology can instantaneously compress our collective thoughts and images into binary digits of 1 's and 0 's . We have a sea of images now . On the horizon , I see the forming of a new photographic language . Let 's embrace photography , as it exists now . And let 's continue to find our individual voice , perspectives , stories and style , regardless of the medium . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard Koci Hernandez .	Richard Hernandez : Smartphones have ushered in a golden age for photography He says that one can be creative in many ways , including the use of nostalgic filters Hernandez : But some professionals see it as the end of skill and craft in photography He says photo apps wo n't magically turn people into Richard Avedon
Two days past 18 He was waiting for the bus in his Army green ... Those are the first two lines from one of the most powerful songs I have ever heard , "  Traveling Soldier . " If you do n't know it , I encourage you to look it up -- unless you 're one of those folks who still hates the group that made the song popular , in which case , its beauty might be lost on you . It was 10 years ago this week -- as the country was barreling toward war with Iraq -- that Natalie Maines , lead singer of the Dixie Chicks , stood in front of a packed house in London and said : "  Just so you know , we 're on the good side with y' all . We do not want this war , this violence . And we 're ashamed the president of the United States is from Texas . " It did n't matter that the evidence to invade Iraq was questionable or that Maines later apologized . The damage was done , and one of the most popular acts in the country became its most hated . Its music was banned from radio , CDs were trashed by bulldozers , and one band member 's home was vandalized . Maines introduced "  Soldier " with a call for peace , but she would soon find that the group needed metal detectors installed at entrances to shows on its stateside tour because of death threats . It was a classic case of freedom of speech meeting the irrational repercussions of that speech . "  Soldier " is not only their last No. 1 , it 's still their last single to chart in the top 30 . Officially , they 've been on hiatus since 2006 , but Maines , who is planning on releasing a solo CD in May , recently said , "  I just do n't feel like it 's the Dixie Chicks ' time . " For anyone who appreciates great music , this admission should be vexing . Prior to Maines ' 2003 comments , the group 's previous two CDs had sold at least 10 million copies each , and they were singing the National Anthem at the Super Bowl . In two years , they had won eight Academy of Country Music Awards , including the male-dominated Entertainer of the Year category in 2000 . But they did n't reach that level of popularity because of sexy outfits and Auto-Tuned vocals . They are immensely talented . If anything , Maines and company should be viewed as prophets , not pariahs , considering that the weapons of mass destruction the Bush administration led the country to believe Saddam Hussein was housing were never found . Or that since 2006 , the majority of Americans have felt the invasion was a mistake to begin with . And yet , despite all that we now know , the Chicks remain ostracized in the world they came from , as if they were the ones who presented false information to the United Nations Security Council ; as if they waged a war Tony Blair 's right-hand man now says "  can not be justified " ; as if the misguided attack were their fault . Before the group was set to do an interview with Diane Sawyer in late April 2003 -- with hopes of stopping the public relations bleeding -- they questioned why they needed to grovel and beg for Bush 's forgiveness . In a scene from the 2006 documentary "  Dixie Chicks : Shut Up and Sing , " their own PR rep explains , "  he 's got sky-high approval . The war could n't be going better . By the time this interview airs ... the looting will be done ; the rebuilding of Iraq will be started . ... Two weeks from now , it 's going to be even a more positive situation . " Soon after , Bush delivered a victory speech on the deck of an aircraft carrier , underneath a banner that read "  Mission Accomplished . " The war was n't declared over until eight years later . And somehow , folks remain mad at the Chicks . Last week , in marking the 10-year anniversary of Maines ' comments , Country Music Television asked fans whether the Chicks should be forgiven , and more than a third of responders said "  no . " Which probably explains why their next performances are in Canada .	LZ Granderson : 10 years ago , Dixie Chicks ' comments on Iraq war drew denunciations He says history vindicated them . Many decry Iraq war ; weapons of mass destruction not found He says many still denounce them , as though they were responsible for war mistake
CNN  -- With more than 1,000 hot springs gurgling beneath 80 % of the country , a trip to Hungary is n't complete without one thing : a visit to a spa . The Romans chanced upon Hungary 's healing waters more than 2,000 years ago , but the Ottoman Turks really got things going in the 16th century , importing their social spa culture . While the word "  spa " can conjure images of being pampered in a luxurious setting , in Hungary it 's quite different . There 's an emphasis on health and well being , so many of the facilities are more functional than plush . A few charge for towels , although the fee can be less than $ 2 . That said , the natural beauty of the country 's spas makes up for a certain clinical air . And admission prices , even for a full day , are often less than $ 15 . Bathing and board games Whereas the French pop into their cafes for a coffee and a chat , Hungarians catch up with the latest gossip while having a soak . They can be seen playing chess in the warm waters of the huge Szechenyi complex in Budapest -- one of the biggest in Europe and one of the most beautiful . They 're also taking advantage of the restorative properties in the thermal water . Szechenyi , Allatkerti korut 11 , Budapest ; +36 1 363 3210 Salty soaking One of Hungary 's most unusual spas is the open-air complex at Egerszalok , about 80 miles  129 kilometers  east of Budapest It 's obvious why they 've nicknamed it Salt Hill : centuries of mineral deposits left by flowing springs have turned the surrounding mounds white . Visitors can take a dip in these hot springs or use the 17 indoor and outdoor pools at the adjoining Saliris Resort . Just five miles away is the incredibly pretty town of Eger , which has a 16th-century Turkish bath and outdoor thermal pools . On offer is the heavy-handed pummeling of the Turkish massage experience , or a chance to relax and gaze at the ornate interior of bright mosaics . The outdoor pools are more boisterous , with plenty of play areas for kids . Egerszalok Spa , Forras ut 4 , Egerszalok Hungary +3636688500 Salaris Resort , Forras ut 6 , Egerszalok , Hungary ; +3636688600 Eger Thermal Bath , 5 Frank Tivadar ut , Eger ; +3636510552 Subterranean spa Another 40 miles  64 kilometers  east past the Bukki National Park is the underground water world at Miskolctapolca . The name does n't trip off the tongue easily , so many simply call it the Cave Bath . Thermal waters flow through a huge series of limestone caves , all heated at a comfortable 84 F  28.9 C  . In summer months , there 's an outdoor complex with family pools . Cave Bath , Pazar Istvan setany 1 , Miskolctapolca ; +3646560030 Thermal lake West of Budapest lies the opportunity for a leisurely swim in the largest thermal lake in Europe . Heviz Lake is just beyond the westernmost point of Lake Balaton , about 120 miles  193 kilometers  southwest of Budapest . Hot springs fill this 10-acre lake surrounded by woods and parkland -- these springs work hard enough to change the water every three days . Bathers share the lake with some flora and fauna , namely the resident ducks and water lilies . They must also tolerate the whiff of sulfur that comes from the mineral-rich water . There 's a lot going on indoors at the large complex overlooking the lake : seven thermal pools , mud baths and treatments for conditions that can be helped by a therapeutic dip . Heviz Lake tourist information office ; +3683540131 Vast baths A different bathing experience can be found at Europe 's largest bath complex at Hajduszoboszlo , 13 miles  21 kilometers  southwest of Debrecen , Hungary 's second city . Hungarospa is a giant shrine to water and all the fun that can go with it . It includes Aquapark , where children of all ages -- including babies -- can frolic on water slides and in the bathing pools . Its indoor thermal baths offer treatments for people with various ailments that can be alleviated by water therapy . The Aqua Palace has 20 themed pools recreating everything from a Roman bath to a tropical pool . From May to September , the park 's 75 acres become an enormous outdoor water playground . Thirteen pools sprawl around the park , including a mammoth one built to resemble a Mediterranean beach . It 's all topped off with an immense pirate ship to keep kids entertained . Hungarospa , Szent Istvan Park 1-3 , Hajduszoboszlo ; +3652558558 Super-sized sauna About 130 miles  210 kilometers  west of Budapest toward the Austrian Alps is Bukfurdo , Hungary 's second-largest spa . Within the 35-acre complex are 32 pools , a sauna big enough for 150 people and plenty of paddling pools for small children . The town is also home Greenfield Golf , Hungary 's first 18-hole championship course , so golfers have n't got far to go to soothe tired muscles after a game . Bukfurdo spa , Termal krt 2 , Bukfurdo ; +3694558080 Slides and style A glimpse into a vintage , elegant world of bathing beyond Budapest can be found 100 miles  161 kilometers  south of the capital in Szeged , near Hungary 's borders with Serbia and Romania . Among the city 's charming 19th-century architecture is the neo-Renaissance Anna Thermal Bath . These warm bubbling pools , steam rooms and saunas evoke the charm of Budapest 's famous spas such as Szechenyi and Gellert . Across the Szeged Tisza River lies the Napfenyfurdo Aquapolis water park . While the kids zoom down Europe 's longest all-year water slide , adults soak in the thermal baths and pulsating waterfalls of the adventure pool . Anna Thermal Bath , Tisza L. krt . 24 , Szeged ; +3662553330 Napfenyfurdo Aquapolis , Torontal ter 1 , Szeged , +3662566488 Mary Novakovich is an award-winning travel journalist who specializes in European destinations . She writes for UK newspapers and has written guidebooks for Frommer 's , Insight Guides and Berlitz . CNN Travel series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Hungary owes its spa culture to Romans and Ottoman Turks , and the country 's extensive hot springs Admission price for most spas is less than $ 15 , although facilities can be more functional than plush Budapest 's Szechenyi complex is one of the largest spas in Europe
CNN  -- The 13-year-old boy told them he knew wrestling on TV was fake , sheriff 's officials in a New Orleans suburb said . But , according to authorities in Jefferson Parish , his account of practicing "  WWE " - style wrestling moves by punching , jumping on and slamming his 5-year-old half-sister to the bed was all too real , and fatal . Viloude Louis , 5 , of Terrytown , was found unresponsive on a bathroom floor Sunday . She was taken to a hospital , where she was declared dead . The boy , whose name was not released by authorities because of his age , has been accused of second-degree murder ; he remained in Rivarde Juvenile Detention Center on Wednesday . He "  was smiling and appeared as though he took great pride in what he was doing , " sheriff 's Col. John Fortunato told CNN on Wednesday . "  He showed no remorse while he was being interviewed in the presence of his mother . " The half-siblings ' mother left them at home when she went to the store Sunday , authorities said in a statement . The juvenile suspect initially said he found Viloude lying in the bathroom , complaining of a stomachache , authorities said . The boy said he took her downstairs , where she lay down on a sofa . He said he called 911 when he noticed she was not breathing , authorities said . The mother returned home while emergency officials were on the scene . An external examination of the little girl by the coroner 's office noted no obvious signs of trauma or major injuries , and her death was listed as unclassified . But a follow-up interview with the teen boy and his mother Monday brought a different account of what allegedly occurred while he was babysitting . The 13-year-old , who is 5 feet , 5 inches tall and weighs 100 pounds , told an investigator about punching his half-sister in the stomach several times and slamming her on the bed , authorities said . The youth said he was practicing "  WWE " - style moves on the 5-year-old . "  Additionally , he jumped on the victim and struck her with his elbow several times like the wrestlers do on television , " the sheriff 's office statement said . The boy said the victim complained that she was hurting , "  but he continued to slam , punch and elbow her for an additional two or three minutes , stopping when his mother called him on the phone to check on he and the victim . " The boy smiled and appeared to enjoy talking about the wrestling moves , authorities said . An autopsy showed the girl 's injuries included severe blunt force trauma to the body , multiple internal injuries , including broken ribs , lacerations to the liver , and internal bleeding . The Jefferson Parish District Attorney 's Office declined to provide further information or comment , noting that the suspect is a minor . WWE , the Connecticut-based World Wrestling Entertainment , in a statement Wednesday called the girl 's death a tragedy . It said authorities determined Viloude 's death was "  not an accidental death due to a wrestling move . "  The facts of this case clearly point to a lack of parental supervision . ... It is illogical to conclude that the repeated , brutal and ultimately fatal beating of a 5-year-old little girl by a teenager could be confused with imitation of WWE action seen on TV . " The mother will not face charges , according to Fortunato . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	Boy is accused of second-degree murder in half-sister 's death He allegedly told authorities he used "  wrestling " moves on her The girl , 5 , died of blunt force trauma , internal injuries WWE says teen 's actions can not be associated with company
CNN  Hillary Clinton held a closed door meeting with President Barack Obama at the White House on Monday . Although the former secretary of state , senator and first lady has not declared , it is treated as a foregone conclusion that Clinton is running for president . Likely to launch her campaign in April , Clinton is regarded as the front-runner -- if not the only Democratic candidate -- and the inevitable Democratic nominee . There is an assumption that since Clinton supported Obama , the black community will now embrace her . But there are more than a few who did n't get that memo . At this stage of the game , many African-Americans may not be excited about a candidate Hillary Clinton in 2016 . And after two terms of the nation 's first black president , she should proceed with caution . Clinton need look no further than the 2008 contest , when black voters doused water on her presidential prospects . Early on , Clinton was the favorite of black folks , lest you forgot , and it did not hurt that President Clinton had been regarded as the "  first black president " with high approval among African-Americans . Then , support for a senator named Barack Obama blew up after the Iowa caucuses . And Clinton found herself apologizing for her husband 's comments about Obama 's win in the South Carolina primary . President Clinton was relieved of his black card privileges for the remainder of the 2008 election season when he compared Obama 's win in the Palmetto state to that of Jesse Jackson in 2004 and 2008 , suggesting that Obama , like Jackson , would not win . The misstep was an affront to many African-Americans , as were Hillary Clinton 's suggestions on the campaign trail that Obama was only good for making speeches , but not for taking action . And let 's not forget her assertions that she was the candidate for "  hard-working Americans , white Americans . " We can chalk up some of that rhetoric to spirited campaign-trail junk-talking , and obviously much has happened since the 2008 election . President Obama made Clinton his secretary of state , and she served as a capable top diplomat and a loyal member of the Obama Cabinet . But that does not mean black voters will completely forget the bitter , racially tinged presidential campaign politics of seven years ago . Black voters are among the most loyal of the Democratic Party base , and their record high turnout for Obama was an important part of his victory . However , with a charismatic Obama no longer on the ballot , maintaining the same level of enthusiasm for any other candidate is a challenge . theGrio.com : Blacks are treated 72 % as well as whites Moreover , as for Clinton , who  understandably ?  has her own ideas and may not agree with the President on certain issues , any criticism of Obama could cost her some black voters . Remember that Clinton voted in favor of the unpopular , costly and deadly Iraq war . That support cost Clinton in 2008 . And while she has remained silent on the recent re-election of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Clinton 's strongly pro-Israel stance on Mideast peace now appears at odds with the emerging consensus among major groups in the Democratic base , including blacks , Latinos and young voters . However , it is likely that foreign policy will not pose as great a challenge to Hillary Clinton as economics . Because she is tied to the Wall Street wing of her party and commands sky-high speaking fees , people may take a closer look at her approach to tackling inequality and the shrinking of the middle class , and whether she is too concerned about offending the wealthy . The nation is hurting , despite the economic turnaround , and this is felt particularly strongly among blacks , who still have high unemployment rates , a rising wealth gap compared to whites , and , for many , no recovery in sight . And while police shootings of young black men continue to stir outrage in the community , Clinton has remained relatively quiet on the subject . She will have to prove that she can identify with this frustration and offer ideas for reform in local law enforcement . This , rather than her email account , is what concerns the black electorate . theGrio.com : Let 's stop the ` struggle equation ' Perhaps a populist , more down-to-earth challenger such as Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren or former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb could appeal to black and working-class voters , and unlike Clinton , would not have to fight the perception of living in a protective security bubble , or lacking core beliefs other than being in power . It is safe to assume that if Clinton wins the Democratic nomination that she will ultimately win the majority black vote in the general election , but that may not be enough . Let 's remember President George W. Bush won re-election in 2004 with just 11 % of the black vote . Had Mitt Romney been able to duplicate that number of black votes , he would be president now . Obama won in no small part because blacks turned out for him in record numbers in 2012 , particularly in swing states like Ohio . Clinton ca n't assume she 'll inherit that same level of black voter enthusiasm . Support for Barack Obama does not necessarily translate into support for another Democrat . This means Clinton must fight for votes like anyone else : knock on doors , kiss babies , clap off beat at the AME church , and do whatever it takes .	David Love : The former secretary of state would need to woo African-American voters to turn out in big numbers for 2016 Memories of the bitter 2008 battle with Barack Obama still linger , he writes
New York  CNN  -- The sister and mother of Adis Medunjanin , accused in a suspected plot to bomb New York 's subways , testified at his trial Wednesday in Brooklyn federal court . Alisa Medunjanin , a 30-year-old nurse , gave a tearful account of how she , her brother and their parents were awakened in the middle of the night by more than a dozen FBI agents who stormed into the family 's Queens , New York , apartment during a September 2009 raid . Crying on the stand , she said agents "  told us to get on the ground and put up our hands . Then , they cuffed us . " She testified that she and her mother were later escorted to the lobby of the apartment building while federal agents questioned her father and brother . Confessed plotter describes target selection in court Speaking through a Bosnian interpreter , Medunjanin 's mother , Favila , told jurors that FBI investigators showed up at her work and told her that her son should "  tell them what he knows . " Defense lawyers want to show that federal agents intimidated the family and unfairly coerced Adis Medunjanin into making incriminating statements . Prosecutors say Medunjanin , a Bosnian-born American , conspired with admitted terrorists Najubullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay to detonate bombs in New York subways in 2009 . Medunjanin has pleaded not guilty to charges of conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction and receiving terrorist training from al Qaeda . Medunjanin faces life in prison if convicted . Co-conspirators Zazi , an immigrant from Pakistan , and Ahmedzay , an immigrant from Afghanistan , have already pleaded guilty . Closing arguments are expected Thursday .	Family members give tearful accounts of FBI raids at their home Prosecution rests in trial of Adis Medunjanin ; closing arguments set for Thursday Medunjanin accused of conspring with two others in plot to bomb NYC subways
CNN  -- African American Jesse Owens remains the most iconic Olympian of them all . Owens defied Hitler by winning four gold medals in Berlin in 1936 . Although there have been more successful athletes in Olympic history , Owens ' four gold medals at the Nazi-dominated 1936 Berlin Games earned him a unique place in the sporting hall of fame . Born James Cleveland Owens -- he was nicknamed Jesse by a school teacher -- he was the son of a sharecropper and grandson of slaves . Despite suffering from chronic bronchial problems as a child , he excelled as a high school athlete , and attracted national attention in May 1935 when , at a Big Ten athletics meet in Ann Arbor , Michigan , he set three world records and tied a fourth , all in the space of an hour . It was the Olympic Games of the following year , however , that secured Owens ' place in popular mythology . Held in the German capital , Hitler had intended the Xlth Olympiad to stand as a testament to the racial superiority of white Aryan athletes , openly denigrating Afro-American performers as "  non-humans . " In one of the greatest sporting rebuffs of all time , Owens -- one of 18 black athletes on the U.S. team -- duly won four gold medals in the 100 meters , 200 meters , long jump and 4x100 meters relay . His 100 meters time of 10.3 seconds equaled the Olympic record , while his performances in the 200 meters and long jump -- 20.7 seconds and 8.06 meters respectively -- set new world records . The 39.8 seconds recorded by U.S. 4x100 meters team also set a world record , one that stood for 20 years . Although the Nazi press was openly scathing , condemning the U.S. team 's use of ` black auxiliaries ' , the German spectators recognized Owens ' achievement and gave him a standing ovation . The first person to congratulate him after his long jump victory was German silver medallist Luz Long . "  It took a lot of courage for him to befriend me in front of Hitler , " Owens later commented . "  You can melt down all the medals and cups I have and they would n't be a plating on the 24-carat friendship I felt for Long at that moment . " Ticker-tape parade Owens returned to the U.S. a hero . Despite that , he was unable to escape the racial prejudice and segregationism of his fellow countrymen . Although he received a New York ticker tape parade , he was forced to ride in a freight elevator to a reception in his honor at the Waldorf Astoria . "  Although I was n't invited to shake hands with Hitler , " he said , "  I was n't invited to the White House to shake hands with the President , either . " He failed to attract the endorsements and sponsorship deals enjoyed by white athletes , and was reduced to running exhibition races against dogs and horses to make ends meet . It was not until the 1950s , 20 years after his Berlin triumph , that he finally achieved a measure of financial security , opening a public relations firm and becoming a highly successful public speaker . In 1976 he received the Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian honor the U.S. can bestow , and in 1990 , a decade after his death from lung cancer , President George Bush awarded him a posthumous Congressional Medal of Honor . In perhaps the most fitting memorial to his achievements , a street in Berlin was renamed in his honor in 1984 .	Olympic record : 4 gold medals In 1976 he received the Medal of Freedom Athlete ; born September 12 , 1913 , in Oakville , Alabama
London  CNN  -- Legendary track star and chairman of the London Organizing Committee Sebastian Coe congratulated his fellow Britons for a "  glorious " Olympic Games on Sunday night . "  When our time came , Britain , we did it right , " Coe told the 80,000 gathered at Olympic Stadium for the closing ceremony . Coe said these "  two glorious weeks " would "  inspire a generation . " International Olympic Committee President Jacques Rogge declared the London Games officially over . He echoed Coe 's sentiments . "  These were happy and glorious Games , " he said . "  The legacy of the Games of the 30th Olympiad will become clear in many ways . Concrete improvements in infrastructure will benefit the host nation for years to come . The human legacy will reach every region of the world . Many young people will be inspired to take up a sport or to pursue their dreams . " As the Games came to a close , the United States led the medal count with 104 overall , 46 of them gold . China finished second , with 87 medals , with Russia third with 82 . Great Britain finished with 65 , its best total since 1908 . Singers from all eras performed . There was rock great Ray Davies , pop heroes George Michael and Annie Lennox , and new boy-band One Direction . Even comedian Russell Brand joined in , singing The Beatles "  I Am The Walrus . " The crowd gave the Spice Girls a rousing ovation after they performed two of their hits . Other performers payed tribute to some of the artists who did n't attend or had passed away . Singers Jessie J and Taio Cruz teamed with rapper Tinie Tempah to sing "  You Should Be Dancing " by the Bee Gees  born on Isle of Man  . Ed Sheeran led a quartet with Pink Floyd drummer Nick Mason , Richard Jones of the Feeling and Mike Rutherford of Genesis in covering "  Wish You Were Here . " Later Monty Python actor Eric Idle led the crowd in singing "  Always Look on the Bright Side of Life . " To close the music medley Jessie J also joined Brian May and Roger Taylor of Queen , belting out "  We Will Rock You . " The Who closed out the ceremony with a medley of the band 's hits , ending with "  My Generation . " In a new twist , the 10,000-plus athletes entered the stadium through the stands , some high-fiving members of the audience as they descended the steps to the field . There was also one final medal ceremony as Stephen Kiprotich of Uganda was awarded his marathon gold and listened along with the spectators to his national anthem . The White House released a statement that said President Obama called British Prime Minister David Cameron congratulating London on an "  extremely successful " games . One of the U.S. golds came as expected on the basketball court , but in a tougher contest than expected . Led by Kevin Durant 's 30 points , the United States fought off a stiff challenge from Spain to win the gold medal 107-100 . The Americans defended their title from four years ago in Beijing , also against Spain . "  This game was fun . It was a challenge , but we stepped up to it , " Kobe Bryant told NBC , an official broadcaster of the Games . LeBron James had 19 points and Bryant scored 17 for the Americans , who led by only one point after the third quarter . "  We all respect each other , " Durant said . "  We all know it 's our common goal . " Russia narrowly edged out Argentina for the bronze . London itself took center stage on the last day of the Olympics on Sunday , with the men 's marathon course running past the city 's major landmarks from Big Ben to Buckingham Palace . Kiprotich won a thrilling race in 2:08:01 , dueling for miles with early leader Wilson Kipsang of Kenya and his compatriot Abel Kirui . The Kenyans worked together to try to box the Ugandan in , but as the race neared its end , he blew past them to finish with a commanding lead , giving Uganda its first medal of any color in these Games . Read more : Nigeria 's 12 - year wait for Olympic gold Kirui took silver and Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich took the bronze , with Eritrea-born American Meb Keflezighi coming fourth , about three minutes behind the winner . The hosts snatched yet another boxing gold medal later Sunday , with super heavyweight Anthony Joshua winning gold for Britain . Italy , whose Roberto Cammarelle won silver , launched an appeal after the fight ended 18-18 . Joshua was awarded victory on countback -- using the scores of all five judges , not just the middle three scores . "  It was a tough first round . The judges will always do their job and I do my job , " the champion said . "  I have had close decisions in other tournaments but I just take it on the chin . " The Italian said the decision was curious . "  I did everything I could . I do n't understand the score , " he said . "  Where did they get all the points they gave him at the end ? " Read more : Five things to watch at Olympics on Sunday Team USA picked up another gold medal earlier , when Jacob Stephen Varner won the 96-kilogram freestyle wrestling contest . "  I came here to win a gold medal and that 's what I 've done , " he said . "  I played more defense then I wanted to , but it 's awesome for the United States . " Uzbekistan 's Artur Taymazov became first man to win three consecutive freestyle wrestling golds , defeating Davit Modzmanashvili of Georgia . "  I wanted to get the third gold , " said Taymazov , who also won a silver at the Sydney Games in 2000 . "  There was also a time pressure , because I am 33 . But it was my time . " At the 2000 Olympics , Greco-Roman wrestler Alexander Karelin won three straight golds and then a silver . "  I 'm glad I have equaled his medal total , " Taymazov said , "  but he has won more world championships than I have won so I must do more over the next two seasons . " In men 's water polo , Ratko Rudic guided Croatia to an 8-6 victory over Italy in the gold medal match , a record fourth win for the a coach . Rudic has led three nations -- Yugoslavia , Italy and his native Croatia -- to gold as well as winning a silver medal in 1980 as a player with Yugoslavia . Laura Asadauskaite of Lithuania won the final gold medal of the London Games with an Olympic record score in the modern pentathlon .	NEW : London Games declared over Team USA wins second consecutive basketball gold Marathoner Stephen Kiprotich wins Uganda 's first medal in a thrilling race Super heavyweight boxer Anthony Joshua wins gold for Britain
CNN  Manchester City and Chelsea , two of the richest clubs in world soccer , were knocked out of the English FA Cup by lower league opposition on a day of shocks and awe . At the Etihad Stadium , Manchester City -- who are the current Premier League champions and whose Middle Eastern owners have spent close to $ 1.5 billion assembling the most expensive squad in the league 's history -- lost to second tier Middlesbrough 2-0 . Frank Lampard looked to have secured a last minute draw but his free kick instead hit the post . A few seconds later Middlesbrough scored a second , securing a famous victory . Chelsea out But arguably the bigger shock took place In west London.At Stamford Bridge Chelsea , the current Premier League leaders who have looked imperious all season , took an early two goal lead against Bradford City , who play in English football 's third tier . An easy victory looked on the cards . But Chelsea somehow conspired to throw away their lead as Bradford City scored an incredible four goals without reply . It was the first time Chelsea have conceded four goals against opposition two leagues below them since the 1950s . Before the game Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho said it would be "  a disgrace " if his team lost Saturday 's game . He did n't mince his words after the match either . "  I am ashamed , " Mourinho told Sky Sports . "  The players should feel exactly the same . " Wow that still has n't sunk in ! What a day...2-0 down . Fans during and after game were unbelievable #everywherewego pic.twitter.com/z6ofDlVinX Giantkillers The English FA Cup has long been famous for its tradition of seeing smaller teams upsetting the odds and beating more established opposition . "  In this moment I feel happy for them . I am honest , " Mourinho said of Bradford City 's performance . The Portuguese coach , who has won the UEFA Champions League twice , visited Bradford City 's dressing room after the game and congratulated the team on their performance . "  This is beauty of the FA Cup , " he added . "  This happens here more than any other country . " More shocks Elsewhere it was n't a good day for the top half of the English Premier League . Southampton , who are currently third , were also knocked out after losing 3-2 to Crystal Palace whilst Tottenham Hotspur , in sixth , lost 2-1 to recently promoted Leicester City . Swansea , in ninth place , lost to Blackburn 3-1 . On Friday fifth placed Manchester United narrowly avoided losing to Cambridge United , who play in English football 's fourth tier . Louis Van Gaal 's expensively assembled team could not break down the fourth division team , who featured former Manchester United academy player Luke Chadwick , once a contemporary of David Beckham , Paul Scholes and Ryan Giggs . The match finished 0-0 , securing Cambridge United -- whose entire yearly wage bill is the same as Argentina international Angel Di Maria 's monthly paycheck -- a replay at Old Trafford and a place in the fifth round draw . "  The atmosphere in the stadium with the crowd was fantastic , " Van Gaal told the BBC after the game . "  I can only give the credit to Cambridge United ... every aspect of the match was against us ; the pitch , the referee , everything . " Holders Arsenal through Sunday 's action went more to form , with holders Arsenal winning 3-2 at second-flight Brighton . Goals from Theo Walcott , Mesut Ozil and Tomas Rosicky put the Gunners 3-1 ahead although Sam Baldock 's late second for the home side led to a few late scares . Fellow EPL sides Aston Villa and West Ham also progressed with 2-1 and 1-0 wins over Bournemouth and Bristol City respectively .	Chelsea , Man City , Southampton , Tottenham out of the FA Cup Chelsea concede four goals against third tier opposition Manchester United held by Cambridge City Holders Arsenal win at second-flight Brighton
Apostle Islands National Shoreline , Wisconsin  CNN  -- For thousands of years , waves on the largest of the Great Lakes have battered northwest Wisconsin , shaping the dramatic sandstone caves of the Apostle Islands National Lakeshore . But that punishment halted this winter when 93 % of Lake Superior froze , creating a spectacular icy landscape many locals say they have n't seen in a generation . It 's a serendipitous spinoff from the five Great Lakes being virtually frozen over this winter , a rare event that marks the arctic misery afflicting the Midwest . At one point , more than 90 % of the world 's largest surface freshwater system was frozen over , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said . That figure for the Great Lakes fell to 84 % as of Wednesday . The massive freeze , however , has created natural wonders . Bob Krumenaker , the National Park Service 's superintendent at Lakeshore , said there have been thousands of additional visitors flocking to ice caves . "  The caves form almost the same kind of features that you 'd find in an underground limestone cave -- the soda straws , the curtains , the stalactites -- but they 're all forming out of ice in just days and weeks instead of something that would form underground in limestone over hundreds of thousands of years , " he said . This season has easily been the busiest in terms of visitors : In the past two months , more than 120,000 people have made the roughly three-mile round-trip trek by foot over a frozen Lake Superior to see the ice formations and caves that will melt away in just a few weeks . Debbie Stumpf was one of the intrepid visitors Wednesday . She likened the experience to "  walking into a hall of gods . " "  How many chances do you have to lay on your back and look up at icicles ? " she said . The journey to the caves is a big part of the experience . "  I like that we have to walk so far out to get here . We 've seen some really unique people out here , " she said . Visitors have hailed from all over the world this winter , including China , Japan , Australia and Hungary , Krumenaker said . They all helped make this year the busiest in the history of the park , which received National Lakeshore status under the U.S. Department of the Interior in 1970 . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	The ice caves are spectacular this winter at Apostle Islands National Lakeshore The freezing of the Great Lakes has created a natural wonder More than 120,000 people walk three miles round-trip over a frozen Lake Superior The caves are like "  walking into a hall of gods , " visitor says
Rome  CNN  -- The Roman Catholic Church will declare the late Pope John Paul II a saint , the Vatican announced Friday . Pope Francis signed the decree Friday morning , the Vatican said . John Paul was pope from 1978 until his death in 2005 , and was in a way the first rock star pontiff , drawing vast crowds as he crisscrossed the globe . At his funeral , thousands of pilgrims gathered in St. Peter 's Square and chanted "  Santo subito " -- Sainthood now ! The Polish-born pope was fast-tracked to beatification and became "  the blessed " John Paul II barely six years after his death , the fastest beatification in centuries . Sainthood explained : Understanding John Paul II 's beatification Pope John XXIII , who convened the Vatican II council in the 1960s , will also be declared a saint , the Vatican said No date has been announced for the canonization ceremony . Pope John Paul II , the third-longest serving pope in history , died in April 2005 at the age of 84 . He had suffered from Parkinson 's disease , arthritis and other ailments for several years before his death . Pope John Paul II : Fast Facts During his tenure , he became the most widely traveled pope in history and canonized more saints than any other pope . His papacy included a lot of firsts . He was the first modern pope to visit a synagogue and the first pope to visit Cuba . There are essentially three steps to becoming a Catholic saint after death . First , the title "  venerable " is formally given by the pope to someone judged to have exhibited "  heroic virtues . " Second , a miracle must be attributed to the deceased person 's intervention , allowing beatification . Canonization -- or sainthood -- requires a second attributed miracle . In 2010 , Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI approved John Paul 's first reported miracle : a French nun supposedly cured of Parkinson 's disease . Benedict XVI 's homily of beatification for John Paul II Sister Marie-Simon-Pierre , a nun whose order prayed to the pope after he died , said she was cured of the disease , an ailment that also afflicted John Paul . The second miracle reportedly occurred in Costa Rica , where a woman said she recovered from a severe brain injury thanks to the intervention of John Paul , sources told CNN Vatican analyst John Allen . Patrick Kelly , executive director of the Blessed John Paul II Shrine in Washington , explained the church 's process for investigating reported miracles . "  A team of doctors first examine the miracle . Secondly , the team of theologians look at the miracles , and then they discuss amongst themselves the legitimacy and all the facts surrounding the miracles , " he said . Despite being so beloved , John Paul did n't live up to expectations at a crucial moment in the church 's history , as revelations of sexual abuse scandals involving thousands Catholic priests erupted across the world in the early 2000s , critics say . In the United States alone , the scandal involved more than 16,400 victims or alleged victims and cost the church $ 2.6 billion in settlements , therapy bills , lawyers ' fees and care for priests removed from ministry , according to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops . John XXIII was famed for calling the Second Vatican Council in 1962 , which ushered in great changes in the Roman Catholic Church 's relationship with the modern world . He was pope from 1958 to 1963 , and was beatified by Pope John Paul II in 2000 .	Pope John Paul II will be declared a saint Pope John XXIII also achieved sainthood John Paul II was the third-longest serving pope in history
OPRAH.com  -- In Jackson , Mississippi , Ceara Sturgis has grown up with her classmates for the past 12 years . Day in day out , she was a well-liked , self-described "  tomboy , " an academically gifted student . Yet , when her senior picture and any mention of her went missing from the yearbook , it became clear she 'd been removed because of her status as an out lesbian . Big deal ? To many , the answer is yes . How would you feel if someone you love told you he or she was gay ? How would your view evolve in that moment or over time ? Could it change ? Why would it change ? "  Do n't tramp on my rights , " my brother Robert recently told me at my nephew Ian 's wedding in Oregon . Robert was commenting on gay people who want marriage rights . Somehow , it had become all about him , rather than about them . I asked how letting gays marry would infringe on his rights ? "  I love the sinner , " he said . "  The thief , the alcoholic , the adulterer , the homosexual need God 's restoration , not our approval . " He is a believer that the "  gay can be prayed away , " and that it is , bottom line , a defect caused by the devil . Oprah.com : Get the answers to all your questions about prayer This yearbook deletion goes to the heart of the larger issue : how , as a nation , we 're split on this notion of sexual identity and tolerance . We are still split as a nation on what we believe , though it 's more evenly divided today than ever . It 's one part belief , another part feeling . Oprah.com : Is there a conflict between homosexuality and spirituality ? Gallup released its annual findings on sexuality that tell how we have changed . As of a couple weeks ago , more than 50 percent of Americans now accept gay relationships . What 's more , 78 percent of Americans now believe gay Americans should be allowed to serve in the military , while 48 percent believe gay Americans should have the right to marry . These are the facts . How are the feelings ? How does this conversation make you feel ? My own parents believed they could cast demons of homosexuality out of people . The joke in my family today is one of the demons slithered out the family room window and came in through my bedroom window while I was sleeping . Truth was , I knew I was gay when I was 4 years old . My mom knew I was gay around the same time , as I was smooching on other boys , yet it caused a commotion and distress when I came out in my late teens just the same , and my parents promptly sent me to a "  pray away the gay " therapist . Oprah.com : What it 's like to be gay around the world My brother , who I mentioned earlier , is this kind of therapist . Every few weeks , I get an email or a call from a family  usually it 's a mom who reaches out  asking for my help in doing a "  gay intervention " on their kid . Even as the sexual myths have gone the way of flat Earth theories , the way we feel , and the ways we believe sexuality to be , are more often than not based on the biases and beliefs we grew up with . I was raised being taught white folks  us  should n't date or marry a person of another race or even religion . "  It 's not God 's ideal for us , " my mother would warn . Oprah.com : Let 's get real about sexuality It 's important to note that in 1968 , only 28 percent of Americans supported the legalization of interracial marriage even as Loving vs. Virginia , legalized the very union across the nation that same year . It would take until 1991 until Americans ' support for it crossed the 50 percent threshold . But gay ? Is it really all that good ? Look , it took me awhile to get used to it being okay , having grown up in a place where what I was , was preached on and spoken of as an abomination . I expected my parents to get hip to the trip really quick , and it was n't that way . It took years for them to come to some new understanding on gay -- and frankly , it 's still up in the air what my mom would say if you asked her if gays should marry . It depends on the day . Oprah.com : Country singer Chely Wright on coming out On the other hand , as we have these hard conversations about who we are and who we believe others to be , it 's critical that myths not be counted as fact . A human being comes to grips with his or her sexual orientation , finally comes out to the family and then is furious when the family does n't get "  hip to the trip " right away ? It happens . "  I 'm embarrassed to admit that it took me 27 years to get comfortable with the gay thing , and then I expected my family to find acceptance in a minute , " a friend told me recently . Homosexual creatures are found throughout God 's wild and wonderful animal kingdom . It 's not unnatural , I think , just not the norm . In Mississippi , the stir was caused by a masculine version of a yearbook photo that said with one look that she was not likely the norm . When I came out , my mom was devastated . For my whole family , this issue brought them right up against how they felt about what they had been taught . They came face-to-face with a bias created in a vacuum . But what did they know ? Oprah says , "  I know what I know . " I would ask you , is what you know is informed by flat Earth theology or feelings based on others ' prejudices ? If the answer is yes , maybe it 's time to pull out your own yearbook and see who made you feel uncomfortable and why ? Then , pray on it and come up with your own answer that 's loving and kind , no matter where it falls . Oprah.com : What prayer really means Brad Lamm is a board-registered interventionist . He is the author of "  How to Change Someone You Love " . His group offers free training and support groups at BradLamm.com . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	One writer recalls his childhood experience praying he was n't gay His parents struggled to understand and accept his sexuality Gallup : More than 50 percent of Americans now accept gay relationships Study says 78 percent of Americans now believe gays should be allowed to serve in the military
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The government is warning that taking the psoriasis drug Raptiva could result in serious brain infection and even death . Raptiva may cause a serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy . The Food and Drug Administration cited three confirmed cases , and a possible fourth , of people diagnosed with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy  PML  after being treated with Raptiva . "  Three of those patients have died , " the FDA said in a public health advisory . "  All four patients were treated with the drug for more than three years . " None was receiving other treatments that suppress the immune system . Raptiva 's product labeling was revised in October to highlight a boxed warning about the risks of life-threatening infections , including PML . "  At that time , the FDA directed Genentech , the manufacturer , to develop a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy  REMS  to include a medication guide to educate patients about the drug 's risks , " the FDA 's advisory says . In the advisory , issued Thursday , the FDA highlighted the confirmed cases and promised to "  take appropriate steps " to ensure that Raptiva 's risks do not outweigh its benefits . The FDA also said it will ensure that patients "  are clearly informed of the signs and symptoms of PML " and that health care professionals "  carefully monitor patients for the possible development of PML . " Overseas , the European Medicines Agency has gone further , recommending that no new prescriptions for Raptiva be issued and that patients taking the drug talk to their doctors about an alternative . On Thursday it asked the European Commission to make that recommendation legally binding . The group 's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use determined "  that the benefits of Raptiva no longer outweigh its risks , because of safety concerns , including the occurrence of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in patients taking the medicine . " It said patients who have been treated with the drug should be "  closely monitored for neurological symptoms and symptoms of infection . " "  Patients who are currently taking Raptiva should not stop treatment abruptly , but should make an appointment with their doctor to discuss the most appropriate replacement treatment , " the agency said . Raptiva , a once-weekly injection for adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , works by suppressing T-cells -- cells that help fight infection -- in the immune system . Those cells cause the skin inflammation associated with psoriasis . By suppressing T-cells , Raptiva "  decreases the function of the immune system , which increases a patient 's susceptibility to infections , " the FDA said . The National Institutes of Health says the prognosis for PML "  remains grim ; the disease usually lasts for months and 80 percent die within the first six months , although spontaneous improvement has been reported . Those who survive PML can be left with severe neurological disabilities . " Around 6 million to 7 million Americans have psoriasis , which is incurable , the NIH says .	NEW : European Medicines Agency discourages new Raptiva prescriptions Raptiva 's product labeling was revised in October to highlight risks Raptiva is an injection for adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis The drug suppresses T-cells , which makes it decrease immune system function
Geneva , Switzerland  CNN  -- Amid increasing optimism that a deal could be within reach , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is heading to Geneva to help in negotiations over Iran 's nuclear program . Kerry will fly to Geneva on Friday "  in an effort to help narrow differences in negotiations " with Iran , two senior State Department officials said . European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton invited Kerry to the talks , the officials said . News of Kerry 's travel plans came hours after Iran 's foreign minister said that officials could reach an agreement by Friday evening . "  I believe it is possible to reach an understanding or an agreement before we close these negotiations  Friday  evening , " Iran 's foreign minister and chief nuclear negotiator , Javad Zarif , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Though he would not detail what such an agreement could include , he told the state-run Iranian News Agency , "  We expect to make a breakthrough . " U.S. President Barack Obama also said Thursday night that a deal could be reached . There is the "  possibility of a phased agreement " with Iran on nuclear issues , Obama told NBC . The first step , if agreed upon , would require Iran to halt advances in its nuclear program in return for "  very modest relief " from economic sanctions , he said . But the United States would still keep "  core sanctions " in place , Obama said . "  So that if it turned out during the course of the six months when we 're trying to resolve some of these bigger issues that they 're backing out of the deal , they 're not following through on it , or they 're not willing to go forward and finish the job of giving us assurances that they 're not developing a nuclear weapon , " Obama told NBC , "  we can crank that dial back up . " The comments came after a day of meetings in Geneva between Iranian negotiators and technical teams from the United States , France , Britain , Russia , China and non-nuclear-armed Germany -- a group referred to as the P5 +1 or EU3 +3 . Uranium enrichment is the key issue on the table during the talks with Iran over the future of its controversial nuclear program . "  We are at a very sensitive stage of negotiations , and it is best if these negotiations are done at the negotiating table rather than on live television , " Zarif said . "  But I can tell you that we are prepared to address some of the most immediate concerns that have been raised , and we expect reciprocally our concerns to be met by the P5 +1 . " Iranian negotiator : Various issues on the table The framework has been agreed to , he said . "  I hope by tomorrow morning we can start serious work in order to prepare some sort of a joint statement . " It would address an end game "  that we all try to reach within a limited period of time , hopefully in less than a year " and a series of actions that both sides would take reciprocally "  in order to build confidence and address the most immediate concerns , " he said . Many of those concerns center on Iran 's nuclear ambitions , which some countries worry seek a nuclear weapon , an assertion that Tehran has denied . Zarif said the nuclear program would continue -- in some form . "  There wo n't be a suspension of our enrichment program in its entirety , " he said . "  But we can deal with various issues , various issues are on the table . " The concerns of each side have been dealt with , he said . Zarif said Hassan Rouhani 's assumption of the presidency in August has opened a window of opportunity that needs to be seized . He acknowledged that international sanctions have resulted in economic hardship for Iranians , but said they represent a failed policy . "  Instead of 160 centrifuges that were spinning 10 years ago or eight years ago , today we have 19,000 centrifuges , " he said . "  So that is what sanctions and pressures and intimidation has brought these people who are continuing to advocate that type of behavior . " U.S. officials outline possible deal Two senior U.S. administration officials said a deal on Iran 's nuclear program is in the works . One of the officials said the deal is designed to "  stop Iran 's progress by stopping the shortening of time by which they could build a nuclear weapon " while also providing temporary , reversible sanctions relief to Iran . That official cautioned the deal is not done , but said it could happen if the Iranians agree to the P5 +1 's demands . They said that , under the potential deal , Iran would agree : -- to stop enriching nuclear fuel to 20 % purity ; -- to render unusable most of its existing stockpile of such fuel ; -- to agree not to use advanced IR-2 centrifuges , which can enrich nuclear fuel five times faster than older centrifuges ; -- not to activate a plutonium reactor at Arak . In turn , the P5 +1 would agree : -- to unfreeze some Iranian assets held in banks overseas ; -- possibly to consider easing sanctions banning trade in gold , precious metals and petrochemicals . Other sweeteners were also under consideration , they said . The officials added that the measures could be reimposed if Iran did not comply with its end of any bargain . ` Getting to the root of the problem ' The details were hashed out during a bilateral U.S.-Iran meeting -- part of an apparent effort on each side to mend fences -- which lasted about an hour on the sidelines of broader talks under way in Geneva . The U.S. delegation was led by Under Secretary of State Wendy Sherman . The Iranian delegation was led by Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi . Iran talks : Do we want a deal or a war ? "  The main issue is getting to the root of the problem , which is the enrichment issue and all things that lead from that , " Michael Mann , spokesman for Ashton , said on the sidelines of negotiations . Iran 's supreme leader ` not optimistic ' about nuclear talks Moments later , the Iranian state-run Fars News Agency tweeted a quote from Araqchi : "  Enrichment is our red line and its suspension is unacceptable . " When CNN asked Araqchi about the issue of uranium enrichment , he declined to answer . "  The talks are extremely complex and are now going into a serious phase , " Mann said . "  We want to focus on substance and hope there will be concrete progress over the next couple of days . " U.N. nuclear watchdog : Program could have ` military dimensions ' U.S. official : We think Iran wants a nuclear deal -- and fast The United States and its partners have accused Iran of diverting resources from its civilian nuclear program to try to develop a nuclear bomb . Iran has repeatedly denied those assertions and says it has no desire to build nuclear weapons . Resolutions and sanctions passed by the United Nations in 2006 called on Iran to halt all enrichment activities and clarify that its nuclear facilities were being used for peaceful purposes only . In its August report , the U.N. nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , estimates that since declaring its nuclear program , Iran has processed 10 metric tons of uranium to 5 % purity , the level used for nuclear power plants . The IAEA estimates that Iran has a stockpile of 185 kilograms of uranium at 20 % purity . Weapons experts warn that this uranium could be further refined for use in a nuclear warhead . Although experts suggest that amount would not be enough for a single warhead , the IAEA has warned that it believes Iran 's nuclear program could have "  possible military dimensions . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported from Geneva . CNN 's Elise Labott reported from Washington .	Obama : There is the "  possibility of a phased agreement " Two senior State Department officials say Kerry will go to Geneva "  It is possible to reach an understanding " before Friday night , Javad Zarif says European Union spokesman : Uranium enrichment is the focus of talks with Iran
Comic book fans meet Ms. Marvel , Marvel Comic 's first Muslim-American superhero . Kamala Khan , a fictional New Jersey teenager , transforms into Ms. Marvel in the debut of Marvel 's new monthly series in January , the comic book publisher said . "  At her core , Kamala is just a 16-year-old girl , exploring the many facets of her identity when she is suddenly bestowed with super-human powers that send her on the adventure of a lifetime , " Marvel Comics Editor In Chief Axel Alonso said . Kamala uses her powers to become like her idol , Captain Marvel , which "  challenges the very core of her conservative values , " Marvel 's announcement said . "  Like any teenager , all of her opportunities are in front her and she is full of potential , but her parents ' high expectations come with tons of pressure and has led Kamala to carve out a future that she has little interest in , " Marvel said . Ms. Marvel will be "  true-to-life , something real people could relate to , particularly young women , " writer G. Willow Wilson said . "  High school was a very vivid time in my life , so I drew heavily on those experiences -- impending adulthood , dealing with school , emotionally charged friendships that are such a huge part of being a teenager . " Wilson said . "  It 's for all the geek girls out there , and everybody else who 's ever looked at life from the fringe . " The inspiration for the character "  stemmed out of a desire to explore the Muslim-American diaspora from an authentic perspective , " series editor Sana Amanat said . "  This story is n't about what it means to be a Muslim , Pakistani or American , " Amanat said . "  Those are just cultural touchstones that reflect the ever changing world we live in today . This is ultimately a tale about what it means to be young , lost amidst the expectations bestowed upon you , and what happens when you get to choose . " Islamic superheroes change perceptions	Ms. Marvel , aka Kamala Khan , is a Muslim-American teen from New Jersey She uses her powers to become like her idol , Captain Marvel It 's "  a tale about what it means to be young , lost amidst the expectations , " editor says The series "  stemmed out of a desire to explore the Muslim-American diaspora "
CNN  -- One of rugby 's global stars is returning to the public eye to help promote sevens ahead of the sport 's Olympic debut at Rio 2016 . New Zealand great Jonah Lomu , a veteran 63 caps for the All Blacks in the 15-a-side form of the game , will act as an ambassador for next month 's HSBC Sevens Worldwide Series event in Wellington . The giant winger became a worldwide star after an electrifying series of performances on the wing for the All Blacks at the 1995 World Cup , but the second half of his career was blighted by serious kidney problems that required a transplant in 2004 . "  He is a legend in the game of fifteens , and more importantly , he 's a legend in the game of sevens , " Sevens Wellington general manager Marty Donoghue said in a statement . "  He 's also a legend in Wellington , so to be able to bring all of those things together and have him be a part of the tournament is incredibly special . " "  With the sport of sevens set to make an appearance at the 2016 Rio Olympics , we also look at this as an opportunity for Jonah to be an advocate for the next generation of sevens athletes . " Before becoming the youngest player to be selected for an All Blacks Test match in 1994 , Lomu shot to prominence with his performances at that year 's Hong Kong Sevens event . "  It is a privilege more than anything else to be part of this tournament , " the 38-year-old said in a statement . "  I 'm on board with anything that encourages homegrown rugby and showcases Wellington at its best . This is our nation 's capital city , and in my eyes , this is the best tournament in the world . " Lomu eventually retired from professional rugby in 2007 , having made a brief comeback following his transplant , and later made a handful of appearances for a French amateur team . He was scheduled to take part in a charity boxing event in 2011 , but had to withdraw due to his continued kidney problems . Wellington is of special significance to Lomu after he spent three years playing for the regional Hurricanes team in the southern hemisphere 's Super Rugby competition , while also representing the city in provincial competition . Despite his many triumphs , sevens success in Wellington evaded Lomu . "  As much as I was born an Aucklander , Wellington has always felt like home , so for me , this feels like I 'm coming home , " he explained . "  I 've played all the tournaments , and the one tournament that slipped through my fingers , was this one . "  So every time the Kiwi boys win here in Wellington , I always feel proud . Even more than that , it 's just amazing to watch how Kiwis get in behind the tournament itself . " Lomu is convinced that sevens can help attract new players to the sport of rugby . "  When you 're looking towards the future and where things can really grow , sevens is your game , " he added . "  With it now being an Olympic sport , there is no bigger stage , and being there will take it to another level . "	Jonah Lomu to serve as ambassador to Wellington Sevens event The tournament is the New Zealand leg of the HSBC Sevens World Series Lomu played sevens for New Zealand between 1994 and 2001 He won 64 caps for the All Blacks ' 15-a-side team
Lawrence Russell Brewer was executed in Texas Wednesday evening for his involvement in the infamous dragging death of a black man 13 years ago . Brewer , 44 , was one of three men convicted for involvement in the murder of James Byrd . He was executed by lethal injection at 6:21 p.m. local time  7:21 p.m. ET  Wednesday , according to the Texas Department of Criminal Justice . Brewer ate a huge final meal , according to Texas Department of Criminal Justice spokesman Jason Clark . It consisted of chicken fried steaks , a triple-meat bacon cheeseburger , a cheese omelet , a bowl of fried okra , barbeque , fajitas , pizza , and a slab of peanut butter fudge with crushed peanuts . After the meal , Brewer was given time to make phone calls to family and friends . Brewer and two other white men kidnapped the 49-year-old black man on the night of June 7 , 1998 . They chained him by the ankles to the back of a pickup truck and dragged him for 3 1/2 miles down a country road near Jasper , Texas . Byrd died when he was decapitated after he hit a culvert . Prosecutors said the crime , which they described it as one of the most vicious hate crimes in U.S. history , was intended to promote Brewer 's fledgling white supremacist organization . During his 1999 trial , they called Brewer a racist psychopath . Brewer was a former "  Exalted Cyclops " of a racist prison gang affiliated with the Ku Klux Klan . He spent most of his adult life in prison for burglary , cocaine possession and parole violations . During the trial , Brewer took the witness stand and contended that he was a bystander , not a killer . He tearfully admitted being present when Byrd was dragged to his death but , he said , "  I did n't mean to cause his death . I had no intentions of killing anybody . " Brewer said accomplice John William King initiated the killing by fighting with Byrd . He also said the third defendant , Shawn Berry , slashed Byrd 's throat and then chained him to Berry 's pickup . Brewer admitted kicking Byrd and spraying Byrd 's face with black paint . But he said it was a reflex action taken to try to break up the fight between Byrd and King . When Brewer was sentenced to death in 1999 , Jasper County District Attorney Guy James Gray said that , while he did not personally favor the death penalty , it was necessary in Brewer 's case . "  This is a situation where if you do n't give the death penalty to this man , he will kill again , " said Gray . To impose the death penalty , the jurors in Brewer 's trial had to answer three questions under Texas law : -- Would Brewer be a threat to society in the future ; -- Did Brewer mean to kill Byrd ; -- And , were there mitigating circumstances that would warrant sparing Brewer 's life ? To sentence Brewer to death , the jurors voted unanimously on each question -- answering the first two yes and the last no . The execution was the 11th this year in Texas , the most active death-penalty state . King also was sentenced to death and is awaiting the outcome of an appeal . The third man , Berry , was sentenced to life in prison . In 2009 , President Barack Obama signed into law expanded hate crime legislation that was named after Byrd and Mathew Shepard , a gay Wyoming man who died after being kidnapped and severely beaten in October 1998 .	Lawrence Brewer executed in Texas at 7:21 p.m. ET Brewer was sentenced to die by lethal injection for killing James Byrd Byrd was chained to a truck and dragged to death A prosecutor described Brewer as a racist psychopath
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Fourteen Americans died in two helicopter crashes in Afghanistan on Monday , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said : 10 in one incident and four in the other . Three Drug Enforcement Administration special agents were among the dead , according to the DEA , which did not identify them . The agents were first DEA agents to be killed in Afghanistan . "  Like all those who give their lives in service to America , they were doing their duty , and they were doing this nation proud , " President Obama said at the Naval Air Station in Jacksonville , Florida . "  Now , it is our duty , as a nation , to keep their memory alive in our hearts and to carry on their work , to take care of their families , to keep our country safe , " Obama said . It was the largest number of Americans killed in Afghanistan in a single day in more than four years , according to CNN records . The NATO force ruled out enemy fire in the crash that killed four Americans and said enemy action was not thought to be the cause of the other . A helicopter went down in the west of the country after a raid on suspected drug traffickers . Seven U.S. service members and three U.S. civilians were killed , according to an ISAF statement . Fourteen Afghan service members , 11 U.S. service members and one U.S. civilian were injured in the crash . Monday 's crash marked the second-deadliest incident in the agency 's 36-year history , according to entries on the DEA 's Web site . The deadliest incident for the DEA occurred August 27 , 1994 , when a plane carrying five special agents crashed in the Peruvian Andes during a reconnaissance mission , according to the DEA 's Web site . One of Monday 's helicopter crashes occurred after the helicopter was returning from a raid on a compound , ISAF said . The joint international security force killed more than a dozen enemy fighters while searching the compound , ISAF said . The site was thought to harbor insurgents tied to narcotics trafficking in western Afghanistan . The militants were killed in a firefight when insurgents confronted the joint force . As the force was leaving , a helicopter "  went down due to unconfirmed reasons , " ISAF said . A recovery operation was launched . DEA Acting Administrator Michele Leonhart said the crash occurred as the agents and seven U.S. service members were returning "  from a completed , joint counternarcotics mission . " "  DEA is an extremely tight family , and the death of these three brave agents is a devastating loss for us , " she said in a written statement . Attorney General Eric Holder said the circumstances of the crash were under investigation . "  I want to express my deepest condolences to the families of these heroic agents , " Holder said in a written statement . "  During this difficult time , the families of these agents are foremost in our thoughts and prayers . " In Monday 's other deadly crash , four U.S. service members were killed when two helicopters apparently collided in the air in southern Afghanistan . Two other NATO service members were injured . "  The incident is currently being investigated , but it is confirmed that hostile fire was not involved , " ISAF said . "  Each and every death is a tremendous loss for the family and friends of each service member and civilian . Our grief is compounded when we have such a significant loss on one day , " Col. Wayne Shanks , an ISAF spokesman , said in a written statement . ISAF is not announcing the names of the dead or which branch of the service they were in , pending the notification of their relatives . The DEA has had a presence in Afghanistan for four years . The agency said Monday that it is increasing its presence in Kabul to up to about 50 agents . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Brooke Baldwin in Washington contributed to this report .	Helicopter crash victims "  gave their lives ... to protect ours , " president says Three DEA personnel are among victims Seven U.S. service members and three U.S. civilians killed in one crash Four other U.S. service members killed when two copters collided Monday
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Palestinian Liberation Organization 's leadership reiterated its push for recognition as an independent state by the United Nations and condemning Israel 's latest proposal for new settlements on disputed territory , state-run media reported . Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas led the meeting in Ramallah on Thursday to discuss the official position , according to the official WAFA news agency . The U.N. Security Council 's admissions committee is set Friday to review the Palestinian application for statehood . Last week , the Middle East Quartet -- made up of the United States , the European Union , the United Nations and Russia -- called on Israel and the Palestinians to resume peace talks within a month and set the end of 2012 as the deadline for their completion . But no such direct talks have taken place . Abbas has said repeatedly that the Palestinians would not return to negotiations until Israel halted all settlement construction and accepted 1967 border lines as a basis for the return to talks . Israel has maintained that negotiations should begin with no preconditions . Besides calling for negotiation , the Quartet also called on both sides to "  to refrain from provocative actions " -- in part a veiled reference to Israeli settlement-building in land Israel occupied as a result of the 1967 Mideast War . This week , the Israeli Interior Ministry announced this week that a district planning committee had approved the construction of 1,100 homes in a southern Jerusalem neighborhood that was seized by Israel in 1967 . That decision will be open for public comment for the next 60 days , the ministry added . Yasser Abed Rabbo , secretary-general of the Palestinian Liberation Organization 's executive committee , read a statement after the meeting Thursday criticizing the Israeli move . Palestinians , who want the land Israel now occupies in East Jerusalem and the West Bank to be part of a future Palestinian state . A day earlier , Palestinian negotiator Mohammed Shtayyeh said the action suggests that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his government are not serious about making peace . "  He said at the United Nations he was giving his hand in peace , but actually , he is digging in the land to build more settlements , " Shtayyeh said . He further called Israel 's move "  a slap in the face of the Quartet and the whole international community , which is saying ` stop settlements . ' " In an interview with the daily Jerusalem Post , Netanyahu defended Israel 's right to build in Jerusalem . "  We plan in Jerusalem , we build in Jerusalem . Period . The same way Israeli governments have been doing for years . " The Israeli move drew international criticism , with British Foreign Secretary William Hague condemning it while U.S. officials expressed disappointment . "  Settlement expansion is illegal under international law , corrodes trust and undermines the basic principle of land for peace , " Hague said in a statement . "  We call on the government of Israel to revoke this decision . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said the United States was disappointed by Israel 's announcement , and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called it "  counterproductive to our efforts to resume direct negotiations between the parties . " As for possible U.S. government criticism of the move , Netanyahu declared that the Americans "  know this -- they have followed this a long time . There is really nothing new . " In the interview , Netanyahu also said Israel would not initiate another settlement freeze to get talks started again . "  We already gave at the office , " he said , referring to a 10-month freeze enacted by his government last year .	Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas leads the meeting in Ramallah In it , Palestinian leaders say they 'll push for statehood at U.N. They also condemn Israeli plans for settlements in a disputed area
New York  CNN  -- Seeking redemption after a prostitution scandal waylaid his political career , former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer launched a petition campaign Monday in a bid to become the comptroller of New York City . If he succeeds in getting on the ballot for the September primary , Spitzer will join former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner -- who is seeking the city 's Democratic mayoral nomination -- as disgraced New York politicians trying to revive their careers in the same election . "  Politics is a contact sport , " Spitzer said Monday morning on radio 's "  The Bill Press Show . " "  I made significant errors . I stood up , accepted responsibility , resigned . It 's now been five years , I hope the public will extend its forgiveness to me . " The decision was somewhat sudden , with Spitzer telling CBS on Monday that he reached it over the weekend . Now he knows the tough questions will come . "  You need skin as thick as a rhinoceros , " he said in the CBS interview . Spitzer joins the ranks of other politicians gambling on the forgiveness -- or fleeting memories -- of voters to resume their derailed careers . Spitzer to toss hat back in the political ring Among them are former South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , who won a U.S. House seat in May four years after revealing an extramarital affair , and Weiner , who recently jumped into the race for New York mayor after resigning his House seat over sexual-tinged tweets . Spitzer , a Democrat , resigned in 2008 after revelations he spent thousands of dollars on prostitutes . Since stepping down , the Democrat has been a commentator for various news outlets , including CNN . "  I recognize the flaws that led to 2008 , " Spitzer told CNN on Sunday night . In the Monday interviews that coincided with a campaign to gather the 3,750 signatures needed by Thursday to get on the primary ballot , Spitzer said his goal was to return to public service . "  I think anybody 's who 's been through what I have been through -- sure you want redemption , " he told CBS . "  I do n't think this is the best way to get it . If that 's what I want , then I do n't think this is the path to it , but what I am seeking is service . ... The most satisfying thing for me ever is public service . " A comptroller 's life A comptroller oversees how an organization reports its finances . It will be a far cry for the 54-year-old former New York attorney general whose reputation as a scourge of white-collar crime propelled him to the governor 's office in 2006 . "  I have to win over not only Wall Street , but Main Street , and the record of my cases on Wall Street shows I understood the real problems , " he said Sunday . Spitzer said he has his wife 's support as he jumps back into political life but does n't know if she 'll be joining him on the campaign trail . Asked Monday if they were separated , he said no . When politics gives you a second chance Second chances Politics is full of second chances . Just ask Sanford . His political career was left for dead when he disclosed -- after disappearing from the public eye for nearly a week in 2009 -- that he was having an affair with an Argentine woman . He told his staff he was hiking the Appalachian Trail during his absence but eventually admitted he had been in Buenos Aires . He withstood an impeachment attempt in the South Carolina Legislature , but his wife divorced him . Cut to 2013 , when Sanford ran in a special election to fill a vacant U.S. House seat in South Carolina . He won the GOP primary and then defeated a Democratic challenger to return to Washington , where he previously was a congressman before becoming governor . Weiner hopes for a similarly successful comeback . He was in his seventh term in Congress representing parts of Brooklyn and Queens when he was caught sending lewd photos and messages to multiple women . At first he lied , claiming his Twitter account was hacked , but he later admitted to the indiscretions and left the House of Representatives . In May , Weiner announced he 'd be running for mayor of New York . Two surveys of voters released in late June indicate Weiner is basically tied in the battle for the Democratic mayoral nomination . Spitzer hopes for a similar reaction . "  I think it is a land of forgiveness , " he told "  The Bill Press Show , " adding that "  people in their natural goodness understand the fact that ... we sin , we pay a price and hopefully continue . " Opinion : Zombie politicians find new life after disgrace CNN 's Ashley Killough and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Eliot Spitzer and Anthony Weiner could wage their comebacks in the same election Spitzer says he 's looking for forgiveness and a second chance He 's seeking 3,750 signatures needed by Thursday to get on primary ballot Spitzer resigned in 2008 in the wake of a prostitution scandal
It was a desperate plea from a tearful dad , tossed like a message in a bottle into the vast sea of the Internet . "  You ever do something crazy because you just do n't know what to do anymore ? Well , that 's what I 'm doing right now , " said John Berlin , staring into the camera with moist , red-rimmed eyes . "  I 'm calling out to Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook , " he continued . "  You 've been putting out these new movies , these one-minute movies that everyone 's been sharing . Well , my son passed away ... and we ca n't access his Facebook account . I 've tried e-mailing , and different things , but it ai n't working . All we want to do is see his movie . "  I know it 's a shot in the dark , but I do n't care , " he said , his voice breaking . "  I want to see my son 's video . His name 's Jesse Berlin . So please help me . " The Arnold , Missouri , man shot the emotionally raw , 84-second clip on his phone and posted it Wednesday morning to YouTube and Facebook . By late afternoon it had hundreds of thousands of views and he was deluged with Facebook messages . Then , that night , Facebook called . As Berlin listened , stunned , they told him would indeed make a personalized "  A Look Back " video for Jesse , using posts he had made public on Facebook before his death in 2012 at age 21 . Now Berlin is planning to share it online as a tribute to his late son . "  I just wanted a piece of him , " he told CNN in a phone interview . "  These  Facebook  videos really touched me . And every time Jesse would pop up  in one of them  , I was choking back tears . I just wanted so desperately to see how his video would turn out . " Facebook created the customized videos for most of its active users Tuesday to celebrate its 10th anniversary . The 62-second clips note the year the user joined Facebook , then show a handful of their most-liked posts and a seemingly random selection of their photos -- all set to instrumental music . A Facebook spokesperson said Berlin 's video came to the attention of a staffer Wednesday , who shared it on an internal network . "  With the number of people using our service , it 's often very difficult to act on behalf of one . But John 's story and emotion moved us to take action -- so we did , " the spokesperson said . Facebook realizes that by granting Berlin 's wish , they risk being deluged with similar requests from other users wanting to see video highlights of their deceased loved ones . Honoring all the requests would be difficult , but where do you draw the line ? It 's a thorny question . The Facebook spokesperson would not address this issue directly . But he said Facebook , which introduced "  memorial " pages for deceased users in 2009 , wants to give users better ways to honor their loved ones on the site . "  This experience reinforced to us that there 's more Facebook can do to help people celebrate and commemorate the lives of people they have lost , " he said . "  We 'll have more to share in the coming weeks and months . " John Berlin said his son Jesse died of natural causes in his sleep on the morning of January 28 , 2012 . Doctors could not pinpoint the cause of death , although he was told a viral infection may have impacted Jesse 's heart , he said . Jesse Berlin was a musician and played rhythm guitar in Fivefold , a popular Missouri rock band . "  Jesse was all about having fun , " his father said . "  We 'd always say our hobby was laughing . We would just cut up about everything . " He is also survived by his mother , Lisa , sister Nicole , 26 , and brother Jared , 21 . John Berlin posted Jesse 's "  A Look Back " video on Friday to YouTube and his Facebook page , where it 's been liked and shared thousands of times . Berlin still ca n't believe his unassuming video appeal , which now has more than 2.7 million views and 7,500 comments , got Facebook 's attention from a small town in the Midwest . But he hopes that his story will inspire Facebook to help others like him and ease their access to the accounts of late loved ones . "  I 'm glad that we 're finding purpose in Jesse 's death , " he said . "  I ca n't express how much this means to me . "	Missouri dad posts emotional video asking Facebook to share video of his late son Family wanted to see son 's edition of the "  Look Back " clips Facebook posted this week Facebook has agreed to honor his request John Berlin said his son Jesse died in 2012 of natural causes at age 21
Is the President doing a good job handling the Ebola crisis ? That 's one question the Democratic senator running for reelection in Arkansas said is hard to answer . When faced with the question , Sen. Mark Pryor could n't come up with an answer because , well , "  it 's hard to know . " "  Umm ... I would say that ... it 's hard to know , uh , because I have n't heard the latest briefing on that to know all the details -- I mean , I read the paper and all , but , " Pryor said in an interview that aired Tuesday on MSNBC . Pryor , who is locked in a tight contest this fall , said he is of course aware of the efforts by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to contain the virus and the efforts of medical and engineering professionals fighting Ebola in West Africa . So what gives ? Has Obama done enough ? "  Umm ... again I 'd have to see the latest numbers , " Pryor said . Pryor 's nonresponse comes just over a month after he attacked his opponent , Rep. Tom Cotton , in an August ad that gave the Ebola crisis a starring role . After rolling news clips about the crisis , the ad claims Cotton "  voted against preparing America for pandemics like Ebola " and "  cut billions from our nation 's medical disaster and emergency programs . " Pryor 's hesitation on judging Obama falls in a state where support for the President could hurt any Democratic candidate , as just 33 % of Arkansans approve of the President 's job performance overall . No poll has shown what Arkansans think of Obama 's handling of the Ebola crisis . But maybe Pryor will get some sympathy from voters . They have n't made up their mind yet on whether to give him another term . A CNN/ORC poll last month showed the race a dead heat , with Cotton holding a 2-point advantage that did n't break the margin of error .	Judging Obama 's handling of the Ebola crisis ? "  Hard to know " for Sen. Mark Pryor Pryor is locked in a tight contest against Republican Rep. Tom Cotton Pryor ran an attack ad against Cotton this summer that spotlighted the Ebola crisis
CNN  -- NASA wo n't have to maneuver the international space station to dodge a piece of debris from a Soviet-era satellite spinning around Earth , the space agency announced Monday . NASA says debris wo n't threaten the international space station , seen here from Endeavour in November 2008 . Mission controllers at the Johnson Space Center in Houston warned earlier that a piece of the Kosmos 1275 was to pass about 1/2 mile from the space station early Tuesday morning . But after further study , NASA determined no evasive action would be needed , said Paul Dye , flight director for the space shuttle Discovery , which is en route to the station . "  The latest tracking information showed it is outside of our area of concern , so the station is going to be right where we expected it to be , " Dye told reporters at the Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas . Discovery lifted off from Florida on Sunday for a scheduled docking at 5:13 p.m. ET Tuesday . The spacecraft is not threatened by the debris , said LeRoy Cain , the shuttle program 's deputy manager . The dimensions of the satellite debris were not known Monday . The object was expected to pass "  on the fringes " of the 2 km-by-25 km-by-25 km  1.25 mile-by-15 mile-by-15 mile  safety zone controllers monitor , Dye said . "  It 's a very low probability of hit -- less than one in 100,000 , " he said . The space shuttle Discovery is currently headed toward the station for a scheduled docking Tuesday , but the spacecraft is not threatened by the debris , said LeRoy Cain , the shuttle program 's deputy manager . Last week , a piece of debris forced the space station 's current crew -- astronauts Mike Fincke and Sandy Magnus , and cosmonaut Yury Lonchakov -- to take shelter in its escape capsule , a rare close call for the orbiting platform , NASA said . That object , a chunk of metal from a satellite rocket motor used on an earlier space mission , was about 5 inches across , and moving at nearly 20,000 mph . It passed within 3 miles of the station early Thursday afternoon and was detected too late for the station to maneuver out of the way , controllers said . iReport.com : See , share your photos of launches and space Cain called the prospect of two close passes in less than a week a "  random " occurrence , but said controllers have frequently had to maneuver around pieces of orbital junk . "  It 's part of the business , " he said . "  It comes with the territory , and we 'll continue to do whatever 's necessary to avoid debris . " CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report .	Avoidance maneuver not necessary to avoid satellite debris The exact size of the Soviet-era debris is unknown , scientists say Space station crew earlier was forced to take shelter because of other debris
CNN  -- With warm weather under way , there 's no better time to update your living quarters . But how do you turn your home into a space that reflects your personality ? Interior design expert Erin Gates , founder and editor of popular lifestyle blog "  Elements of Style , " recommends looking in your wardrobe closet for inspiration . Whether she 's decorating a sailboat in San Francisco or a studio apartment in Boston , Gates looks for parallels between fashion and popular interiors . "  The trends translate between the two seamlessly , " Gates says . Overcoming the builder-grade countertops , mass-manufactured lighting , and drab white walls can seem like a challenge , especially if you 're on a budget . Where do you start ? 1 . Shop vintage or rummage through your parents ' or grandparents ' furniture . With a fresh coat of paint or new upholstery , something you grew up with could fit beautifully into your space and tell a story . 2 . Just as fashion is ever-changing , you can keep your home in pace with trends , but be sparing about it . Keep the investment pieces simple -- sofas , beds and dining tables -- and swap out accessories like throw pillows , rugs and lamps to reflect the current trends . Keep your space looking timeless so you wo n't tire of it in six months . It 's much easier to toss a peplum top than a brass chair . 3 . To help feel stimulated , make inspiration boards either virtually or from fashion and decor magazine clippings , she suggests . Are you seeing similar colors , patterns , and shapes ? This should give you a good idea of what would make you happy in your space . 4 . As far as your home goes , gray is still the hottest neutral color , use brass instead of chrome , large-scale photography , blush or light mint green as accent colors and add a potted ficus tree somewhere . Bringing live greenery inside adds so much life . 5 . Buy the best you can afford once instead of spending poorly three times . We 've all bought something cheap because we did n't want to save up for what we really wanted , and then we end up buying it anyway when the first thing falls apart . You end up spending more than you would have if you just bought what you wanted in the first place . Gates has a book of design inspirations coming out next fall .	Designer Erin Gates recommends taking decor inspiration from fashion You favorite styles and shopping venues can translate into your living space Pairing vintage with new items and saving up for quality showpieces are key
CNN  -- Voters have elected a former guerrilla who became a crusader against political corruption as the new mayor of Colombia 's capital . A military tribunal jailed Gustavo Petro in 1985 for his connections with the M-19 leftist guerrilla group , which was known for high-profile attacks against Colombian authorities -- including a takeover of the nation 's Palace of Justice that year , which left dozens dead , including 11 Supreme Court justices . Petro , 51 , is not the first Latin American leader with a guerrilla warrior background . Voters in Uruguay and El Salvador also have elected politicians who were previously involved in rebel groups . Before winning Bogota 's top job Sunday , Petro , trained as an economist and business administrator , had served as a lawmaker , diplomat and presidential candidate . Speaking to a crowd of cheering supporters Sunday , Petro called his election to Bogota 's top post a sign that voters were "  saying yes to reconciliation . " He vowed to incorporate ideas of other candidates into his administration -- even former Mayor Enrique Penalosa , who he soundly defeated . "  We are going to try to set up some meetings with the candidates to talk about their programs , " he said . In the political sphere , Petro quickly developing a reputation as a persistent critic of corruption . As a senator , he led the charge against lawmakers and members of then-President Alvaro Uribe 's government , accusing them of connections with paramilitary groups . In 2010 , he came in third place when he ran for president in Colombia . He takes office as Bogota 's mayor on January 1 . He has said building homes for the needy and overhauling the education system will be among his top priorities . Journalist Fernando Ramos and CNN 's Patricia Ramos contributed to this report .	Mayor-elect Gustavo Petro was connected with the M-19 guerrilla group He was jailed for two years and later ventured into politics Uruguay and El Salvador also have politicians with histories in rebel groups Petro says voters are "  saying yes to reconciliation "
CNN   -- He 's one of a new generation of African leaders , championing a free market , stronger ties to the West and the ultimate unification of Africa . Kikwete was elected president of Tanzania with 80 percent of the vote in 2005 , and maintains strong support at home and abroad . However he faces some tough challenges combating poverty and growing Tanzania 's economy . But ultimately he says his mission is focused and simple : "  Essentially it is service to the people of Tanzania ; this is my interest . "	Tanzania 's fourth president elected in 2005 with 80 percent of popular vote Joined the military after university before going into politics Aspires for a "  United States of Africa " with a single government Was the first African leader to meet U.S. President Obama in Washington D.C.
CNN  -- Wanted . $ 10 million reward . Someone with that bounty on his head would normally have to be in hiding . Not Hafiz Mohammed Saeed , the leader of Pakistan 's Jamaat-ud-Dawa  Party of Truth  , considered a terrorist organization by the United States . Saeed made headlines in the wake of Superstorm Sandy after he offered to send aid to its victims in the United States , which Washington quickly rejected . "  This particular offer strikes us as very hollow , " State Department spokesman Mark Toner has said . India and Washington accuse Saeed of being directly responsible for the November 2008 attacks in Mumbai that killed 166 people , and the U.S. government offered the handsome bounty for information leading to his capture . U.S. declines Pakistani radical 's offer to help Sandy victims Despite his high profile , he says he does not live in seclusion , and he runs 150 madrassas and schools across the country . The U.N. Security Council even published a street address for him in Lahore in 2008 . CNN sat down to record an interview with him in a building across from his home . But Saeed takes security seriously and required that the crew first meet with one of his men on the outskirts of Lahore then follow him into town . Checkpoints lined the block around his house . He agreed to the interview with a Western news organization , only because he wanted to talk about his offer to Sandy 's victims . "  We have differences with the American government 's policies , but the American people are only human ; we are all human . It 's not their fault , " Saeed told CNN . In a sermon , which can be found on the Internet , he has blasted the West as being the real terrorists . Saeed has repeatedly denied any involvement with the Mumbai killings or support for terrorism despite accusations he has masterminded numerous attacks . "  I condemn this attack and the innocent lives that have been lost , " he said . "  I do n't support this attack or any violence of this kind , but you do n't even seem to believe me ; I 've said it so many times . " He highlighted charitable activities by Jamaat-ud-Dawa . The U.S. State Department describes JuD 's mission as the establishment of Islamist rule in India and Pakistan . Saeed softened his stance on Sharia law when speaking to CNN , saying he did not want to impose the strict laws by force but encourage it by raising awareness instead . It was a departure from past radical positions . To the U.N. Security Council , Saeed 's party is synonymous with the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , and he is its leader , who also actively supports al Qaeda and the Taliban . Even Lashkar-e-Tayyiba as denied responsibility for the Mumbai attacks , which saw the Taj Mahal Hotel set alight , according to the Council on Foreign Affairs . The outlawed group , whose name translates to "  army of the pure , "  has a reputation for being particularly active in the conflict region of Kashmir . Both India and Pakistan place varying claims on it . China lays claim to a small part of it as well . India 's National Investigation Agency is to carry out inquiries in Pakistan into possible connections with the Mumbai attacks . Saeed told CNN he would speak with them . He said he has written letters to the U.N. and the European Union in attempts to clear his name , even offering to cooperate with investigations -- to no avail . Until then , Hafiz Saeed - surrounded by armed guards - says he will continue to provide moral support , but no more , in the cause of liberating Kashmir . And he will deliver relief aid to the people of Pakistan , as the United States will not accept his offers . ` Heroic ' Iran , ` resistive ' Syria behind Sandy , pro-Assad group claims	The U.S. has a $ 10,000,000 bounty on Hafiz Mohammed Saeed 's head The State Department rejected Saeed 's offer to help Sandy 's victims Saeed is suspected of direct responsibility for the 2008 Mumbai attacks that killed 166 Saeed softened his stance on the implementation of Sharia in an interview with CNN
CNN  -- Serena Williams has revealed she is not in love with playing tennis , despite an impressive straight sets victory on her return to action at the Brisbane International tournament . Playing in her first match since losing the U.S. Open final to Samantha Stosur in September , Williams brushed aside South African Chanelle Scheepers 6-2 6-3 with consummate ease . The 30-year-old American , who is seeded fourth in Brisbane , fired down seven aces in a 68-minute victory -- but later told reporters that she will cut back her schedule even further in 2012 . Clijsters returns with convincing victory "  I just want to be able to do other things that I 'm doing and expand on that . I think that helps keep my motivation up , " said the 13-time grand slam winner . "  I do n't love tennis today but I 'm here . I ca n't live without it -- there 's a difference between not loving something and not being able to live without it . "  It 's not that I 've fallen out of love with it . I 've actually never liked sports and I never understood how I became an athlete , " Williams continued . "  I do n't like working out , I do n't like anything physical . If it involves sitting down or shopping , I 'm excellent at it . " In other matches , top seed and local favorite Stosur beat Anastasiya Yakimova of Belarus 6-2 6-3 and is on course to face Williams again in the semifinals . Second seed Andrea Petkovic of Germany defeated Israeli Shahar Peer 7-6 1-6 6-3 , while former world number one Ana Ivanovic saw off Austrian Tamira Paszek 6-3 6-3 and now faces Kim Clijsters .	Serena Williams reveals she does not love tennis after Brisbane victory Williams is impressive in straight sets win over South African Chanelle Scheepers Top seed and local favorite Samantha Stosur also cruises through to second round
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama said Wednesday he told government lawyers to object to a court-ordered release of additional images showing alleged abuse of detainees because the release could affect the safety of U.S. troops and "  inflame anti-American opinion . " President Obama discusses the alleged prisoner abuse photos at the White House on Wednesday . Releasing the photos could have a "  chilling effect " on further investigations of detainee abuse without adding to the understanding of past abuses , he said . The Pentagon was set to release hundreds of photographs of prisoners in detention facilities in Afghanistan and Iraq . The photos "  are not particularly sensational , especially when compared with the painful images that we remember from Abu Ghraib , " Obama said , referring to the Iraqi military prison where photographs released in 2004 of detainees being abused and humiliated sparked widespread outrage . "  But they do represent conduct that did n't conform with the Army manual . " Obama reiterated that any future abuse of detainees is "  unacceptable " and "  will not be tolerated . " The publication of the photos would not add any additional benefit to investigations being carried out into detainee abuse -- and could put future inquires at risk . Watch the president discuss his detainee photo decision " "  The publication of these photos would not add any additional benefit to our understanding of what was carried out in the past by a small number of individuals , " Obama said . "  In fact , the most direct consequence of releasing them would be to further inflame anti-American opinion , and to put our troops in greater danger . " The announcement Wednesday was a reversal of what White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said last month , when he told reporters the White House had no problem releasing the photos . Before Obama spoke to reporters , Gibbs said Wednesday afternoon that there was "  a lot of back and forth in -LSB- Obama 's -RSB- mind over the course of several weeks about ensuring that this protected those that keep us safe , that it protected our national security . " iReport.com : Should photos be released ? The release was ordered in response to a Freedom of Information Act request filed by the American Civil Liberties Union . It followed Obama 's decision to release Bush-era CIA documents showing the United States used techniques like waterboarding , considered torture by the current administration . Waterboarding ' a mistake ' " Obama 's decision "  makes a mockery " of his promise of greater transparency and accountability , ACLU attorney Amrit Singh said . "  Essentially , by withholding these photographs from public view , the Obama administration is making itself complicit in the Bush administration 's torture policies , " Singh said . "  The release of these photos is absolutely essential for ensuring that justice -LSB- is -RSB- done , for ensuring that the public -LSB- can -RSB- hold its government accountable , and for ensuring that torture is not conducted in the future in the name of the American people . " Singh said his organization is prepared to "  do whatever it takes " to have the photos released . Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Wednesday that grave concerns coming from top military brass may have influenced the president 's decision . "  What 's motivated my own change of heart on this and perhaps influenced the president is that our commanders ... have expressed very serious reservations about this ... and that the release of these photographs will cost American lives , " Gates said . "  That 's all it took for me , " he added . Democrats in the Senate were mostly quiet on Obama 's reversal on Wednesday . But Sen. Russ Feingold , of Wisconsin , said he at least initially disagrees with it . "  I am generally opposed to keeping the American people in the dark for no other reason than to shield misconduct , avoid embarrassment or other reasons not pertaining to national security , " Feingold said in a written statement . "  From what I 've heard so far , I 'm not convinced there is a compelling reason these photos should n't be released . " Two Democratic congressmen had different reactions to Obama 's decision . Rep. Jerry Nadler of New York said he thinks "  the administration may be very well justified in withholding the pictures . " Nadler , who said he agrees with the ACLU "  98 percent of the time -- but not here , " said he had not seen the photos but he doubted they provided any more information than was in Bush-era memos recently released . "  Get all the memos out , get everything out ... but with these pictures it may be that they 're dangerous , and that 's a legitimate concern , " he said . But Rep Lynn Woolsey of California said , "  I would have preferred that they were out there . " "  We have so much to do . It 's such a distraction , " Woolsey added . "  Get these pictures out there and get it behind us . " The ACLU said the Pentagon had agreed to release a "  substantial " number of photographs by May 28 . Officials at the Pentagon said the photographs are from more than 60 criminal investigations between 2001 and 2006 and show military personnel allegedly abusing detainees . "  The disclosure of these photographs serves as a further reminder that abuse of prisoners in U.S.-administered detention centers was systemic , " ACLU National Security Project Director Jameel Jaffer said before Obama 's decision . "  Some of the abuse occurred because senior civilian and military officials created a culture of impunity in which abuse was tolerated , and some of the abuse was expressly authorized . " Singh added that the photographs "  provide visual proof that prisoner abuse by U.S. personnel was not aberrational but widespread , reaching far beyond the walls of Abu Ghraib . " But Pentagon officials reject ACLU allegations that the photos show a systemic pattern of abuse by the military . Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said the Defense Department has "  always been serious about investigating credible allegations of abuse . " "  The policy of the Department of Defense is to treat all prisoners humanely , and those who have violated that policy have been investigated and disciplined , " he added . More than 400 people , Whitman said , have been disciplined based on investigations involving alleged detainee abuse . The discipline ranged from prison sentences to demotions and letters of reprimand . The Pentagon initially wanted to prevent the images from being made public , but decided to release them after losing two court cases , according to Whitman . "  We felt this case had pretty much run its course , " he said prior to Obama 's decision . "  Legal options at this point had become pretty limited . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Deirdre Walsh , Ed Hornick and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	NEW : Democratic congressmen offer mixed reactions to Obama 's decision NEW : Senate Dems mostly quiet , but Russ Feingold says he opposes move Obama says releasing photos would "  further flame anti-American opinion " Photos show detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan between 2001 and 2006
Washington  CNN  -- After celebrating his second inauguration with a throng estimated at about 800,000 , President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama spent the evening at more intimate affairs : 30,000 guests at two inaugural balls . The Obamas first swung by the Commander in Chief 's Ball , where they danced in front of a sea of cell phone cameras to Jennifer Hudson 's performance of Al Green 's classic "  Let 's Stay Together . " They then switched partners : the first lady danced with Marine Corps Gunnery Sgt. Timothy D. Easterling and the president danced with an Air Force Staff Sgt. Bria D. Nelson . Obama sang a bit of the same song at a campaign fundraiser in Harlem last year . The first lady wore a custom , ruby-colored gown designed by Jason Wu , who also designed her inaugural gown in 2009 , and the president wore a tuxedo and white tie . Vice President Joe Biden and his wife , Jill , also appeared at the two balls , dancing to Jamie Foxx performing Ray Charles ' "  I Ca n't Stop Loving You . " Foxx portrayed the singer in the movie "  Ray . " Your inauguration photos The Bidens also switched partners with military members , the vice president dancing with Army Staff Sgt. Keesha Nicole Dentino and Mrs. Biden with Navy Petty Officer Patrick Figueroa . Obama delivered the "  thanks of the American people " to the members of the military at the service members ' ball . "  Thank you for volunteering , thank you for stepping up , thanks for making us strong , thank you for keeping us safe , " the commander-in-chief told the cheering revelers . He also told them that Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey had promised to sing , "  so hold him to that . " The Obamas also danced to "  Let 's Stay Together " at the Inaugural Ball , also held in the convention center . Hudson was one of 21 acts that were to perform at the two balls , including Alicia Keys , Brad Paisley , Far East Movement , fun. , members of the cast of "  Glee , " John Legend , Katy Perry , Marc Anthony , Mindless Behavior , Nick Cannon , Smokey Robinson , Soul Children of Chicago , Soundgarden , Stevie Wonder and Usher . Keys changed the lyrics of her hit "  Girl on Fire " from "  This girl is on fire " to "  Obama 's on fire . " Organizers converted the convention center 's massive , bare-bones exhibit hall into a slightly less bare-bones ballroom . No chandeliers here , just a few drapes and decorations to spruce up the exposed ceiling and fluorescent lights . Revelers danced on the center 's industrial concrete floor . Kelly Clarkson 's Inauguration Day diary Seen close to the stage were the first lady 's mother , Marian Robinson , and Obama adviser and family friend Valerie Jarrett . Former Obama campaign manager Jim Messina was seen in the crowd . The Inaugural Ball was split between two floors in the building , and attendees were not allowed to go from floor to floor . While Monday 's events were the only two official balls , there were others in the city around the inauguration . On Sunday night , they included the Red , White and Blue Ball headlined by Lynyrd Skynyrd ; the Hip Hop Ball , chaired by Russell Simmons with appearances by 2 Chainz , John Legend , Eva Longoria and Swizz Beatz ; and the "  Latino In Performance " and "  Let Freedom Ring ! " galas at the Kennedy Center . On Monday , the Creative Coalition was putting on a ball with a performance by the Goo Goo Dolls , while the Young and Powerful Black Tie Ball and the Congressional Black Caucus Inaugural Ball were also taking place in the city . Sponsors threw a ball for George Washington a week after his inauguration in New York in 1789 , but the celebrations were established as a tradition with the inauguration of James Madison in Washington in 1809 . The Obamas dashed around Washington to 10 balls in 2009 , but like many things in his second inauguration -- smaller crowds , shorter lines , shorter speeches -- the number was reduced . President Bill Clinton 's second inauguration in 1997 holds the record for most balls with 14 . George W. Bush had eight balls in 2001 and nine in 2005 . Drama in red : First lady doubles down on Jason Wu CNN 's Allison Brennan , Alison Harding and Lesa Jansen contributed to this report	Obamas dance to Jennifer Hudson 's performance of Al Green 's "  Let 's Stay Together " First lady wears Jason Wu gown to both soirees ; Wu also designed her 2009 gown 21 acts were to perform at the two official inaugural balls Monday night
CNN  Thirty years ago Wednesday , more than three dozen stars -- many fresh from the American Music Awards -- checked their egos at the door and piled into a recording studio to record "  We Are the World . " The basic tracks for the Lionel Richie-Michael Jackson composition had been done a week earlier , but it was this January 28 , 1985 , session that counted -- the one that included Bruce Springsteen , Bob Dylan , Ray Charles , Billy Joel and many other of the biggest artists of the day  and , in many cases , of all time  . "  We Are the World " was a way to raise money to fight a famine in Ethiopia and other parts of Africa , following in the harmonious path blazed by Band Aid 's "  Do They Know It 's Christmas ? " The single , credited to USA for Africa , sold more than 20 million copies and topped the charts for four weeks in April and May . It was a big deal at the time . Even "  Doonesbury 's " Garry Trudeau got involved . In the decades that have followed , there have been other attempts at all-star charity records and performances , some hugely successful , others all but ignored .  Quincy Jones helmed both the original 1985 record and its remake , a 2010 fund-raiser for Haiti , which was n't as big a hit .  The original song -- and video -- have been widely parodied . And we wo n't even mention "  Hands Across America . "  Whoops . It was a long time ago , was n't it ? Check the gallery to see how the soloists fared in the years since .	Three dozen stars recorded "  We Are the World " 30 years ago on January 28 , 1985 "  We Are the World " was meant to raise money to fight a famine in Africa
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo missed an early penalty as Manchester United earned a 0-0 draw in the first leg of the Champions League semifinal at Barcelona 's Nou Camp stadium on Wednesday night . Cristiano Ronaldo sent his penalty attempt wide as United failed to take an early lead at the Nou Camp . The Portugal winger , the top scorer in this season 's competition , spurned the chance to net for the 39th time overall this campaign and give United a vital away goal . The 23-year-old hit the stanchion high outside goalkeeper Victor Valdes ' left-hand post in the third minute after Gabriel Milito handled his header from a Paul Scholes corner . It was United 's best chance in a game dominated by the home side , who had the best of possession with some silky moves but failed to find the killer pass in the final third of the pitch . United goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar made a string of saves , especially in the second half , but was not often seriously tested . Barcelona were boosted by the return of Argentina forward Lionel Messi , who started alongside Samuel Eto'o up front , with Thierry Henry on the bench after also being cleared following an illness . Messi picked out Samuel Eto'o in the 13th minute only for midfielder Scholes -- making his 100th Champions League appearance -- to make a vital interception . Barcelona pressed forward again in the 21st minute and Rafael Marquez got clear of his marker but his header failed to trouble Van der Sar , who was back in the side following a groin injury . Then Yaya Toure showed good skill for the home side and sent a good cross into the area that was turned away by Van der Sar . Ronaldo felt he should have had another penalty in the 30th minute when he was bundled over by Marquez after Xavi had carelessly lost possession , but Swiss referee Massimo Busacca allowed play to continue . Eto'o rattled in a shot after 34 minutes but Wes Brown -- who passed a late fitness test to replace the ill Nemanja Vidic in central defense -- made a vital block . Brown partnered Rio Ferdinand , with England midfielder Owen Hargreaves operating as a makeshift right-back . Deco , starting his first game for Barcelona after two months out with injuries , then failed to test Van der Sar with a free-kick in the 38th minute . Marquez was booked in the 44th minute after tripping Ronaldo as he attempted to surge forward , meaning the Mexican is suspended for next Tuesday 's second leg at Old Trafford . Ronaldo sent his effort from an acute angle wide of the post . After the break , Messi saw his effort blocked in the 47th minute and then Van der Sar tipped over defender Gianluca Zambrotta 's long-range effort . Messi beat three United players but Ferdinand cut out his low cross from the right , then he played in a superb ball for Eto'o -- who lashed his shot against the side-netting . Deco tested Van der Sar with a low drive , then the Dutchman easily dealt with a 20-yard effort from Xavi . Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard took off Messi in the 62nd minute , replacing him with teenager Bojan Krkic , who scored the winner in the first leg of the quarterfinal against Schalke . A foul on the Serbian-born Spaniard drew a yellow card for Hargreaves in the 73rd minute , then United boss Alex Ferguson bolstered his midfield by bringing on Nani for England forward Wayne Rooney -- who had started up front with Carlos Tevez . Rijkaard responded by replacing Deco with Henry in the 77th minute , and the French forward forced a scrambled save by Van der Sar with a long-range shot on 83 . Ferguson brought on veteran winger Ryan Giggs for Tevez soon after , then Van der Sar denied Andres Iniesta and also dived to comfortably save Henry 's free-kick from 35 yards . Barcelona continued to press until the final whistle , but still could not create a clear-cut opportunity . E-mail to a friend	Manchester United earn 0-0 draw away to Barcelona in first leg of semifinal United 's top scorer Cristiano Ronaldo misses penalty in the third minute Barca dominated Champions League tie but could not breach United 's defense Goalkeeper Edwin Van der Sar made several saves but not seriously tested
CNN  Anna Jacks checks her baby 's forehead over and over again . Is he hot ? Does he have a rash ? Is his nose still runny ? Her son has been sick before , but this time it 's different : Last week Eli was at a Phoenix Children 's Hospital clinic with a woman who had the measles , which spreads easily from person to person . Now he 's showing signs of the virus , such as runny nose and cough and fatigue . At 10 months old , Eli is too young to get vaccinated and would be especially vulnerable to serious complications of measles , such as deafness and brain damage or even death . But his parents have an even bigger worry . If Eli does have the measles , he could give it to his 3-year-old sister , Maggie , who has leukemia . So far Maggie is feeling fine , but her parents know that with her immune system wiped out by chemotherapy she 's even more vulnerable than her brother to complications . "  My biggest fear is that I 'll lose my child , or that she 'll become deaf , " Anna Jacks said . "  My family has been through enough with cancer . I do n't want her to go through anything else . " Measles cases in California soar According to Arizona health officials , the woman at the clinic who put the Jacks children in danger was herself infected by members of a family that does n't vaccinate and got measles during a visit to Disneyland , where the outbreak began more than a month ago . This week , Maggie and Eli 's father , Dr. Tim Jacks , wrote a blog post in which he expressed his feelings to this family . "  Towards you , unvaccinating parent , I feel anger and frustration at your choices , " wrote Jacks , a pediatrician . "  Why would you knowingly expose anyone to your sick unvaccinated child after recently visiting Disneyland ? That was a boneheaded move . " "  Your poor choices do n't just affect your child , " he continued . "  They affect my family and many more like us . Please forgive my sarcasm . I am upset and just a little bit scared . " Jacks signed the post "  Papa Bear . " Father asks school district to ban unvaccinated children The Jacks family asked a CNN crew not to enter their home or meet with Eli . Out of an abundance of caution we also chose not to meet with Maggie or with Tim Jacks , who has limited immunity to measles . We spoke to Anna Jacks in person because blood tests show she has complete immunity to measles . ` No unvaccinated people around my kids ' The Jackses do n't know the identity of the vaccine refusers who put their children in danger , but Anna Jacks said she knows what she would say to them if she ever met them . "  Your children do n't live in a little bubble . They live in a big bubble and my children live inside that big bubble with your children , " she said . "  If you do n't want to vaccinate your children , fine , but do n't take them to Disneyland . " But Dr. Jack Wolfson said it 's the Jacks family who should keep themselves at home , not him . Wolfson , an Arizona cardiologist , refuses to vaccinate his two young sons . He said the family that did n't vaccinate and endangered the Jacks children did nothing wrong . "  It 's not my responsibility to inject my child with chemicals in order for -LSB- a child like Maggie -RSB- to be supposedly healthy , " he said . "  As far as I 'm concerned , it 's very likely that her leukemia is from vaccinations in the first place . " "  I 'm not going to sacrifice the well-being of my child . My child is pure , " he added . "  It 's not my responsibility to be protecting their child . " CNN asked Wolfson if he could live with himself if his unvaccinated child got another child gravely ill . "  I could live with myself easily , " he said . "  It 's an unfortunate thing that people die , but people die . I 'm not going to put my child at risk to save another child . " He blamed the Jacks family for taking Maggie to the clinic for care . "  If a child is so vulnerable like that , they should n't be going out into society , " he said . Anna Jacks said she hopes vaccine refusers get educated and change their minds . In the meantime , she prays that her daughter recovers from leukemia and that both her children avoid getting measles .	Eli Jacks is too young to be vaccinated ; his sister has leukemia Measles cases that have spread to Arizona have put the children at risk
CNN  The widow of Paris kosher supermarket gunman Amedy Coulibaly has linked up with ISIS , the terror group claims . The second issue of an ISIS French language magazine , which began circulating on pro-ISIS Twitter accounts Wednesday , contains a purported two-page question-and-answer story with Hayat Boumeddiene , who is believed to have disappeared into Syria before the January 9 attack . The magazine , entitled Dar al Islam , claimed Boumeddiene safely reached the Islamic State , but offered no pictures or any other proof to corroborate the claim . French terrorism expert Jean-Charles Brisard told CNN the magazine appears to be an official ISIS publication and is a sign that Boumeddiene has reached ISIS . In the article , she was asked how Coulibaly felt about ISIS 's announcement it had established a caliphate , or Islamic state , in territory spanning Syria and Iraq . He wanted to go to Syria or Iraq to fight , she reportedly answered . Boumeddiene , 26 , claimed in the purported interview that she encountered no difficulties reaching ISIS territory and she felt good to be on ISIS soil . She did not provide any details on her role in the Paris attacks . She also gave a lengthy response to what advice she would have for Muslim women . Search for woman linked to Paris hostage-taker goes global The new issue of Dar al Islam magazine was entitled "  May Allah Curse France " and featured on its cover a picture of the Eiffel Tower being guarded by French soldiers . It also included several pictures showing the aftermath of the Paris attacks , praised Coulibaly and called for more attacks against those "  insulting the Prophet . " It claimed an associate of Coulibaly who had reached Syria had provided them a report of his positive qualities . The first issue of Dar al Islam magazine was published on December 23 and was posted on ISIS 's official Twitter account , according to Memri , an organization tracking jihadist websites . Boumeddiene is believed to have crossed into Syria from Turkey around the time Coulibaly started his terrorism spree in Paris . Coulibaly pledged allegiance to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in a video he emailed out before the kosher grocery store attack in which four people were killed . The recording was posted on pro-ISIS Twitter accounts . In January , CNN obtained surveillance video that purportedly shows Coulibaly and Boumeddiene outside a Jewish institution in Paris . A source familiar with the investigation into the Paris attacks said there was a high degree of confidence that the video shows Coulibaly and Boumeddiene . The video was recorded at the end of August or beginning of September and stored on a security camera . The source says the nature of the video makes it clear that the couple were carrying out surveillance of possible targets for months before Coulibaly , who is also believed to have killed a policewoman a day earlier , launched his attack against the kosher supermarket . Coulibaly was shot to death when police stormed the market . The video was stored because it showed possible signs of unusual activity at the location , says the source .	Hayat Boumeddiene was married to the gunman who killed four people in a Paris market Authorities think she went to Syria around the time of the attack ISIS has a new French language magazine and the second issue had a purported interview with her
Health.com  -- People with diabetes are at increased risk of having a heart attack or stroke at an early age , but that 's not the only worry . Diabetes appears to dramatically increase a person 's risk of developing Alzheimer 's disease or other types of dementia later in life , according to a new study conducted in Japan . In the study , which included more than 1,000 men and women over age 60 , researchers found that people with diabetes were twice as likely as the other study participants to develop Alzheimer 's disease within 15 years . They were also 1.75 times more likely to develop dementia of any kind . "  It 's really important for the -LSB- public 's -RSB- health to understand that diabetes is a significant risk factor for all of these types of dementia , " says Rachel Whitmer , Ph.D. , an epidemiologist in the research division of Kaiser Permanente Northern California , a nonprofit health-care organization based in Oakland , California . Health.com : Signs and symptoms of type 2 diabetes Whitmer , who studies risk factors for Alzheimer 's but was n't involved in the new research , stresses that many questions remain about the link between diabetes and dementia . The new study was "  well done " and provides "  really good evidence that people with diabetes are at greater risk , " she says , "  but we really need to look at other studies to find out why . " Diabetes could contribute to dementia in several ways , which researchers are still sorting out . Insulin resistance , which causes high blood sugar and in some cases leads to type 2 diabetes , may interfere with the body 's ability to break down a protein  amyloid  that forms brain plaques that have been linked to Alzheimer 's . High blood sugar  glucose  also produces certain oxygen-containing molecules that can damage cells , in a process known as oxidative stress . In addition , high blood sugar -- along with high cholesterol -- plays a role in the hardening and narrowing of arteries in the brain . This condition , known as atherosclerosis , can bring about vascular dementia , which occurs when artery blockages  including strokes  kill brain tissue . Health.com : 25 signs and symptoms of Alzheimer 's disease "  Having high glucose is a stressor to the nervous system and to the blood vessels , " says David Geldmacher , M.D. , a professor of neurology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham . "  The emerging information on Alzheimer 's disease and glucose shows us that we do need to remain vigilant on blood sugar levels as we get older . " Studies dating back to the late 1990s have suggested that people with diabetes are more likely to develop Alzheimer 's disease and other types of dementia , but the research has been marred by inconsistent definitions of both diabetes and dementia . The authors of the new study , led by Yutaka Kiyohara , M.D. , an environmental medicine researcher at Kyushu University , in Fukuoka , sought to address this weakness by using the gold standard of diabetes diagnosis , an oral glucose tolerance test . This involves giving a person a sugar-loaded drink after they have fasted for at least 12 hours , and then measuring how much glucose remains in their blood two hours later . Health.com : Exercise tips for people with type 2 diabetes At the beginning of the study , the tests showed that 15 % of the participants had full-fledged diabetes , while 23 % had prediabetes , also known as impaired glucose tolerance . The participants were all dementia-free when the tests were done , but over the next 15 years 23 % received a diagnosis of dementia . Slightly less than half of those cases were deemed to be Alzheimer 's disease , with the remainder roughly split between vascular dementia and dementia due to other causes .  The diagnoses were confirmed with brain scans of living patients and brain autopsies in deceased patients . Both diabetes and prediabetes were associated with an increased risk of dementia diagnosis , although the association was weaker for prediabetes . And the link persisted even after the researchers took into account several factors associated with both diabetes and dementia risk , such as age , sex , blood pressure , and body mass index . Health.com : Natural ways to lower blood pressure The results were published today in the journal Neurology . The next step , Whitmer says , will be to understand whether controlling blood sugar and reducing risk factors for type 2 diabetes also reduces dementia risk . She and her colleagues have several studies underway investigating these questions . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	People with diabetes were twice as likely to develop Alzheimer 's disease Diabetes could contribute to dementia in several ways The study included more than 1,000 men and women over age 60
CNN  -- Spaniard pop singer Alejandro Sanz has married Raquel Perera in a private ceremony in Barcelona , Spain , the couple announced Wednesday . The newlyweds , who married on May 23 , then baptized their son , Dylan , on Saturday , the parents said in a statement . "  It was a very beautiful day , unique and moving and everything went as we had dreamed , " the couple said in a statement about their wedding . Sanz , 43 , who was born in Madrid and raised in Cadiz in the Andalusia area of Spain , is a singer-songwriter and guitarist known for his flamenco-inspired music . Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg updates relationship status to ` married '	Alejandro Sanz and Raquel Perera marry in Barcelona The newlyweds baptize their son , Dylan , days later Sanz was born in Madrid and raised in the country 's southern Andalusia region Sanz 's popular music is inspired by Spain 's flamenco tradition
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Rebels pushed Thursday northward on three fronts toward the coastal cities of al-Zawiya , Aziziya and Sorman , with their ultimate goal being Tripoli , rebel field commander Adel Al-Zintani told CNN . Six rebels died and dozens more were wounded in fighting Wednesday and Thursday , he said . He predicted that the fighters would reach the coastal road that leads to the capital city within days . Zawiya is strategically important because the coastal road through the city is the main supply line from the Tunisian border to areas held by Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . Regime officials were not available Thursday evening for comment . Fighting was continuing around Misrata , where rebel spokesman Mohamed Ibrahim said the main hospital reported four rebels killed and 54 wounded . Meanwhile , in New York , a spokesperson for Ban Ki-moon said the U.N. secretary-general "  is deeply concerned by reports of the unacceptably large number of civilian casualties as a result of the conflict in Libya . " Ban is urging "  all Libyan parties " to engage with his special envoy , Abdel-Elah Al-Khatib , "  and respond concretely and positively to the ideas presented to them , in order to end the bloodshed in the country , " the spokesperson said . His remarks came three days after allegations that a NATO strike in the village of Majer near Zlitan wound up killing 85 civilians -- 33 children , 32 women and 20 men . The Tripoli government called it "  a massaacre " of civilians ; NATO has said its warplanes struck two farms used as a staging point for Gadhafi 's forces "  This is a legitimate target . And by striking it , NATO has reduced pro-Gadhafi forces capabilities to threaten and attack civilians , " said Col. Roland Lavoie , a spokesman for the NATO operation . "  We do not have evidence of civilian casualties at this stage , although casualties among military personnel , including mercenaries , are very likely due to the nature of the target . " But , on Tuesday , officials from the government in Tripoli escorted international journalists to a mass funeral in Majer , and to the site where the government and residents said the NATO airstrike killed civilians . Journalists saw the bodies of children and women among the dead and wounded at the site of the attack . It was impossible for CNN to confirm the extent of the casualties . A spokesman for the Tripoli government , Musa Ibrahim , called it "  a crime beyond imagination . " For weeks , NATO warplanes have been bombing Zlitan on a daily basis . Meanwhile , rebels have been pressing toward Zlitan 's eastern gates from the nearby opposition-held port of Misrata . Speaking to journalists in Majer on Tuesday , Ibrahim accused NATO of bombing Majer to clear the way for rebels to advance on the Gadhafi-controlled city of Zlitan , a few kilometers north . Maj. Gen. Nick Pope , spokesman for the British Ministry of Defence , said Thursday that British aircraft have been in action in recent days "  as part of NATO 's mission to protect civilians at risk of attack from Col. Gadhafi 's former regime . " The latest operations included British aircraft carrying out precision airstrikes on several sites in and around Zlitan , Pope said in a statement . The report of civilian deaths stirred anger in Washington . "  If such reports are true , it further highlights the increased risks to civilians that has occurred as a result of military intervention in Libya and is further evidence that continued bombing by NATO ... is an inappropriate tool to protect civilians or force Moammar Gadhafi from power , " wrote Rep. Dennis Kucinich in a letter to Ban . "  How can they continue to cause the deaths of innocent civilians under the color of international law and not be held accountable ? " the Ohio Democrat continued . The changing nature of who controls what in Libya was underscored Thursday by events in Washington , where the Libyan Embassy officially reopened under the control of the Transitional National Council . "  This is a message that Gadhafi can no more rule Libya , " said Ali Aujali , who was accredited Thursday as head of the Libyan mission . Aujuli said he talked Thursday with State Department officials about the Obama administration 's efforts to help the TNC gain access to some $ 30 billion in frozen Libyan assets . The State Department had ordered the embassy closed in March and expelled diplomats loyal to Gadhafi . Aujali had resigned his post as the Gadhafi regime 's ambassador to the United States in February and has since represented the opposition in Washington . The United States on July 15 recognized the rebel movement based in Benghazi as Libya 's rightful government . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Elise Labott , Joe Vaccarello , Yasmin Amer and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NEW : Rebels made headway Thursday northward toward coastal cities near the capital NEW : Rebel spokesman predicts fighters will reach the road leading to Tripoli within days NEW : Libyan Embassy in Washington reopens under TNC control
CNN  -- When most Americans think about heroic efforts that save lives and keep communities safe from gun violence , I suspect they picture someone with a badge , gun or bullet-proof vest who , with similarly equipped colleagues , busts down doors in pursuit of criminal thugs . I salute the fine officers who arrest violent criminals , but there is another kind of hero dedicated to preventing homicides and shootings . CNN Heroes called attention to him , and others like him , in a recent article . In part , it recounted the story of Tard Carter , 34 , of Baltimore , who is a convicted felon turned outreach worker . Carter goes into the most violent neighborhoods in Baltimore to keep people with histories of gang involvement , criminality and violence from shooting at each other . Carter and his street outreach colleagues have no weapons or means of protection other than their reputation , authenticity and skills as "  violence interrupters . " They help settle disputes peacefully , but they also are much needed role models and mentors who steer youth away from gangs and toward opportunities to live productive , crime-free lives . It sounds admirable , what these brave and committed people do . But can potential killers really be talked out of their initial violent impulses and intentions ? My experience evaluating Baltimore 's Safe Streets program , which aims to reduce shootings among people ages 14-25 , has convinced me that the answer is definitely yes . With the support of funding from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , my colleagues from the Johns Hopkins Center for the Prevention of Youth Violence and I spent the past five years studying the work of outreach workers and violence interrupters like Carter , working in four Baltimore neighborhoods that have historically been among the city 's most violent areas . Each of the intervention sites was in the top 10 % of police posts in Baltimore for homicides and nonfatal shootings from 2003 to 2006 . Three of four neighborhoods in the program experienced reductions in gun violence significantly greater than those in other high-crime neighborhoods that were not involved in the program . After outreach staff mediated numerous gang conflicts during the initial five months Safe Streets was implemented in Carter 's neighborhood , the community did not have a single homicide for nearly two years . This was a feat that had not been accomplished in recent memory .  The neighborhoods had had at least three homicides a year before the program . Sometimes more . Safe Streets replicates Chicago 's CeaseFire program , in which an evaluation showed impressive reductions in gun violence in seven Chicago neighborhoods . The program saved taxpayers the costs of incarceration . A common wisdom in police enforcement has long been that cities could curb gun violence through law enforcement crackdowns on drug dealers , since so much violent crime is related to drugs . But research has shown that these efforts are actually much more likely to increase than decrease violence . Government officials have begun to realize that billions of dollars spent fighting a war on drugs has not been responsible for curbing addiction or reducing violence . Law enforcement efforts targeted at violent gun offenders are often effective and vital to keeping communities safe . But public health initiatives such as CeaseFire and Safe Streets are necessary complements to law enforcement . These programs prevent violence before it occurs in the first place . Homicide is the second leading cause of death for young people in the United States , and the leading cause of death among young black males . The social cost of gun violence in the United States has been estimated to be $ 100 billion annually . To save lives and reduce these costs , we must invest in effective violence prevention programs . Regrettably , some communities that have been implementing Ceasefire have seen their funding cut and programs eliminated . The CDC is an important source of funding for such programs and for the research that determines which strategies are most effective . In light of this , it is disappointing that last week the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee voted to eliminate the CDC 's entire budget for youth violence prevention . This is short-sighted thinking that will keep heroes like Tard Carter -- whose job still survives -- from interrupting the cycle of violence in communities across the country and will stall progress toward an array of other efforts to prevent youth violence . Congress allocates billions of dollars to federal law enforcement against drug traffickers each year . By reallocating only a tiny fraction of those funds to continue CDC 's implementation and evaluation of prevention programs , Congress could really have a positive impact on youth violence . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Webster .	Tard Carter is Baltimore outreach worker who helps settle street disputes Daniel Webster says programs like "  Safe Streets " are effective in cutting gun violence Such initiatives , including Chicago 's "  CeaseFire , " complement policing , he says Webster : Recent federal cuts will hurt programs ' ability to curb street violence
CNN  Two million illnesses . 23,000 deaths . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , that 's the human toll from antibiotic-resistant "  superbugs " each year in the United States . To fight the growing problem of infections that ca n't be treated , the administration of President Barack Obama is implementing a five-year national action plan at a cost of $ 1.2 billion . Those funds , part of the President 's 2015 budget , which must still be approved by Congress , would nearly double the amount of federal money allocated to the fight . The plan calls for creating a "  one-health " approach to testing and reporting superbugs around the country , as well as establishing a DNA database of resistant bacteria . New , rapid tests to detect emerging resistant bacteria will be developed . Research for new antibiotics and vaccines will accelerate . The plan calls for two new options for people , and three for animals , by 2020 . Global surveillance and cooperation is also stressed , including a global database for animals . A key goal is to slow the growth and spread of superbugs by reducing the use of antibiotics when they are n't needed . The plan calls for a 50 % reduction in inappropriate antibiotic use in doctor 's offices and a 20 % reduction in hospital use by 2020 . "  This is a lofty goal , " said internist and Emory Associate Professor Dr. Sandra Fryhofer . "  It 's important for both patients and professionals to be on board . " There are still details to work out . "  Who determines what 's appropriate ? " asked Atlanta pediatrician Dr. Jennifer Shu . "  Are we going to have a checklist of requirements that have to be met ? I think it might be a bit tough to measure , but I think improvement can definitely happen . " A recent survey of 796 health care professionals found 63 % of the sample prescribed antibiotics when they were n't absolutely necessary , at least 10 % of the time . A top reason : the patient requested it . "  Some patients put a lot of pressure on doctors to give them an antibiotic , and they may think they 're not getting good care if they 're not given one . But that 's just not true , " said Fryhofer . "  It 's become like an insurance policy but it 's an insurance policy that does n't give good dividends . " "  I do find there is a lot of education that has to go on with patients that might expect antibiotics when their child is sick , " said Shu , "  but I think in recent years I have seen more of an awareness , and many of my patients are more hesitant to ask . " Another part of the plan pledges to eliminate the widespread use of antibiotics to boost the growth of animals raised for food . It will also phase in oversight by veterinarians for other uses of antibiotics in feed and water . While applauding the spirit of the pledge , critics say the limits are still too voluntary and limited in scope . "  The problem we have with the plan is that it only removes the growth claims from the label , " said senior analyst Steve Roach at Keep Antibiotics Working . "  What we hoped for in the plan was a commitment from FDA to identify which antibiotic uses other than growth promotion need to be changed . " "  With 80 % of the antibiotics produced in the United States being used in agriculture mostly for prevention , " said Louise Slaughter , D-New York , who has an alternate proposal in front of Congress , "  any meaningful solution to the looming antibiotic resistance crisis must begin with limits on the farm . Trusting a voluntary policy that lets industry police itself will not bring about real change . "	Antibiotic resistance is a pressing public health issue , CDC says Plan would nearly double the amount of federal monies allocated to the fight Patient use of unnecessary antibiotics will be curtailed
CNN  -- Swedish wrestler Ara Abrahamian threw away the bronze medal he won in the Greco-Roman category in disgust in a protest over judging in his semifinal bout . Abrahamian places his medal on the competition mat in protest at a judging decision . Abrahamian was beaten in the 84 kg class by eventual gold medal winner Andrea Minguzzi of Italy but was furious with the verdict , shouting at the referee before confronting the judges . The Athens silver medal winner had to be restrained by teammates and later went on to win a bronze medal match . But the row continued at the medal ceremony as he only grudgingly mounted the podium and after receiving his medal made a point of taking it off and leaving it in the center of the competition mat . Swedish fans in the arena disagreed strongly with the original decision , jeering the judges , while coach Leo Myllari also weighed in . "  It 's all politics , " he said . The medal was later returned to the sport 's governing body . In archery , China 's Zhang Juanjuan has broken one of the Olympics ' tightest strangleholds by upsetting South Korea 's defending champion Park Sung-Hyun to win the women 's individual gold medal . Korean women archers have won every Olympic gold since Seo Hyang-Soon first took the title at the 1984 Games in Los Angeles . But roared on by a passionate home crowd , Zhang beat Park 110-109 in a tense final on a rain-swept course for a famous victory . The bronze went to second seed Yun Ok-Hee , also of South Korea , who was desperate to win a medal for her coach Moon Hyung-Cgul who is fighting thyroid cancer . Zhang beat all three South Koreans on her way to the title , setting a new Olympic record of 115 in her semifinal victory over world record holder Yun . "  I have won this honor for all archers in China and I believe the future will be brighter , " said Zhang . "  I dreamed I could win a gold medal every day . I was well prepared . It was a hard journey but I finally made it . " Zhang needed to shoot a nine on her final arrow to win , but said she never doubted she could do it . "  I was quite confident , " she said . "  I shot the last arrow with no hesitation because I was confident . " South Korea had earlier won both the men 's and women 's team gold medals . There was another gold for the host nation in the judo hall when Yang Xiuli won the women 's 78kg competition -- China 's second judo gold . Yang beat Cuban Yalennis Castillo by a contentious judges ' decision in the final -- following 10 minutes of gruelling combat . The pair fought to a 1-1 draw at the end of the regulation five minutes , then traded ineffective throws to force a judges ' decision , which Yang won amid roaring cheers from the home-country crowd . South Korean Jeong Gyeong Mi claimed bronze as she threw and then pinned down Brazil 's Edinaci Silva . Frenchwoman Stephanie Possamai recorded her first victory in four attempts against Spanish veteran Esther San Miguel to win the other bronze medal . Naidan Tuvshinbayar won Mongolia 's first ever Olympic gold medal when claiming the men 's 100kg title . In the final , Naidan beat Askhat Zhitkeyev , for whom the consolation was winning Kazakhstan 's first-ever Olympic medal in the sport . Naidan , who upset Athen 's Olympic champion Keiji Suzuki of Japan in his opening bout , scored a waza ari with just under two minutes remaining , then added two yuko to seal the victory Azerbaijani fighter Movlud Miraliev took bronze by beating Poland 's Przemyslaw Matyaszek , before celebrating with an impressive backflip , while European champion Henk Grol of the Netherlands also claimed bronze , beating Georgian Levan Zhorzholiani . Meanwhile , Chiara Cainero of Italy won the gold medal in women 's skeet shooting , beating American Kim Rhode and Christine Brinker of Germany in a shoot-off . The three finished tied on 93 targets -- and Cainero hit the first two targets of the shoot-off , with Rhode and Brinker each missing one . The shoot-off continued to determine second place , with Rhode prevailing . Cainero led after qualifying with a score of 72 , but she hit only 21 of 25 targets in the final round , enabling Rhode and Brinker to catch up . Rhode won gold in double trap in 1996 and 2004 , but that event was eliminated for women before the Beijing Games . China 's Du Li rebounded from her defeat in the first medal competition of the Games , to win gold in the women 's 50-meter , three-position rifle event . Du led by one point entering the finals and shot a 101.3 to win with an Olympic record 690.3 points . Silver medalist Katerina Emmons finished with 687.7 points , while Cuba 's Eglis Yaima Cruz got the bronze . The victory will ease the disappointment of Du 's performance in the 10-meter air rifle event , when she was a favorite to claim the honor of winning the first gold medal in Beijing but flopped to finish fifth behind Czech Emmons , admitting the pressure of competing at home got to her . The host nation suffered a rare disappointment when the Chinese trio lost to Ukraine in the final of the women 's team saber fencing . Olga Kharlan scored nine of the bout 's last 13 points , leading the Ukrainian team to a surprise 45-44 victory over the China Ukraine trailed 40-36 when Kharlan entered the strip for the final round against China 's Tan Xue . The first team to 45 points wins and , after Kharlan rallied to a 44-all tie , everything was riding on the final point . After both fencers attacked , the official checked video replay but awarded neither athlete a point . Kharlan then scored the winning touch to complete a remarkable comeback . In team fencing , three fencers for each team rotate over nine rounds . In her last two rounds , Kharlan outscored her opponents 21-9 . China settled for the silver medal , and the United States took the bronze . The U.S. featured all three individual medalists in women 's saber but were upset by Ukraine in the semifinals . Heavy rain disrupted much of Thursday 's action and there was no action possible in either the rowing or canoeing events . At the Shunyi Rowing-Canoeing Park , the entire schedule was shifted to Friday , which was to be an off-day for the rowers . The rain also washed out Thursday 's canoe-kayak events , including the semifinals and the final of the women 's kayak singles and the men 's canoe double final . The schedule has also been moved to Friday , when no competition was scheduled . Following the completion of all Thursday 's medal events , China lead the way witha massive 22 gold medals . The United States have 10 , while South Korea , Italy and Germany all have six .	Swedish wrestler Ara Abrahamian throws away bronze medal in disgust China 's Zhang Juanjuan breaks South Korean dominance in women 's archery Zhang defeats defending champion Park Sung-Hyun 110-109 in a tense final Heavy rain disrupts Olympic program with rowing and canoeing all washed out
CNN  -- Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho , the only coach to win European football 's top three leagues , has told CNN in an exclusive interview that his remarkable track record of success and very public profile has had a devastating impact on his personal life . After winning league titles with Chelsea , Inter , Real as well as Porto in his homeland , Mourinho says it has got to the stage where even his 12-year-old son is taunted when he plays a football match . "  I hate my social life , " Mourinho told CNN . "  I hate not to be a normal father who goes with his son to the son 's football match and being there with the other 20 fathers there watching the game . "  I 'm at a football match of kids and I have to be there . The people have to come for photos ; the people have to come for autographs ; the people have to come to insult me ; the people have to go behind the goal of my kid and insult my kid of 12 . " As well as his uncanny ability to guide teams to trophy after trophy , Mourinho 's very public profile has also been accompanied by an ability to attract headlines -- sometimes unwanted -- where his media conference theatrics have journalists drooling over his every utterance . At times the Portuguese coach , who is courted by numerous sponsors , has also tarnished his reputation -- no more so than in last season 's altercation with the now Barcelona manager Tito Vilanova , when Mourinho poked his opponent in the eye . "  I think it 's quite normal because people think they know me , but they do n't , " added Mourinho , who is bidding to become the first coach to win the Champions League with three different clubs following his triumphs with Porto in 2004 and Inter Milan in 2010 . "  People know the manager , especially the manager during 90 minutes . And during 90 minutes , I 'm not there to have fun . "  Fun is a consequence . I 'm there to do my job , I 'm there to win . I 'm there with my team to try to win . I 'm there and I live the game , I live the match as if it was the last match of my career . "  So people look at me and they see what they see . After that , in press conferences , it 's the other place where people know me . "  In press conferences , there is still a match to play . Before the match , press conference is pre-match and after the match , press conference is post-match , but it 's a match . " But Mourinho insisted he was a very different person one from the portrayed by the media . "  People do n't know me as a friend , as a family man , as a manager inside of my group , the relationship I have with the people that work in the club . "  So I do n't complain and say people are wrong , people are looking at me with the wrong eye . No , these people see what they see . " And despite the cost to his personal life , Mourinho insisted he wanted to be a coach for at least another two decades . "  So , you know , I would love to be with my family in the street as a normal person and I ca n't , so I am a completely different person in my private life , " added Mourinho , who will turn 50 in January . "  I keep to myself , I keep to the people that are close to me and one day when my career finishes , I hope that I will still have a few years to be a normal person because I want to finish my career at 70 or 75 . " After guiding Porto to the European Cup in 2004 , Mourinho moved to England and managed Chelsea , who won two English Premier League titles in 2005 and 2006 under the Portuguese coach and he has often spoken of his desire to return to England . There has plenty of speculation he will replace Sir Alex Ferguson at Manchester United as the 70-year-old Scotsman approaches the twilight of his managerial career . The two men enjoy a close relationship away from football -- they both share a love of fine wine -- with Mourinho affectionately referring to the United manager as ` The Boss ' . "  I call him the boss because he 's the boss of the coaches and I hope that when I go back to English football he still manages Manchester United . "  I do n't think about that , especially as I have a four-year contract with Real , I sign it and when I sign it , I sign it because I wanted to be in Real Madrid at this period of my career and I do n't think in another club . "  I just say openly that for many reasons that after Real Madrid , Inter , Italy , Spain , Chelsea , England , Porto , Portugal , that after this project , the next step will be England for many reasons but when I do n't know . "  I do n't have an idea and I am so happy to be in this moment as manager of the best club in the world . " Mourinho retains a home in London and was keen to emphasize he is still on friendly terms with Chelsea 's billionaire owner Roman Abramovich , revealing that the Russian had played a key role in recently allowing Blues midfielder Michael Essien to make a loan move to Madrid before the end of the August transfer window . "  We are in touch a lot , and the last example is Michael Essien was going to another club and when I did  gestures to telephone call  ` please leave it to your friend ' he left to his friend , " said the Real coach . "  We have a great relationship in fact . "	Jose Mourinho 's son taunted while playing football Portuguese coach wants to live a ` normal ' life Will return to England at end of his spell in Madrid Wants to keep working until 70 or 75 like Sir Alex Ferguson
London  CNN  -- A senior economist at the institution spearheading the bailouts of three eurozone countries has lambasted its lack of leadership and said its first female chief is not fit for the job . In a letter obtained exclusively by CNN and addressed to Shakour Shaalan , dean of the executive board of the International Monetary Fund , 20-year veteran Peter Doyle says he is "  ashamed to have had any association with the Fund at all . " Doyle , a former advisor to the IMF 's European Department , which runs its programs for Greece , Portugal and Ireland , argues the body 's failure to deliver timely and sustained warnings to the region 's dithering politicians had led to widespread suffering for those living in stricken countries and the risk of worse to come . The institution 's lack of decisive action , Doyle says , has left "  the second global reserve currency  the euro  on the brink . " "  The fund for the past two years has been playing catch-up and reactive roles in the last ditch efforts to save it , " he writes . Read full letter here Doyle , a former IMF division head for Israel and non-eurozone nations Sweden and Denmark , was widely respected within the organization , according to IMF insiders who did not wish to be named due to the sensitivity of the issue . Doyle did not work on countries within the monetary union , but his comments highlight strong feelings among the fund 's economists about its work underway in places like Greece . His attack comes amid concerns the fund 's stringent austerity measures for debtor nations are doing more harm than good whilst failing to contain a crisis that is now well into its third year . Doyle penned his missive on June 18 just as senior IMF representatives , including its first female Managing Director , Christine Lagarde , were trying to hammer out a new set of emergency measures with key eurozone heads of government at the Group of 20 summit in Los Cabos , Mexico . Doyle says one of the reasons the IMF has not delivered on its surveillance of the global economy is European bias which if anything , he says , is "  becoming more deeply entrenched . " Lagarde : Euro crisis is ` everyone 's problem ' "  This fact is most clear , " Doyle states , "  in regard to the appointments for Managing Director , which over the past decade , have all-too-evidently been disastrous . " Referring to Lagarde -- who recently completed her first year in the role -- Doyle says , "  even the current incumbent is tainted , as neither her gender , integrity , or elan can make up for the fundamental illegitimacy of the selection process . " Doyle , who copied in Stanley Fischer , governor of the Bank of Israel , and Stefan Ingves , head of the Sweden 's central bank , says his early warnings of the impending crisis were "  identified well in advance but were suppressed . " William Murray , a spokesman for the IMF in Washington , said the fund had found no evidence to substantiate that claim , from Doyle or any other sources . Doyle went on to accuse the IMF 's board of preferring a "  handicapped fund " paralyzed by the powerplay of international politics within its upper echelons and "  subject to those proximate roots of surveillance failure . " "  There are good salty people here , " Doyle signs off , "  but this one is moving on . You might want to take care not to lose others . " The IMF 's Murray says , "  A lot of the points raised are covered by a host of public reports related to the IMF 's economic surveillance and public statements by the management on these issues . "	A former IMF economist blasts the fund for its lack of leadership Peter Doyle , a 20-year veteran of the fund , left the IMF in June Claims IMF indecision has brought the euro "  to the brink " IMF : Issues raised by Doyle "  are covered by a host of public reports "
CNN  -- The U.S. Marine Corps on Friday identified the seven killed in a midair collision of two of its helicopters this week along the Arizona-California border . The Marines , who were preparing to deploy to Afghanistan , were killed Wednesday in a collision between an AH-1W Super Cobra attack helicopter and a UH-1Y Huey utility helicopter . The Marines were identified as : _ Maj. Thomas A. Budrejko , 37 , of Montville , Connecticut . He was commissioned as an officer by the Marine Corps on May 24 , 1996 , and served as an AH-1W Cobra pilot and executive officer of attack squadron 469 . _ Capt. Michael M. Quin , 28 , of Purcellville , Virginia . He was commissioned as an officer by on May 26 , 2006 , and served as a UH-1Y Huey pilot . _ Capt. Benjamin N. Cerniglia , 31 , of Montgomery , Alabama . He was commissioned as an officer on December 14 , 2007 , and served as an AH-1W Cobra pilot . _ Sgt. Justin A. Everett , 33 , of Clovis , California . He enlisted in the Marine Corps on February 19 , 2002 , and served as a helicopter crew chief aboard a UH-1Y Huey . _ Lance Cpl. Corey A. Little , 25 , of Marietta , Georgia . He enlisted on March 30 , 2009 , and served as a helicopter crew chief aboard a UH-1Y Huey . _ Lance Cpl. Nickoulas H. Elliott , 21 , of Spokane , Washington . He on May 4 , 2009 , and served as a helicopter crew chief aboard a UH-1Y Huey . _ Capt. Nathan W. Anderson , 32 , of Amarillo , Texas . He was commissioned as an officer on December 20 , 2002 , and served as a UH-1Y Huey pilot . Anderson was assigned to Marine Aviation Weapons and Tactics Squadron One at Marine Corps Air Station Yuma , Arizona , while the other six were assigned to the Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 469 , Marine Aircraft Group 39 , 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing at Camp Pendleton , California , the Marine Corps said in a statement . "  Every single one of these Marines impacted our squadron in their own special way and the entire Marine Corps aviation community is feeling their tragic loss , " said Lt. Col. Stephen Lightfoot , commanding officer of Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 469 . The cause of the collision , which occurred during routine training operations , remains under investigation , the Marines said . The crash occurred Wednesday night around 10:30 p.m. ET in the Chocolate Mountains on the California side of the range , near Yuma , according to Marine Corps Air Station Yuma Base Commander Col. Robert Kuckuk . While weather did not appear to play a factor , visibility may have been severely limited by nightfall and a significant amount of dust , referred to as a "  brown out , " created by the helicopters landing and taking off , Gunnery Sgt. Dustin Dunk , a spokesperson for Air Station Yuma , has previously said . The cause of the crash remains under investigation , said 1st Lt. Maureen Dooley , a Marine Corps spokeswoman , said . The military has long used the AH-1W and UH-1 Huey for a variety of tasks . The military describes the AH-1W as "  the backbone of the United States Marine Corps ' attack helicopter fleet . " The UH-1Y is a twin-engine , medium-size helicopter . CNN 's Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	Six of the Marines killed belonged to a Camp Pendleton-based squadron , the Corps says One Marine was assigned to a Yuma-based squadron , the Corps says The cause of the accident remains under investigation , Marines says The Marines were preparing to deploy to Afghanistan , the Corps says
CNN  -- As crew members of the last space shuttle flight hovered over Earth for the final time , they spoke with CNN Wednesday about the next frontier in space flight . "  I think that what we 're going to see in the next few years is a very broadening horizon , " shuttle commander Chris Ferguson told CNN 's Ali Velshi hundreds of miles above Earth . "  What we 'll do is we 'll turn over the reins of that business to commercial partners . " Atlantis is scheduled to land at 5:56 a.m. ET Thursday , capping a 30-year shuttle program that has sent 355 astronauts into space . But Atlantis mission specialist Rex Walheim said he hopes the end of NASA 's shuttle program marks the beginning of more flight opportunities . "  I think it 's going to open up a new era of space flight , " Walheim said . "  We want to take that next step -- get access to Earth orbit cheaper and more frequent . We can do that by partnering with our commercial partners , and that will allow NASA to really focus on the exploration , " such as going beyond the Earth 's orbit or to asteroids and Mars . "  I think it 's going to be an extremely enjoyable and extremely exciting time for NASA , " Walheim said . "  It 's just that we have to get through this transition . " Atlantis lifted off July 8 on NASA 's final space shuttle mission . The first shuttle , Columbia , blasted off in April 1981 . Since then , space shuttle crews have fixed satellites , performed scientific studies , and ferried materials and people to International Space Station Alpha , a football field-sized construction project in orbit . NASA has sent five space shuttles on a total of 135 missions . When Atlantis lands , it will leave the United States with no way to lift humans into space for the first time in decades . NASA will rely on the Russian space agency to ferry U.S. astronauts to orbit .	Astronauts say commercial partners will be in the future of space flight A mission specialist says he hopes space travel will be cheaper and more frequent Atlantis is scheduled to land Thursday morning The landing will mark the end of NASA 's 30-year shuttle program
CNN  -- A second Massachusetts compounding pharmacy surrendered its license after state inspectors found "  significant " issues that could affect sterility , state health officials said . The pharmacy , Infusion Resource , was also found to have a center for giving intravenous medications to patients in violation of state regulations , which require a clinic license , Dr. Madeleine Biondolillo , director of the Massachusetts Department of Public Health Bureau of Healthcare Safety and Quality , said Sunday . The state Board of Pharmacy immediately issued a cease and desist notice to Infusion Resource after the October 23 inspection revealed the violations , she said . Over the weekend , the Department of Public Health "  secured the voluntary surrender of Infusion 's pharmacy license . " The company , which compounds antibiotic and nutritional IV medications for home use , said in a statement it has since recalled all compounded products dispensed in the past month , effecting 38 patients . "  No issues were cited related to the integrity of our products nor to the quality of our compounding practices , " said Bernard Lambrese , Infusion Resource CEO , in a statement . "  It is correct that Infusion Resource does not have a clinic license from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts . The space in our facility is intended for patient education , validation of patient and caregiver skills , medication counseling , medication education , teaching and training . " What is a compounding pharmacy ? Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick said last week the state would immediately begin unannounced inspections of all Massachusetts pharmacies and require that they submit annual reports detailing what they produce and distribute . That announcement came in the wake of the fungal meningitis outbreak that has caused 25 deaths and 354 illnesses , linked to the Massachusetts-based New England Compounding Center . Seven of those illnesses are peripheral joint infections that specifically affect a joint such as a knee , hip , shoulder or elbow . Infusion Resource is not linked to the outbreak . The incident began unfolding September 24 , when the department was notified about a cluster of six rare fungal meningitis cases in Tennessee . The patients shared several risk factors , including having received an epidural injection of a steroid -- methylprednisolone acetate -- that had been compounded at the NECC in Framingham . The department soon learned that the suspect product had been distributed to more than 14,000 patients in 23 states . FDA : Drug maker had internal warnings months before meningitis outbreak The Department of Public Health has asked two other companies -- Ameridose and Alaunus Pharmaceutical -- to cease all pharmacy operations based on their shared ownership and leadership with NECC . "  NECC 's transparency in dealing with the board since inception in 1998 demonstrates its good faith intention to operate in compliance with the requirements of its license , " said Paul Cirel , a Boston-based lawyer representing the compounder , in a statement last week . "  Furthermore , the company 's intention and best efforts at compliance are equally applicable in every other state in which it has been licensed . "	Investigators found "  significant " issues in an inspection of Infusion Resource The company surrendered its pharmacy license over the weekend It has recalled all compounded products dispensed in the past month The inspections are conducted in the wake of a multistate meningitis outbreak
CNN  -- Anjali Thakur is living in fear in India . She is a mother afraid for her son . "  We are all having sleepless nights , " Thakur says . Sourabh Sharma -- one of the Indian students attacked in Melbourne . Her son is n't in a war zone or even a country known to be dangerous . He is a student in Melbourne , Australia . "  Three years back when we sent him , " she says , "  it was one of the safest places for the children to go . " The Australian government says it is still safe but a spate of vicious attacks on Indian students in recent weeks has parents like Thakur and hundreds of students shaken and angry . From Melbourne to Victoria to Sydney Indian students say they are targets of racially motivated attacks . At least 10 Indian students have been attacked over the past month , the most severe case left an Indian student in a coma , another student was stabbed in the stomach , and a third left with a nasty black eye . So far more than a dozen arrests have been made . Australia authorities say they do n't believe the attacks and robberies are racially motivated but instead crimes of opportunity against soft targets : students who typically travel alone at night on public transportation . But hundreds of Indian students see it differently . They have reacted with protests in at least three Australian cities . Police say at one point Indian students decided to take the law into their own hands and retaliate which has been condemned in both India and Australia . The situation has gotten so much attention Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has made several statements on the matter , insisting the attacks are isolated incidents . In an interview on Australian radio he said : "  Every city has violence , let 's put this into perspective , and Australia I 'm advised on the statistics is one of the safest countries in the world for international students . " In India though the perception of a safe Australia has been shattered partly due to the widespread publicity of the recent cases . The story has been front page news for days while local television media has been going with breaking news every time it receives a report of an Indian student attacked anywhere in Australia . Political tension has even bubbled up between India and Australia with India 's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh addressing the attacks and asking Australia does something to safeguard India 's young people . Australia has responded with a 10-point action plan to help safeguard students . A helpline has also been set up . As for Anjali Thakur , she says her son has lived in Australia for three years and never experienced violence ; in fact she says he did n't even know about the attacks in Melbourne where he lives until she called him to warn him . But Thakur has been watching the news in India and seeing a totally different picture of Australia . "  It 's a lovely beautiful peaceful country , " Thakur says , "  but now what you see on TV and what you hear , that 's a total contrast to what we know of Australia . " The Thakur family has responded by refusing to let the youngest son study in Australia and keeping their eldest son from enrolling in a master 's program at his university . If that kind of sentiment spreads , it could have serious consequences for Australia 's $ 12.6 billion-a-year education export industry . More than 80,000 students from India study in Australia . "  Any parent will tell you , " Thakur says , "  they are not going to send a child for the best education in the world at the cost of his life . "	Spate of attacks on Indian students in Australia makes headlines in India Students say attacks racially motivated ; authorities say they are crimes of opportunity Attacks have stoked political tensions between New Delhi , Canberra More than 80,000 Indian students attend Australian universities
CNN  -- His old rival Tiger Woods is missing the Masters , but three-time champion Phil Mickelson should be teeing off at Augusta next week after allaying fears about his fitness . The veteran golfer pulled out during last week 's Texas Open with a muscle problem , having missed the Farmers Insurance Open in late January with a back issue . However , the 43-year-old raised hopes of claiming a career sixth major title after coming through Thursday 's opening round at the Houston Open in good shape . "  I feel a lot better , " Mickelson told the PGA Tour website . "  I travel with a light therapy machine , and I got on it right away , and I think that made a world of difference as far as expediting the healing process to where it does n't hurt anymore . "  It just feels sore like I was working out , as opposed to kind of a painful experience . " Mickelson , the 2011 Houston winner , carded a bogey-free four-under-par 68 to be tied for 18th in a group including fellow veterans Ernie Els , Davis Love , Retief Goosen and 2012 U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson . They were three shots behind leaders Bill Haas -- the PGA Tour 's 2011 FedEx Cup champion -- and fellow American Charley Hoffman , seeking his first victory since 2010 . World No. 7 Rory McIlroy , another Masters title contender , was tied for 59th after a 70 . On Tuesday and Wednesday , fifth-ranked Mickelson spent time practicing at Augusta , where he wore the victor 's fabled Green Jacket in 2004 , 2006 and 2010 . "  I was able to spend more time with short irons , chipping , putting as opposed to driving the ball , but even that was pretty good today , " he said . "  I hit the ball well off the tee and did n't miss very many fairways . "	Phil Mickelson raises hopes of a fourth Green Jacket after returning from injury American four shots off the lead after opening round of Houston Open He practiced at Augusta earlier this week ahead of season 's opening major
Tokyo  CNN  -- A Japanese nuclear plant will shut down its reactors after the country 's prime minister warned it was vulnerable to natural disasters , its owner announced Monday . The Chubu Electric Company said it will take two of its reactors at the Hamaoka nuclear plant off line and not bring a third back on line , effectively shutting down the plant . In a statement , the company said , "  At the May 9 , 2011 meeting of the Board of Directors , Chubu Electric Power Company , Inc. , has decided to suspend operations of Hamaoka Nuclear Power Plant until further measures to prevent tsunami  damage  are completed , as requested by the prime minister . " Prime Minister Naoto Kan said last week that the plant -- located on the Pacific coast in Omaezaki , southwest of Tokyo -- could produce "  grave damage to Japan " similar to the problems at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , and wanted earthquake and tsunami protections put in place . Akihisa Mizuno , president of Chubu Electric , said safety was the company 's first priority . Meanwhile , workers reentered the No. 1 reactor building at the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant Monday as they try to restore its cooling system , the plant 's operator said . Nine Toyko Electric Power Co. employees and two representatives from Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency spent about 30 minutes in the building measuring radiation levels . On Thursday , workers went into the damaged facility for the first time since a magnitude-9 .0 earthquake and ensuing tsunami in March . They installed a ventilation system that is filtering radioactive substances from the air . The purpose of Monday 's visit was to see how successful the system has been . Once the radioactive contamination in the air is lowered enough , workers will be able stay in the building longer to install a cooling system that Tokyo Electric wants to use to perform a cold shut down of the reactor . Cooling systems at Fukushima Daiichi , about 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo , were knocked out by the devastating tsunami that struck Japan 's Pacific coast after a massive earthquake March 11 . The disaster triggered the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl as the cores of reactors 1-3 overheated and spewed huge amounts of radioactive contamination across the surrounding area . The buildings that house reactors 1 and 3 were blown apart by hydrogen explosions in the first days of the crisis . Another hydrogen buildup is believed to have ruptured a water reservoir beneath the No. 2 reactor . In April , Tokyo Electric laid out a six - to nine-month timetable for winding down the crisis and bringing the reactors to a complete shutdown . The disaster has led to mandatory evacuations of about 78,000 people living within 20 kilometers  12.5 miles  of the plant . People living another 10 kilometers away -- or at least another 60,000 people -- have been ordered to remain sheltered . Yoko Wakatsuki , Kyung Lah and Junko Ogura contributed to this report	Chubu Electric Company says it is shutting down reactors at the Hamaoka nuclear plant Ventilating the reactor building at Fukushima Daiichi will allow employees to work there longer An earthquake and tsunami hit the nuclear facility on March 11 Reactor workers and nuclear safety officials measure radiation at the plant
CNN  -- Human progress requires good ideas . Consider how just two fundamental ideas have ushered in the modern world . Rewind a scant 600 years , and modern science does n't yet exist . Men and women live and die in squalor and filth , largely ignorant of the germs that ravage their bodies and of the natural laws that govern the universe , instead imploring an alleged supernatural force to help them navigate this vale of tears . But thanks to minds such as Galileo , Sir Isaac Newton , Louis Pasteur and Charles Darwin , this is not how we face the world today . They taught us our method of knowing : careful , mathematically precise observation , step-by-step inference and generalization , and systematic , evidence-based theory building . They had the courage to challenge entrenched authority , toss aside superstition and defy popes . As others followed the trail the first scientists blazed , human knowledge advanced dramatically . Thanks to a second idea , this explosion of knowledge broke the confines of the laboratory and ivory tower . Another daring group of thinkers challenged political authoritarianism . Kings and aristocrats were swept aside to make way for the rights of man . This idea gave birth to a new nation , our beloved America , in which the individual was free to think and pursue his own happiness . A new person arose : the industrialist . Slandered as robber barons , what these individuals actually did was earn fortunes by studying the discoveries of science and commercializing them . A mind-boggling array of inventions and products ensued : automobiles , oil , radios , antibiotics , refrigeration , electricity , washing machines , air conditioning , indoor plumbing , airplanes and on and on , to our present world of personal computers and cell phones . Try to imagine life without all of this . It 's not easy . But as far as we 've come because of these two ideas , human progress demands implementation of a third idea to complete the scientific and political revolutions . We 're still beholden to the past in ethics . Although few of us would turn to the Old Testament or the Quran to determine the age of the Earth , too many of us still turn obediently to these books  or their secular copies  as authorities about morality . We learn therein the moral superiority of faith to reason and collective sacrifice to personal profit . But the more seriously we take these old ethical ideas , the more suspect become the modern ideas responsible for human progress . The scientists in their laboratories did not demonstrate the superiority of faith . Thomas Jefferson in his Declaration did not proclaim the superiority of collective sacrifice . Why should we think these ideas are the path to moral enlightenment ? Perhaps , of all the damage these antiquated moral ideas do to human progress , the most significant is how they distort our conception of moral ideals . Ask someone on the street to name a moral hero ; if he is n't at a loss , he 'll likely name someone like Jesus Christ or Mother Teresa . Why ? Because they 're regarded as people of faith who shunned personal profit for the collective good . No one would dream of naming Galileo , Darwin , Thomas Edison or John D. Rockefeller . Yet we should . It is they , not the Mother Teresas of the world , that we should strive to be like and teach our kids the same . If morality is judgment to discern the truth and courage to act on it and make something of and for your own life , then these individuals , in their capacity as great creators , are moral exemplars . Put another way , if morality is a guide in the quest to achieve your own happiness by creating the values of mind and body that make a successful life , then morality is about personal profit , not its renunciation . Monetary profit is just one of the values you have to achieve in life . But it is an eloquent representative of the whole issue , because at its most demanding , as exhibited by a Bill Gates or a Steve Jobs , making money requires a profound dedication to material production . The fact that earning money is ignored by most moralists , or condemned as the root of evil , is telling of the distance we must travel . In effect , we need to turn the Billionaire 's Pledge on its head . The world grants , at best , no moral recognition to Gates and Buffett for the personal fortunes they 've created , but it awards them a standing ovation for giving their profits away . But the standing ovation belongs to the act of creation , the profit they brought into their own lives and anyone who traded with them . If morality is about the pursuit of your own success and happiness , then giving money away to strangers is , in comparison , not a morally significant act .  And it 's outright wrong if done on the premise that renunciation is moral . Science , freedom and the pursuit of personal profit -- if we can learn to embrace these three ideas as ideals , an unlimited future awaits . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yaron Brook and Onkar Ghate .	Yaron Brook , Onkar Ghate : Human progress has come as result of science , democracy They say our view of morality has n't been updated since the Bible and Quran World credits Bill Gates only with his philanthropy and not his achievements , they say Pursuit of innovation , productivity and personal profit should be valued , they say
Seoul  CNN  -- The world knows North Korea for its loud and over-the-top warmongering rhetoric about the U.S. . But the true war is being fought in whispers , across secret phone lines and smuggled radios . And it 's those whispers that reveal how close the peninsula may be to an actual war . "  North Koreans want to go to war soon and unite the country . They want to get out of their difficult lives through war , " said Kim Seong Min , with Free North Korea Radio . "  North Koreans are not getting any information from the outside world . They think they will win if a war breaks out . " Kim is a foot soldier in the propaganda war . He hopes to turn North Korea 's people against the regime , broadcasting a message of democracy over the radio . He records commentaries and news bulletins that are blasted over a shortwave radio frequency . In his job , he speaks to paid sources who slip him information via Chinese mobile phones at the border . He also has sources within the elite Pyongyang military ranks . Kim says the angry war rhetoric is a product of Kim Jong Un 's weak standing as a new leader . "  Kim Jong Un is not even 30 years old and everyone in North Korea knows this . He also does n't have a solid position within the army . North Koreans are also not sure how to handle the fact that their leader is so young . " That 's similar to what defectors are telling the Daily NK , an online news site based in Seoul funded by a U.S. endowment . The Daily NK also has sources within the military elite and the general North Korean population . "  The sources we 're hearing from are exhausted with the drills and the mobilization of the masses . Some feel nationalistic pride that comes with the rhetoric out of North Korea . At the same time , they 're aware of the stagnant economy on the decline and the real need for change and opening , " says Daily NK 's Gregory Pence . Pence is a Chicago native who came to Seoul as a Fulbright scholar . He stayed to work on the mission of opening up North Korea 's human rights abuses to the international community . Pence says opinions at the Daily NK , which is staffed with North Korean defectors , vary . But many at the publication fear that poor decisions can be made in times of fear . What will hold back war , Pence believes , is regime preservation . "  North Korea risks outright annihilation . If a war broke out and escalated , it would cost the peninsula , the world , " Pence adds . "  In the end , North Korea would not exist . And the leadership is aware of that . "	True war on Korean Peninsula being fought in whispers , secret phone lines and smuggled radios S. Korean propagandist : Angry rhetoric product of Kim Jong Un 's weak standing as a new leader North Korean defectors work at Daily NK , a Seoul-based website monitoring North Korea Many at the publication fear that poor decisions can be made in times of fear
CNN  -- He 's the man who helped make "  Slumdog Millionaire " an international hit , scoring the soundtrack of the Oscar winning film . Despite his performance at the Oscars ceremony and being caught up in all the glitz and adulation , Rahman is a reluctant star . Feeling like a millionaire : AR Rahman picked up two Oscar 's for best original song and best score . He 's worked on films since he was a teenager , taking over the role of family breadwinner after his father died and followed in his footsteps as a composer . While he had stints writing advertising jingles in India , composing for films has been his life 's work so far , yet from his studio in Chennai he admitted to CNN he did n't want to score films . "  I kept saying next year I 'll quit , next year I 'll quit . And finally because I was sucked into it more and more , now I have the Oscars " he said . His Oscar performance and acceptance speech was one of the most memorable at this year 's awards . "  I thought if I get it I 'll be quiet , if I do n't get it I 'll be quiet , so I was training my mind not to get over-emotional . So when I first got it I did n't feel it at all , it was like a rehearsal for me . When I finished my performance then I felt at ease and then I became very philosophical as you know , and I chose love over hate and all this stuff , " he told CNN . Feted by many in media , his hit "  Jai ho " was covered by the Pussy Cat Dolls , but the softly spoken Rahman does n't find it hard to remain grounded . Rahman runs a music school in Chennai , the KM Music Conservatory that keeps him motivated and reminds him that music has a potency that can transform lives . "  Music can do so many things . I have my foundation , I have my music school . I have people teaching , kids are learning , so I take this as an advantage , the popularity and taking that and putting it into good things , which motivated me to work harder , " he said . As well as working on more Hindi films , Hollywood beckons , if only for a new experience . There have also been rumors he may score the next James Bond film . "  I have a couple of offers from Hollywood . Pure American movies which I thought for the heck of it let 's do it and a couple of other surprises that you 'll know very soon if it works out . Big surprises I think , " he said .	Oscar-winning composer scored the soundtrack for ` Slumdog Millionaire ' Began work as a 13-year-old to support family after his father died Will continue to score films in India and Hollywood ; runs music school in Chennai
They come in all sizes and shapes , athletes do , small and tall , round and lean . They come with all kinds of personalities as well . Some are cheerful as a cheerleader and sunny as a summer 's morn . They do more than just impress you , on the field or off ; they delight you . Precious few have been the equal of Tony Gwynn , when it comes to a combination of superhuman prowess plus an everyman 's way of coming across not as someone to idolize but more like your drop-by-for-coffee neighbor next door . When he died Monday , cut down at 54 by a mouth cancer that spread , Major League Baseball mourned . Baseball Hall of Famer Tony Gwynn dies The statistics of Anthony Keith Gwynn are so off-the-chart absurd , they almost make a baseball lover laugh out loud : In the 20 seasons he played  all for the same team , the San Diego Padres  , he did not slug home runs the way Babe Ruth or Hank Aaron or Barry Bonds did ; on the contrary , a mere 135 homers in all that time ? Ha , you would think this Gwynn must have been a 98-pound weakling , rather than the chubby-cheeked , tubby-tummied specimen that he was . What he did do was hit the ball . In his two decades , in 9,288 official at-bats , Gwynn struck out a grand total of 434 times . A pitcher could n't get a pitch by him . It was the old "  like trying to throw a lamb chop past a wolf " kind of joke . You chucked it , Tony Gwynn knocked it . A single to left , to center , to right , wherever he darn well pleased . He looked like a slow-pitch softball batter who decided to poke a ball anywhere he liked . Except he did this against young , rock-abbed , iron-armed men who could hurl a hardball between 90 and 100 mph . Gwynn 's lifetime tally of 3,141 hits exceeded that of Rod Carew , Al Kaline , Roberto Clemente , Ruth , Joe DiMaggio , Lou Gehrig ... His career batting average of .338 was the kind kids fantasize about when they are up-and-comers , watching videos of themselves , trying to learn how to hit . The ballpark figures this Hall of Famer etched into the game 's record books are exceptional . Yet there was so much more to Gwynn : a perpetually happy and humble human being . A couple of examples , just to get the ball rolling : The year was 1984 and the San Diego Padres had made it to the World Series at last . Game 1 was about to be played there in southernmost Southern California , in a town known far more for its beauty than its baseball . Tony Gwynn sat in a dugout , taking on all comers , talking to reporters and teammates and TV cameramen and vendors and batboys . "  Do n't you just love baseball ? " Gwynn asked at one point of no one in particular . He and the Padres were expected by many to lose to the Detroit Tigers , a very strong team that year . "  If we do lose , " Tony the non-Tiger said , "  hooray for the Tigers . Somebody 's going to win , so if it ca n't be us , hooray for them . " Do n't you just love that ? The lack of intensity , solemnity , fear that his observation would be interpreted in some negative way ? Kirk Gibson , star of the opposing team , was the kind of guy who would have stared daggers at a teammate who fraternized with the enemy . Gwynn sought them out , trying to find Tigers before the game , eager as a frisky puppy to make friends and then go play . He had a brother , name of Chris , who got to play on his team . In 1996 , the Padres were up north in Tony 's birthplace of Los Angeles for a big game . It was decided on a clutch 11th-inning double by a pinch-hitter -- yep , Chris Gwynn , the lesser of the Gwynn brothers historically , and it won the division championship for the Padres . "  Are n't you Chris Gwynn 's brother ? " a reporter joked . "  I am today ! " Tony exulted . He loved his brother . He loved pretty much everybody . Including his own son , Tony Gwynn Jr. , who also made it to the major leagues . Brother and son might not have been in Tony 's league  as it were  , but those Gwynns , they could play this game . Tony Jr. was succinct and sincere on Twitter when the bad news came Monday : "  Today I lost my Dad , my best friend and my mentor . I 'm gon na miss u so much , pops . " Tony Gwynn and a habit all too common in baseball He had a cherubic face and a soft and nasal voice , a little bit Walter Payton , a little bit Wayne Newton . He had the torso of a nonathlete and his cheeks were puffed by smokeless tobacco , a habit that likely killed him . He endured oral surgery in 2010 and again in 2012 , and there had been a growing dread that his days were numbered . Tony Gwynn is gone ? Say it ai n't so . He did n't play for New York or St. Louis or San Francisco . He played against them . But he played for all of us , watching him with that bat , waggling it , digging in , smacking a ball where it could n't be caught . He would smile , patting the other side 's fielder on the back , while the rest of us turned to each other , shook our heads and said something like , "  Man , that guy can hit . "	Mike Downey : Tony Gwynn had dazzling baseball , but he kept his humility , common touch He says in 9,288 official at-bats , he struck out 434 times . You threw it , Gwynn hit it But he had something more , he says . He seemed eternally happy , sociable , without airs Downey : He took obvious joy in the game and the trappings . Baseball mourns his loss
CNN Student News  -- October 1 , 2009 Quick Guide Samoa Earthquake - Understand how seismic events , like the Samoan quake , can spawn tsunamis . Iran 's Inspections - Hear the International Atomic Energy Agency 's stance on Iran 's nuclear program . Longer School Day - Consider the potential pros and cons of a plan to extend the U.S. school day . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Kicking off a new month of commercial-free news , I 'm Carl Azuz and this is CNN Student News ! Glad to have you with us . First Up : Indonesian Earthquake AZUZ : We begin in Indonesia , where officials are working to determine the full impact of a major earthquake . The difficulty is that the tremor , which struck around 5 p.m. local time yesterday , caused widespread power and phone outages . Initial reports did indicate that the quake killed at least 75 people . Officials believe hundreds more may be injured and thousands may be trapped . According to the U.S. Geological Survey , the earthquake had a magnitude of 7.6 ; that 's what classifies it as a "  major " quake . It struck about 33 miles from the capital city of west Sumatra . Scientists said they could n't speculate on whether it was connected to another deadly quake that struck in the Pacific the day before . Samoa Earthquake AZUZ : That deadly tremor took place in the Samoan Islands . Officials say it claimed more than a hundred lives and flattened entire villages . President Obama has declared the situation a major disaster to help speed up aid efforts . Some of the damage was caused by three tsunamis created by the quake . Chad Myers explains how that happens . CHAD MYERS , CNN METEOROLOGIST : What happens is that the earth moves under the water , and when the earth moves , you start to push up or push down that part of the earth , eventually there 's going to be a wave get caused by that movement of the earth . There 's where it was . There 's American Samoa right there . It 's kind of an ugly mess . Here 's how it happens : Literally , there are two plates -- well , a number of plates -- but there are two plates that really were affected here in parts of American Samoa yesterday . Gon na rewind you all the way back here , and I 'm gon na play it for you , and here it goes . One plate , the subduction plate , one plate on top begins to get crunched , and then kind of separated , and then all of a sudden , it 's that energy that is released all at one time . And it 's like the inverse of throwing a stone in a pond , but you get the same waves coming out of the middle . Fast Facts BRENDAN GAGE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : The International Atomic Energy Agency , or IAEA , was created in 1957 . Its mission is to push for safe and secure nuclear technologies . Part of the way it does that is by setting standards for nuclear safety and by inspecting nuclear facilities to make sure they 're being used for peaceful purposes only . Dr. Mohamed ElBaradei leads the IAEA , and in 2005 , the agency won the Nobel Peace Prize . Iran 's Inspections AZUZ : Doctor ElBaradei is weighing in on Iran 's controversial nuclear program . He says the country does n't appear to be making nuclear weapons , but it did break the law by not telling the IAEA about its newest nuclear facility before the thing was built . This all comes before today 's scheduled meeting where several countries , including Iran , are discussing the program . Reza Sayah has the latest . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP REZA SAYAH , CNN CORRESPONDENT , ISLAMABAD : Mohamed ElBaradei 's comments about Iran 's controversial nuclear program much more tempered and even-handed than what we 've heard coming out of Washington and Tehran these days . The head of U.N. 's nuclear watchdog coming out and saying two significant things . First off , Mr. ElBaradei saying that indeed Iran did break the law when it did not disclose this uranium enrichment facility earlier . Mr. ElBaradei saying Iran should have disclosed it during the planning stages . But he also added that the IAEA has yet to find any evidence that indeed Iran is going after nuclear bombs . So , he basically gave both sides in this nuclear debate something to work with going into Thursday 's talks in Geneva . Here 's what Mr. ElBaradei had to say in an exclusive interview with our sister station , CNN-IBN . DIRECTOR GENERAL MOHAMED ELBARADEI , INTERNATIONAL ATOMIC ENERGY AGENCY : I do n't think , based on what we see , that Iran has an ongoing nuclear weapons program . Whether they have done some weaponization studies as was claimed by the U.S. and others , this is one of those issues that is still outstanding . But I have n't seen any credible evidence to suggest that Iran is having an ongoing nuclear weapon program today . I hope that they are not having one . SAYAH : That was Mr. ElBaradei , saying he hopes Iran is not going after nuclear bombs . But it is the position of Washington and European leaders that they can no longer afford to hope . They need to be certain because they say Iran 's leaders have lost credibility when it comes to the nuclear issue , and the only way they can be certain is if Iran curbs uranium enrichment and grants access to all its facilities throughout the country , whether they 've been declared or not . Look for that to be a focal point in these landmark negotiations in Geneva on Thursday . Reza Sayah , CNN , Islamabad . END VIDEO CLIP Shoutout MICHELLE WRIGHT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Renker 's geography classes at Cresthill Middle School in Highlands Ranch , Colorado ! Who is the current U.S. secretary of education ? Is it : A  Margaret Spellings , B  Arne Duncan , C  Kathleen Sebelius or D  Rod Paige ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Education Secretary Arne Duncan is responsible for overseeing the government 's education programs and policies . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Longer School Day AZUZ : The Education Department oversees those policies , but most decisions are actually made by state and local officials . That 's why Secretary Duncan is going around the country trying to convince those officials to get behind a plan that President Obama is pushing , which would change how long you guys spend in school . Alina Cho looks at the potential pros and cons . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP STEVE GALLAGHER , PARENT : So , we get an extra day ! ALINA CHO , CNN CORRESPONDENT : It 's 3:00 in the afternoon , and Steve Gallagher has just picked up his 10-year-old daughter Sammy from school , right in the middle of the work day . A longer school day for Sammy , what President Obama wants , means a more convenient day for dad . STEVE GALLAGHER : It kind of works into our personal schedule . For example , I can then have the ability to pick my daughter up after school , as opposed to cutting my work day short . CHO : The idea is gaining steam . Education Secretary Arne Duncan is touring the country with unconventional allies -- the Reverend Al Sharpton and Newt Gingrich -- encouraging local districts and states to embrace the idea of longer school days and a longer school year , saying the current system is outdated , a century old , when kids needed summers off to help on the farm . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Yes . This is the right word . CHO : Duncan says students who thrive are in class longer . ARNE DUNCAN , EDUCATION SECRETARY : Guess what ? They 're in school nine hours a day , they 're in school on the weekends , and they 're in school over the summer , and , you know , this is not a new idea . CHO : American students have one of the shortest school years in the world : 180 days , versus 195 for most European nations and 200 for East Asian countries . And U.S. students spend fewer hours a day in the classroom ; 35 hours a week . Swedish students are in class 60 hours a week . The nation 's largest teacher 's union says more seat time is good , but after school programs at school ? Better . RANDI WEINGARTEN , AMERICAN FEDERATION OF TEACHERS : We have them for mediation , we have them for enrichment , we have them for sports , we have them for art , we have them for music . Those are really good things . SAMMY GALLAGHER , STUDENT : Four times four is 16 . CHO : Steve Gallagher is all for longer school days , but summers off ? CHO : Some might argue longer school day , longer school year , could work to our advantage . STEVE GALLAGHER : I agree with that , but it 's difficult to make that cultural shift within our country on just an edict from the president . CHO : So , what does 10-year-old Sammy think about the president 's proposal ? SAMMY GALLAGHER : Well , longer school days usually means more homework , and for a lot of people homework can be very overwhelming in a way . CHO : Something else that could be overwhelming : the cost . The National Taxpayers Union , a conservative group , says yeah , it all looks good on paper , but there are hidden costs involved , like potentially more money for teachers , higher electricity bills when you keep schools open longer . And who 's going to foot the bill ? Probably taxpayers . Alina Cho , CNN , New York . END VIDEO CLIP Promo AZUZ : One day you definitely wo n't be in school : Thanksgiving ! So , after you 've gobbled up all your turkey , tune in to CNN Heroes ! The special program celebrates ordinary people who are working to make the world better . Voting for hero of the year begins tonight after the top 10 heroes of 2009 are announced . You can find more information and our free educator materials "  In the Spotlight " section at your favorite Web site , CNNStudentNews.com ! Before We Go AZUZ : Finally , how can a car wash get away with not guaranteeing a clean car ? When the washer weighs a couple tons ! It 's all part of a new exhibit at a zoo in Oregon . Sure , he does a good job with the water , but this has to be the world 's worst detailing job . Come on ! The sponge is n't even touching the car ! The beastly buffers are thorough in their jobs . They hose down the entire car ... Goodbye AZUZ : ... From hood to trunk . That was so bad , we should probably just pachyderm it in . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Understand how seismic events , like the Samoan quake , can spawn tsunamis Hear the International Atomic Energy Agency 's stance on Iran 's nuclear program Consider the potential pros and cons of a plan to extend the U.S. school day
CNN  -- Several people were injured in a "  flash fire " at a plant in west-central Tennessee that makes decoy flares for the military , officials said Tuesday . The incident occurred at Kilgore Flares Co. in Hardeman County , about 75 miles northeast of Memphis , said Jeremy Heidt , spokesman for the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency . The plant in Toone , Tennessee , makes materials that are flammable but not explosive , Heidt said . United Kingdom-based Chemring Group , which owns Kilgore Flares , said the fire started at 12:30 p.m. in one of its "  expendable countermeasures assembly facilities . " Three hospitalized employees received burns and one was treated for stress , the company said . But hospitals said they were treating six people . "  Due to the nature of the materials involved , and its proximity to other materials , the emergency services consider it is best to let the fire burn itself out , Chemring said in a statement . "  Once the fire is extinguished , an investigation into the cause of the incident will be undertaken in cooperation with the local authorities . " The Regional Medical Center at Memphis has received three patients , two of them flown in , said executive secretary Jackie Harris . All three were in critical condition with unspecified injuries , she said . Three others were at Bolivar General Hospital in good condition , said spokeswoman Kay Cranford of West Tennessee Healthcare . A receptionist who answered the phone at Kilgore said no local spokesman was available . According to its website , Kilgore Flares makes decoy flares for aircraft and naval forces , many of which are used as countermeasures against heat-seeking missiles . Kilgore Flares is one of the county 's largest employers , Hardeman County Mayor Willie Spencer said . A nearby elementary school was locked down after the early afternoon incident and several hundred Kilgore employees were sent home , Spencer said . CNN 's Aaron Cooper and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	"  Flash fire " at a manufacturing plant in Tennessee Fire burned in one building for several hours At least three employees treated for burns The company makes decoy flares for military use
Tourists staying at a Los Angeles hotel bathed , brushed teeth and drank water from a tank in which a young woman 's body was likely decomposing for more than two weeks , police said . Elisa Lam 's corpse was found in the Cecil Hotel 's rooftop water tank by a maintenance worker who was trying to figure out why the water pressure was low Tuesday . Lam 's parents reported her missing in early February . The last sighting of her was in the hotel on January 31 , Los Angeles Police said . Detectives are now investigating the 21-year-old Canadian 's suspicious death , police Sgt. Rudy Lopez said . It was not clear whether the water presented any health risks to those who consumed it . Results on tests on the water done Wednesday by the Los Angeles Public Health Department were expected later in the day . The hotel management has not responded to CNN requests for comment . Video appears to show four cisterns on the hotel roof . People who stayed at the Cecil since Lam 's disappearance expressed shock about developments . "  The water did have a funny taste , " Sabrina Baugh told CNN on Wednesday . She and her husband used the water for eight days . "  We never thought anything of it , " the British woman said . "  We thought it was just the way it was here . " What she described was not normal . "  The shower was awful , " she said . "  When you turned the tap on , the water was coming black first for two seconds and then it was going back to normal . " The hotel remained open after the discovery , but guests checking in Tuesday were told not to drink it , according to Qui Nguyen , who decided to find a new hotel Wednesday . Nguyen said he learned about the body from a CNN reporter , not the hotel staff . Authorities search for missing police chief Fishing vessel , crew missing off Nova Scotia How women can travel safely	Elisa Lam disappeared from the hotel on January 31 The Canadian 's body was found in a Cecil Hotel water tank Tuesday Police are investigating the death
New York  CNN  -- A former studio assistant to American artist Jasper Johns is accused of stealing and selling pieces of Johns ' art in a multimillion-dollar scheme . James Meyer , 51 of Salisbury , Connecticut , allegedly stole 22 pieces of unfinished art from a studio file drawer he was responsible for maintaining in a Sharon , Connecticut , art studio . He then provided them to a Manhattan art gallery for sale , according to a news release from the U.S. district attorney for the Southern District of New York . Between 2006 and 2012 , Meyer also provided sworn , notarized certifications to the gallery that the pieces were authentic Johns works and said that he had been given each of them as a gift from Johns , according to the news release . The 22 pieces were sold by the Manhattan gallery for $ 6.5 million , of which $ 3.4 million went to Meyer , who was arrested Wednesday and is charged with one count of interstate transportation of stolen property and one count of wire fraud . Meyer was a studio assistant for Johns for more than 25 years and was responsible for maintaining a drawer of unfinished works . These pieces of art were not authorized to be sold by Johns , according to the U.S. attorney 's office . "  As alleged , James Meyer exploited his position of trust to steal repeatedly from his long-time employer . That his employer is a renowned American artist only made the crime more lucrative " George Venizelos , FBI assistant director-in-charge of the New York field office , said Thursday . Interstate transportation of stolen property carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison , while wire fraud carries a maximum sentence of 20 . Johns rose to prominence as an American contemporary artist in the middle of the 20th century . His works can be seen in many museums , including the National Gallery of Art . Among his best-known paintings are "  Flag , " a depiction of the American flag , and "  False Start , " a mix of various colors along with stenciled names of colors . In 2011 Johns was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , which honors the "  especially meritorious contributions to the security or national interests of the United States , to world peace , or to cultural or other significant public or private endeavors . " CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	DA accuses James Meyer of stealing 22 pieces of unfinished art from a studio file drawer The works were sold by a Manhattan gallery for $ 6.5 million , the DA says Meyer was a studio assistant for Johns for more than 25 years
Three students at the University of California Santa Barbara were being treated Thursday for meningococcal disease , a bacterial infection that causes bloodstream infections and meningitis , health officials said . The students -- two males and a female -- became ill between November 11 and November 18 , according to the Santa Barbara County Public Health Department . Two cases are confirmed to be the same strain , said department spokeswoman Susan Klein-Rothschild . The three were in contact "  directly or secondarily , " she said . All the cases were caused by meningococcal bacteria known as type B , the same strain found in seven cases of meningitis , an infection of the lining of the brain , at Princeton University since March . However , no link has been found between the California cases and those at Princeton , the health department said . "  This is not expected , as cases of meningococcal disease can occur sporadically in college settings since this population has an increased risk , " the department said in a statement . Generally , college-aged youth , particularly those in their first year who live in residence halls , are at increased risk of meningococcal disease . Kissing , sharing eating utensils or food , and drinks or cigarettes can increase risk . Public health officials and the university are looking into the cases . Some 300 students who have had close contact with the ill students were being given antibiotics , the statement said . Princeton is preparing to provide a vaccine , unlicensed in the United States , which targets meningitis B , pending final approval from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  Santa Barbara County , UCSB , California Department of Public Health and Centers for Disease Control have already had preliminary discussions about the vaccine , " the statement said . "  Santa Barbara County and UCSB will be monitoring the situation closely and continuing to explore the possibility of vaccination . " There are two forms of meningitis : bacterial and viral . The bacterial form is rare in the United States , and the group B bacterial strains are even more rare . Symptoms can include stiff neck , headache , fever , vomiting , rashes , sensitivity to light and confusion . Untreated , the disease can lead to complications such as hearing impairment , brain damage , limb amputations and death .	Meningococcal disease causes bloodstream infections and meningitis The disease is the same bacteria seen at Princeton University No link has been found between the California cases and those at Princeton
CNN  -- Skype released a new version of the telephony application for iPhone , which adds video-chat features that go beyond what Apple offers . With the Skype app released on Wednesday , owners of the iPhone 4 and the older 3GS model can make video calls over AT&T 's 3G network . Since the 3GS only has a camera on the back , using it for video conversations is less than ideal . Apple 's own FaceTime video-chat feature , which comes with the iPhone 4 and new iPod Touch gadgets , can not make calls over AT&T 's network , only on Wi-Fi . Apple said carriers requested time to upgrade their networks to handle the traffic load of video calling . Mobile FaceTime users can call Mac computers that have Apple 's beta program installed , which is available on Apple 's website . Skype app users can call both Mac and Windows computers that have the Skype software installed . In addition to 3G video and voice calling , the Skype app can also call over a Wi-Fi connection . The iPad and previous iPod Touch model can receive video calls but can not transmit video because they do n't have cameras . CNN tested the iPhone app on Wednesday night , after it appeared on the App Store . Video quality is n't as sharp compared to FaceTime , but like FaceTime , the app recognizes when it 's held in portrait or landscape mode . Speculation about Skype adding video features had begun to spread this week , with some reports suggesting the feature would be the focus of the company 's press conference at the Consumer Electronics Show next week . Skype 's Android app does n't yet support video calling , but other app developers have found workarounds . The Skype servers suffered a lengthy outage a week ago , which the company blamed on buggy software . Skype has been briefing news reporters on the iPhone app announcement , which it is scheduled to make at 2 a.m. ET Thursday .	Skype adds video-chat feature to its Apple iOS app iPhone 4 and 3GS users can call over AT&T 's 3G network Users on the iPad or older iPod Touch can receive video calls
Washington  CNN  -- Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush 's opposition to President Obama 's executive action on deportations puts him in the uncomfortable position of running counter to policy moves taken by both his father and his brother during their presidencies . It 's the latest example of the complications Bush has faced on the immigration issue as he considers a 2016 presidential run . Bush has long drawn criticism from conservatives for his more moderate positions on reform , including his support for a pathway to citizenship for those here illegally . His Friday statement on Obama 's executive action to protect nearly 5 million immigrants from deportation was nuanced , taking aim only at the tactic , not the ultimate effect . "  President Obama 's ill-advised unilateral action on illegal immigration undermines all efforts to forge a permanent solution to this crisis . Action must come in the form of bipartisan comprehensive reform passed through Congress , " Bush said . He later tweeted that the move was "  an abuse of power . " But both Presidents George H.W. Bush and his son used similar unilateral action to protect immigrants from the threat of deportation under similar circumstances . In 2001 President George W. Bush extended protections to as many as 150,000 Salvadorans in the United States illegally . And the elder Bush implemented a "  Family Fairness " policy to allow an estimated 1.5 million close family members of newly legalized immigrants under the sweeping 1986 immigration reform measure to avoid deportation while they applied for legal status . Those moves were used by Democrats to defend the legality of Obama 's executive action . And Julie Myers Wood , a former George W. Bush administration official who wrote a memo arguing for prosecutorial discretion on deportations , admitted that there was some hypocrisy from Republicans in opposition to this move . "  I think there 's a lot of hypocrisy on both sides , " she told CNN , "  but certainly prosecutorial discretion has been a longstanding policy . " She said , however , Obama 's move was unique because of "  the broadness of the scope and the lack of individualized assessments , " and because Obama was expanding access to work permits . Wood echoed Jeb Bush 's concern over the tactic used to solve the problem , saying that while she "  actually liked the result that we 're getting ... it 's an odd way to do it . " But she also acknowledged the President was running out of options to solve the problem . "  What was the President to do ? " Wood asked . She added : "  This needed to be done . It 's a pretty broken system . "	Jeb Bush hammered Obama for unilateral action , but past Bush presidents have done similar George H.W. Bush , son both gave relief to undocumented during their presidencies Former Bush administration official says there 's "  hypocrisy " from both parties on the issue
Uruguayan senators voted overwhelmingly in favor of a same-sex marriage measure Tuesday -- a key step that puts the South American nation on the path to becoming the 12th country to approve such a law . Senators approved the marriage equality bill 23-8 . Next week , lawmakers in the lower house , which approved a different version of the legislation late last year , are expected to vote on the senate 's version . If approved and signed by President Jose Mujica , who has indicated he supports the measure , the proposal would make Uruguay the second country in Latin America to legalize same-sex marriage . Neighboring Argentina legalized such marriages in 2010 . It 's an issue that 's sparked debate and impassioned demonstrations from supporters and opponents in many countries . Legislators in France and the United Kingdom are among lawmakers worldwide weighing proposals to legalize same-sex marriage . In the United States , the question of same-sex marriage went before the Supreme Court last week , and justices are now deliberating over the matter . The first same-sex couples walked down the aisle in the Netherlands in 2001 . Since then , almost a dozen countries have passed laws allowing same-sex marriages and domestic partnerships , including Canada , South Africa , Belgium and Spain . In Argentina , the push to legalize same-sex marriage met with fierce opposition from the Roman Catholic Church , with Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio -- then the archbishop of Buenos Aires and now the pope -- engaging in a notorious war of words with the government over the issue . In Uruguay , the church has taken a similar tack , with officials describing the measure as a harsh blow to the institutions of marriage and the family . "  Why make relative or devalue an institution that is already so injured , like the family , introducing deep modifications that are going to confuse more than clarify ? " the Rev. Pablo Galimberti , bishop of Salto , wrote in a recent post on the website of the Uruguayan Bishops Council . Uruguay 's Broad Front , a coalition of left-wing political parties , backs the measure . On Tuesday , the group 's president stressed that the proposed law change a civil institution and has nothing to do with the church . "  Here we are speaking about RIGHTS , with capital letters . Rights that were denied and repressed for a long time , and which a society that is trying to be modern and inclusive necessarily must recognize , to advance in equality , " wrote Sen. Monica Xavier . "  Rights that are inherent to people , that are not a legislative creation , but something that the law must recognize . " For years , it was rare to see gay rights issues gaining traction in Latin American countries . Not anymore , Javier Corrales , a professor of political science at Amherst College in Massachusetts , told CNN in 2010 . "  Latin America currently has some of the most gay-friendly cities in the developing world , " said Corrales , who ranked cities ' gay-friendliness in a book he co-edited , "  The Politics of Sexuality in Latin America . " In 2009 , Uruguay was the first Latin American country to allow same-sex couples to adopt children . It was also one the first Latin American countries to allow same-sex civil unions . The measure approved by Uruguayan senators Tuesday removes the words "  man " and "  woman " from the country 's civil code and replaces them with the word "  spouse , " CNN affiliate Teledoce reported .	Measure must be voted on by the lower house , signed by Uruguay 's president Catholic Church has fiercely opposed the proposal Left-wing lawmakers say it 's a matter of recognizing inherent human rights If approved , Uruguay will become the second Latin American country to legalize same-sex marriage
CNN  -- "  No poo " sounds like a swimming pool rule , but to some it also means washing hair with baking soda and vinegar instead of shampoo . Tiffany Burke , 31 , says she might try it soon , with a goal of becoming as natural and organic as possible . "  I 'm , like , 60 % there , " she says about her use of organic products . "  I would say I 'm in the middle , because there are still lots of moms who just do n't care . " Burke is pregnant and due in November . But the twins she is carrying are n't her biological or legal children . As a surrogate mother , she 's carrying fetuses formed by her brother 's sperm and her sister-in-law 's egg . CNN 's "  Sanjay Gupta , MD " is profiling the legal and emotional issues surrounding Burke 's surogate pregnancy . Burke 's interest in natural and organic products began when she was expecting her first child and read the best-selling pregnancy book "  What To Expect When You 're Expecting . " Some passages suggest that chemicals and pesticides in our food and cosmetics , although legal , may nonetheless be causing harm . Burke wanted to know more . "  I would just Google and hope for the best . I 'd just keep going and going until I saw enough evidence that to me said , just avoid it . Just do n't put that in your body , " she says . Eight years later , how she chooses what to buy is a far cry from how she was raised , Burke says . When sister-in-law Natalie Lucich had to have her uterus removed because a complication with her last pregnancy led to uncontrolled bleeding , Burke offered to carry her next child . Lucich was overjoyed . Surrogate sisters : The ultimate gift Now , Lucich relies on Burke to make all the right choices for her baby . "  She is organic , and she does know everything that 's going into her body . She reads labels , " says Lucich . "  You never know when you 're hiring some surrogate to do it , what they 're doing to their bodies . " The FDA says common chemicals like BPA , phthalates and pesticides are safe , but research shows they pass from mother to child , and may be neurotoxins in the womb . So Burke is like her own regulatory agency , learning as much as possible about the safety of every product on the shelf . She says she does n't want to take any risks . Artificial food colorings linked to ADHD in children have been banned from Burke 's home . She stores food in glass containers , not plastic . Even though she might experiment with making her own shampoo , she 's passionate about the natural products already on store shelves . Burke brushes with Tom 's of Maine toothpaste , she does laundry with Seventh Generation detergent and she loves "  Organic wear " makeup by Physicians Formula . FDA says it will deny request to ban BPA Ken Cook , president of the Environmental Working Group , says Burke is smart to be proactive . "  We 've come to understand that if you take some reasonable steps you can dramatically reduce your exposure to a lot of different chemicals , " says Cook . "  If you 're going to wait for the government to take action , you could be in store for a lot of exposure . " With the joy of surrogacy comes the burden of responsibility for Burke . If anything goes wrong with her pregnancy , she says she could n't help asking herself , "  What did I do ? " Still , even careful shoppers like Burke get caught off guard . She felt good about buying BPA-free sippy cups for her toddler until she came across an article explaining that manufacturers can replace the BPA in plastic with similar chemicals like Bisphenol-S , and still label their product "  BPA-free " . "  I never knew that . I had no clue . So last week I spent two hours online looking for sippy cups that were not plastic , " says Burke . When asked whether she avoids canned goods because research shows many cans ' interior linings leach BPA into the food inside , Burke says , "  I did n't know that . I 'm super cranky about that . " She immediately sought information online and found the website for Annie 's Homegrown , which makes her favorite soups . She found a statement saying , "  We continue to work diligently with our vendors and supply partners to find a can lining without BPA . We are also exploring other package solutions . " "  Boooo , " Burke says . "  It never crossed my mind . Why would there be BPA in cans ? " To Cook , it 's a familiar story . "  Eating less canned food , which comes as a surprise to a lot of people , is an important first step , " he says . "  People are beginning to understand that the environment is not something that 's just external to us ; it 's not polar bears and wilderness and ice floes in the Arctic or forests . It 's something we metabolize day in and day out . "	Tiffany Burke is carrying twins for her brother and sister-in-law Burke began striving for natural living while pregnant with her first child She 's a careful shopper , but sometimes gets caught off guard
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Shoes tell a lot about a person . If you stumbled into my closet , you would probably think I was a security guard , a construction worker or a Nurse Ratched wannabe . My taste in shoes tends to be boxy , low-heeled and sturdy . If the equipment is n't cleaned properly , you could be at risk for infection when you get a pedicure . So it probably does n't surprise you to learn that when it comes to pedicures , I am hardly a nail salon enabler . Unfortunately , in some sort of twisted cosmic comedy , both my teen and my tween daughters are pedicure addicts . To pedicure addicts , there is nothing better than being seated in those massive padded massage chairs , chin deep in fashion magazines , while some woman bathes , chisels , files and paints their toes . And up until now , the only thing I worried about was how much the extra flower motif on her big toe was going to cost me . Now , I have plenty of other stuff to worry about . Dr. Dina Tsentserensky , a podiatrist in New York , made it clear . "  I definitely see patients that have had problems as a result of getting a pedicure , " she said . "  I guess the most common is fungal nails . " Fungal nails !!! I really do n't want to pay for that . The National Institutes of Health , unfortunately , describes fungal nail in less-than-clear terms : Fungal nail infection is an infection of the nails by a fungus . Prescription treatments are only about 50 percent effective , and most of these infections usually require the loss of the infected nail itself , the NIH Web site says . Cuts , scrapes and some other infections are also common results of seemingly soothing foot romps . Tsentserensky thinks it 's nothing new . "  I think it 's a chronic problem that has been going on for a while , " she said . "  People just maybe chose to ignore it or do n't pay attention as much as they should . " Health for Her : Watch more on pedicure safety " Anyone who did pay attention could have known about some of those risks eight years ago . That 's when the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported finding a nasty infection that hit more than 100 pedicure patients . The culprit : a less-than-sterile footbath screen . The result : an infection called mycobacterium fortuitum . That mouthful of a malady left these customers , most of them women , with prolonged boils on their lower legs and some long-term scars . Although that report prompted nail salons to clean the screens on those foot baths more often , it does n't mean that in the land of pedicure pampering , you can just relax and enjoy the polishing . Tsentserensky 's chief advice is to be on high cleanliness alert . "  I tell patients to make sure that the bathtubs are being cleaned properly , that they are using enough time in between so the disinfectant has time to work , " she said . And the magic timeframe , according to the Environmental Protection Agency , is about 10 minutes between clients . The EPA also stresses that to ensure the safest conditions , the tubs need to be cleaned with an EPA-registered hospital disinfectant , which means the bottle itself will have a EPA registration number listed somewhere on the label . But it 's not just the tubs that need to be clean . So do those instruments . "  Make sure that instruments are getting sterilized properly , " Tsentserensky cautions , "  that they are using a sterilizer or an autoclave to properly sanitize the instruments or using the liquids for the proper periods of time . " Timing is also important , but that 's a condition that 's on your side . Do n't get a pedicure right after you 've shaved your legs , had laser hair removal or have any cuts or bites on your legs . Any opening in the skin is an invitation that you might not want to be extending . And finally , make sure you can communicate with your nail technician to ensure he or she is taking the proper precautions to make your pedicure a stress-free experience and , more important , to ensure that the only thing you 're taking with you when you leave that salon is the pretty polish .	Some people get fungal nails or infections from pedicures Make sure that instruments are getting sterilized properly Tubs need to be cleaned with an EPA-registered hospital disinfectant
CNN  A powerful 7.4-magnitude quake shook the Pacific coast of Central America on Tuesday , causing some damage and killing at least one person in El Salvador . The quake was deep  70.5 kilometers or 43 miles  but close to El Salvador 's shoreline -- about 64 kilometers from the municipality of Intipuca . El Salvador 's Ministry of Weather and Natural Resources initially issued a tsunami warning for the coastal regions , saying the quake was felt throughout the country . It later downgraded it to a tsunami alert . What to know about earthquakes The mayor of San Miguel tweeted some photos that showed light structural damage to the local hospital . Crews responded to at least 12 collapsed homes . Power to the city was knocked out , but has been largely restored . At least one death was reported in San Miguel . A woman was killed when an electrical utility pole fell on her , Mayor Will Salgado said . Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes	The quake was deep but close to El Salvador 's shoreline Crews responded to at least 12 collapsed homes . A woman was killed when an electrical utility pole fell on her
CNN  -- A man was stabbed in the chest and 13 people were arrested after violence marred an English League Cup tie between Premier League side West Ham and east London neighbors Millwall . Millwall fans taunt West Ham supporters during their English League Cup tie . The 44-year-old man was stabbed in Priory Road , a few yards from West Ham 's stadium as fans clashed with police before and after the match ; police say he is now in a stable condition . During the match , which West Ham won 3-1 , fans fought with police and stewards inside the stadium and play was temporarily suspended when numerous supporters invaded the pitch . Metropolitan Police chief superintendent Steve Wisbey , who was in charge of policing the match , confirmed his force were investigating the events and would seek to punish those responsible for the trouble . Commenting on the tie which has a tradition for trouble among rival fans Wisbey added : "  Police worked closely with West Ham Football Club , British Transport Police and the local authority to minimize disorder . "  Officers responded swiftly whilst missiles were being thrown as they tried to separate fans outside the ground after the match . "  Incidents of this nature at a match are thankfully rare , but it would appear that a small number of supporters were intent on causing a confrontation . "  A team of dedicated police officers will be reviewing all the events that took place and will be looking at CCTV both inside and outside the ground to identify evidence of offenses and offenders . "  We will proactively seek to obtain football-banning orders for those responsible so they will not be permitted in stadiums throughout the country or abroad . " The Football Association  FA  , who are currently promoting England 's bid to stage the 2018 or 2022 World Cup , have denounced the violence . "  We absolutely condemn all of the disorder that has occurred at Upton Park , both inside and outside of the ground , " an FA spokesman said . "  We will very quickly be working with all parties , including the police and clubs to establish the facts surrounding the events . We expect all culprits to be banned from football for life - they have no place in our game . " And West Ham confirmed they are assisting with investigations and would not hesitate to issue lifetime bans to those deemed to have been intent on causing trouble . A statement on the club 's Web site said : "  West Ham United will fully investigate the deplorable scenes that took place during the cup tie with Millwall on Tuesday evening . "  The club will not tolerate the unacceptable behavior witnessed inside the Boleyn Ground and will take the strongest possible action against anyone found responsible , including life bans . "  As was the case before , during and after the match , we are cooperating fully with the relevant agencies , including the police . " The incident caps an troubled period for West Ham off the pitch following the stabbing of defender Calum Davenport and the death of the father of midfielder Jack Collison in a motorbike accident in recent weeks .	Violence marred the English League Cup tie between West Ham and Millwall A 44-year-old man was stabbed in the chest and police made 13 arrests Metropolitan Police are now identifying evidence of offences and offenders West Ham , Millwall and the Football Association denounce troublemakers
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Chevron Corp. . CEO David O'Reilly says Big Oil is not to blame for skyrocketing gas prices . Chevron Corp. . CEO David O'Reilly says world demand for crude oil has been growing , which is affecting gas prices . In an interview Tuesday with Wolf Blitzer on CNN 's "  The Situation Room , " O'Reilly said high demand and a short supply of crude oil were key factors causing gas prices to spike . Despite reports of record profits among major oil companies , O'Reilly downplayed a recent poll in which Americans said corporate avarice played a role . O'Reilly also discussed President Bush 's and GOP presumptive presidential nominee Sen. John McCain 's proposal to lift the ban on new offshore drilling as well as presumptive Democratic nominee Sen. Barack Obama 's call for taxing companies ' windfall profits . The following is an edited version of the show 's transcript : Blitzer : You know you have -- you and ExxonMobil , the Big Oil companies -- have a huge public relations problem . In all the recent polls , when the American public is asked , who do you blame for these huge gas prices at the pump , they -- more than any other single source -- they blame Big Oil . They blame you . What 's going on ? Watch Blitzer grill O'Reilly " O'Reilly : Well , I do n't think they blame us as much as you think . It looks to me like there 's a lot of blame to go around . Blitzer : There 's other blame , but more than any other single source , they blame Big Oil . O'Reilly : It depends on the poll you look at . Blitzer : The recent Gallup Poll . O'Reilly : Let me point out what we 're trying to do about this because I think the issue here is one of supply . And prices are high today , but it 's fundamentally a concern about oil supplies -- 75 percent of the price of gasoline is related to crude oil . We 're very dependent on crude oil imports . The total world demand for crude oil has been growing steadily over the last decade . And that is affecting everybody 's price . So it is a concern , but we need to work on the supply side , as well as the demand side , to bring change . Blitzer : Because you have had record profits , right ? O'Reilly : We 're investing those record profits . Blitzer : But billions and billions of dollars in profits , more than ever before . O'Reilly : Yes , but it 's a big business . And on a return-on-sales business , we 're right in there with the average of American business today . What we 're doing is investing that money . For example , last year , we did make a lot of money , $ 18.7 billion . This year , our capital investment in new supplies is $ 22.9 billion , almost $ 23 billion . Blitzer : You know that Barack Obama says if he 's president , he wants a windfall profits tax . He wants to take a chunk of your profits right now and give it back to the American people . John McCain opposes that , as you know . So I assume you would like to see John McCain elected president ? Watch McCain explain his stance " O'Reilly : Well , I would like to see no windfall profit tax . And I will tell you why . First of all , we are already heavily taxed as an industry . Our tax rates last year were at 45 percent , compared with in the 30s for the average of all industry . Secondly , as I mentioned earlier , we 're investing the money . If you take the money away , it will reduce investment , reduce supply and have exactly the opposite effect of helping the problem that you have referred to . And , thirdly , we have done it before . We have had windfall profit taxes . Congress has studied them about 30 years ago . And what happened under those circumstances is supplies dropped domestically , and we became even more dependent on imported oil . You do n't want to do that today . Blitzer : Here 's how Sen. Obama put it . Listen to this . Obama  in a video clip  : Sen. McCain wants to give billions of dollars in tax breaks to Big Oil and opposes a windfall profits tax on oil companies like Exxon to help families struggling with high energy costs . I think that is exactly why we need to change Washington . Blitzer : So , I guess , given the stark difference when it comes to Big Oil between Obama and McCain -- let me rephrase the question -- do you want McCain to be elected ? O'Reilly : I want someone to be elected who will help resolve our energy crisis . And I do n't know enough about Sen. Obama 's position or Sen. McCain 's position to pass judgment on either one of them . What I do know , though , is that if we want to solve this problem of high energy prices , we 're going to have to work not only in the demand side , as Congress has done with -LSB- Corporate Average Fuel Economy -RSB- standards and alternatives , but we 're going to have to work on the supply as well . Blitzer : Do you want offshore drilling to be approved on both coasts and in the Gulf , which Sen. McCain now says is a good idea ? O'Reilly : I do think that 's a good idea . Today , our shores , except for the gulf off Texas and Mississippi and so forth , are off-limits today . So , look , Europeans who are very environmentally conscious -- the British , the Norwegians , the Danes , the Dutch -- they can allow sensible offshore production from their oceans . Why ca n't we ? See where drilling is allowed , banned " Since we have -- over the last 20 years , domestic production has steadily declined -- and we have been more and more dependent on imports . We definitely need to do something about it . We do n't know yet how much oil is under there , but we should at least be given the opportunity to look . Blitzer : We invited our viewers to ask you a question , and some of the I-Reports came in . iReport.com : See what iReporters are saying about gas prices Unidentified male  in a video clip  : If you would had told me a year ago that gas prices were going to reach about $ 4 a gallon , I would n't have doubted you . And if you had told me the year before that that they would reach $ 3 a gallon , I still would n't have doubted you . So what should Americans expect in terms of pricing of gas in the future ? Blitzer : What do you think ? O'Reilly : Very good question . I mean , $ 4 gasoline is a reality today because ... Blitzer : In some parts of the country , it 's approaching $ 5 . O'Reilly : Well , 75 percent of that is the price of crude oil . And that is the crude oil that we have been talking about here that 's driving the current crude oil -- energy market . Blitzer : So , how high is it going to go ? O'Reilly : Well , if crude oil prices come down , I think those prices could moderate . But it 's a big if . Crude oil prices have to come down . We need to send a very strong signal to the market that we 're serious about increasing supplies in this country . Blitzer : Do you think manipulators , stock manipulators , are paying -- are doing things to cause this spiral ? O'Reilly : I do n't know enough about the financial markets . We 're a physical player . But I think most of the price that we see today is because of concern about physical long-term supply . Blitzer : Just because of the huge demand in India and China , also ? O'Reilly : Huge demand around the globe , including here in the United States . Blitzer : Here 's another question . Unidentified male  in a video clip  : Have we reached peak oil supply ? And , if not , when do you expect that we will ? And , once we do , when do you expect that the prices of gas will go down to a reasonable level ? O'Reilly : You know , peak oil is a big question today , and it 's a very good question . One of the issues that we face has been addressed -- around people -- has been addressed to the National Petroleum Council study , which was issued last year by the secretary of energy . It is a very important study . What it really says is , there 's enough oil and gas in the ground , but the access is what 's impeding production . So , we could have a squeeze in the years ahead if we do n't get after increasing our supplies , not only here in the U.S. , but creating a global environment which permits access around the globe and free trade around the globe as far as oil is concerned .	Chevron CEO says his company is investing windfall profits in supplies David O'Reilly says he is opposed to windfall profits tax , favors offshore drilling "  I want someone to be elected who will help resolve our energy crisis , " O'Reilly says Citing report , O'Reilly says plenty of oil is in ground but access is the problem
Hoof by hoof , Harold Kelly 's family of horses crest the hill , kicking up dust , treading over stones and packed dirt . It 's another 70-degree day in central California . In the dead of winter , there 's not a cloud in sight . And there 's no rain in the forecast . Fifty horses trot on Kelly 's 300-acre spread outside of Fresno , part of a vast valley that 's a farming and ranching hub to the nation . "  Every horse out here I 've raised , but for the exception of two , " Kelly declares . His herd sips from a water trough , an oasis that 's suddenly taken on greater meaning . The surrounding hills show brown soil where there should be lush , green pasture . That 's because a historic disaster is unfolding : California is facing perhaps its worst drought since record-keeping began a century ago , California Gov. Jerry Brown proclaimed this month . At the center of this ongoing catastrophe are farmers and ranchers like Kelly , pushed to their financial limits . "  Normally , it 'd be raining and we 'd have grass growing , " Kelly remarks . "  The grass is basically all gone . " There 's nothing on the ground for Kelly 's animals to eat . Winter is California 's wet season , but it has n't rained on Kelly 's ranch in unincorporated Tivy Valley , near Sanger , since December 7 , 2013 . Even on that day , just a few drops fell -- exactly 0.15 inches -- according to Paul Jones , cooperative program manager at the National Weather Service . In fact , the area 's rainfall for 2013 was 3.01 inches , compared with an average year of 11.5 inches . Kelly is now teetering on the brink of monetary collapse -- like many other ranchers and farmers in California 's Central Valley , a breadbasket to the country as it stretches most of the state 's length roughly from Sacramento to Bakersfield . "  I borrowed money -- I hate to even say that -- but I recently borrowed money to buy hay , " the proud rancher says . With hay prices on the rise because of the drought , Kelly spends $ 800 to 1,000 a week on feed . That 's money that he does n't have . "  I do n't really have much of a choice . That 's the way I look at it . " Even so , his horses have cantered to better days . "  Some of them have dropped off a little bit in weight , " Kelly says , taking a look at a mare whose ribs are beginning to show . "  They would be fat if there was rain . " Kelly has now decided that he must sell some of his horses . "  I hate to get rid of them ... but it 's time , " he says . What 's causing this strange weather pattern ? Financial toll The exact financial impact of the historic drought in California -- as well as a moderate to extreme drought throughout the American West -- has yet to be calculated by state and federal officials or farming and ranching associations . But the financial blow could be in the billions of dollars , especially if the 2012 national drought is any indication . That disaster cost the country $ 30 billion , according to the National Climatic Data Center . In the Central Valley 's agriculture sector alone , the potential impact could exceed $ 1 billion in 2014 unless relief is provided , according to the Westlands Water District . Already , about 200,000 of 600,000 acres of prime farmland in Fresno and Kings Counties wo n't be planted this year because of the drought , the district said . That fallow land amounts to about 312 square miles . Some federal relief is uncertain because Congress has n't been able to pass a farm bill since last year . Federal officials are seeking a bill that would provide retroactive disaster assistance to livestock producers who 've been forced to thin their herds "  to the lowest level in decades " because of the long-term drought , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture . Congress has been divided on a proposed bill 's food stamp and dairy pricing programs , said Justin Oldfield , a vice president with the California Cattlement 's Association . The governor 's drought emergency , which included the entire state , wo n't help ranchers much because the measure allows water agencies to move water from northern to southern California , unless those cattlemen are located in a benefiting water district , Oldfield said . "  This is by far the worst drought that we 've had , and in terms of ranchers , it 's the worst drought since the '70s and some say it 's worst than that , " Oldfield said . "  If they have to sell cows , it will be extremely devastating for them . But they will work through it and come back . The people do n't quit . " Federal officials also fear ranchers going bust overnight . "  That 's why we keep pushing daily for Congress to get something done , " said U.S. Department of Agriculture spokeswoman Courtney Rowe . Weirdly warm , dry winters spur bears to stop hibernating , start eating Horses as family Central California 's fields and tree crops -- which provide half of the nation 's fruits , nuts and vegetables -- are deteriorating . The state holds 80,500 farms and ranches , which together generate more than $ 100 billion in economic activity , according to the California Department of Food and Agriculture The bad turn in nature has forced Kelly to find other ways to keep his horses alive on his ranch about 200 miles north of Los Angeles . Every day , he fills his truck with hay purchased through a retailer , and drives into the dry pasture to feed his herd . He gives a loud whistle , and they come running . "  There are a whole lot of people like me . Some of them are hurting worse than I am , " he said . To this life-long horse trainer and rancher , horses are n't just a business -- it 's lifestyle and family . "  Hey , little girl , " he says to a chestnut mare who approaches his side . "  It 's pretty hard . Sometimes you do n't have any choice . You do n't have to be too smart to figure out this is what I need to do . "  It 's on the verge of very desperate " In Wednesday 's State of the State address , Brown underlined the need to cut back on water resources . He 's already called for a voluntary 20 % conservation effort statewide . "  Right now , it is imperative that we do everything possible to mitigate the effects of the drought . We need everyone in every part of the state to conserve water . We need regulators to rebalance water rules and enable voluntary transfers of water , and we must prepare for forest fires , " Brown said . "  Among all our uncertainties , weather is one of the most basic . We ca n't control it . We can only live with it , and now we have to live with a very serious drought of uncertain duration , " he said . Those who make their living off the land and its animals are desperate for relief from the parched conditions . Anthony Caglia runs Sidelver Wings Horse Rescue , dedicated to the rehabilitation and placement of orphaned horses . As Kelly 's neighbor and fellow horseman , he 's promised to do what he can to help -- even as he struggles in the face of the drought . His 60-acre equine ranch is at capacity with thoroughbreds , quarter horses and appaloosas up for adoption . Since the dry spell hit , calls for help have increased significantly . "  Usually , we get a phone call two to four times a month , " he said . "  We 're getting them two to three times a week now . We 're at capacity , there 's a waiting list . " Like Kelly , Caglia now purchases hay for the rescue horses and relies on donations to keep his organization running . "  I 've been in this area all my life , and I 've never seen it this bad . It was just upon us so fast . Hopefully we can get some rain , get some pasture back in and get some people back to work . It 's on the verge of very desperate , " he said . "  The farmers do n't have anyone working . Nobody has money . " Caglia said . He says many people are considering sending their horses to slaughter . "  It 's money for them , they ca n't get money otherwise . We like to let the horses live their lives out here . The founding of the ranch was to pay back the horse . The horse is what brought us here today . It took us across the United States , it brought our food in , it plowed our fields , it got us to town and back . It 's a payback to the horse . " "  In a month from now , I wo n't have many left . " Across the road in Tivy Valley , Kelly has six to eight horses leaving for new homes in the coming weeks . They 'll be separated and sent in trailers to different parts of the state . Equestrian Marcee Hansen will be one of the new owners : she 's taking a 3-month-old colt off Kelly 's hands to raise in her own . But not everyone shares Hansen 's intention of raising a horse , Kelly says . Potential buyers have offered money per pound for each horse , a telltale sign of a plan to send the horse to slaughter . "  I 'd rather borrow money and feed the horses than see them go to slaughter ... I 'm not going to let them starve , whatever it takes , " Kelly said . He expects he 'll adopt-out every single one of his horses , but plays with the idea of keeping just one or two around for company . "  I 've gotten close to them . They become a little bit like kids , " he says . "  They become like a person , like a friend you 're saying good bye to . "	Rancher Harold Kelly loves his horses , but he 's going broke feeding them in the drought He now must sell off horses and is wary of buyers who want to re-sell them for slaughter One region alone in California could face $ 1 billion is drought losses "  Now we have to live with a very serious drought of uncertain duration , " governor says
CNN  -- Somewhere in a Department of Homeland Security warehouse , thousands of doses of antiviral medications are about to expire . Another warehouse stores thousands of expired respirators . This is the equipment and medicine that was supposed to help protect government personnel in the event of a deadly pandemic . A federal investigation has found that the DHS is totally "  ill-prepared " for something like the 2009 H1N1 influenza pandemic -- or something worse , such as a global Ebola outbreak or the 1918 flu pandemic that killed an estimated 21.5 million people , according to a report released by the Office of the Inspector General on Monday . In 2006 , Congress gave DHS $ 47 million to prepare for such a national medical crisis . And the department did go shopping ; it spent millions on this equipment that might now be completely worthless , missing or unnecessary . For example , the audit found more than 4,000 bottles of expired hand sanitizer in storage with the DHS . Many of those bottles have been expired for up to four years . Some 81 % of the antiviral drugs the DHS has will expire by the end of next year . And 100 % of the Tamiflu is set to expire in 2015 . Some 46 % of the Relenza DHS has will expire then as well . It was unclear to investigators whether the antiviral medication had been stored at a proper temperature . The department 's entire respirator stockpile has reached , or will soon reach , the manufacturer 's date of usability . And the report suggests the department failed to determine real-life needs before buying the equipment in the first place . The DHS Capital Region pandemic stockpile has about 350,000 white coverall suits , according to the report . Investigators say there is "  no justification or related documentation " available to support that number of suits , nor does any kind of documentation explain why they were necessary . The same is true for surgical masks . There are 16 million in the department 's inventory ; no reason was given for having that many . Overall , DHS failed to keep good records about what it purchased and what it received , according to the report . That may be why the government had to report a secondary stockpile containing 25,000 surgical masks and hand sanitizer as "  lost . " The report concluded "  it is imperative that DHS be prepared to continue mission-essential operations should a pandemic occur , " and yet it found that DHS did n't develop a clear plan on how to replenish their stockpiles of equipment . Nor did they have a good way to keep a good control over their inventory to monitor expiration dates on material . "  DHS is responsible for ensuring it is adequately prepared to continue critical operations in the event of a pandemic , " Inspector General John Roth said in a news release . DHS agreed with all 11 suggestions the Inspector General 's Office made to improve the program . The department will assign an office to oversee the supplies and develop an adequate strategy for making sure the material stays current . It has applied for a shelf life extension with the Food and Drug Administration to extend the expiration dates on the antiviral medicine it has that will expire in 2015 . "  We will work with them to see that this vital program is strengthened , " Roth said . Virus hitting Midwest could be ` tip of iceberg '	Federal investigation finds the DHS stockpile of medicine is about to expire Some of the stockpiled safety material is also missing DHS and the inspector general will work together to improve inventory measures
CNN  -- A vigil for a teen who died in police custody turned violent in Durham , North Carolina , with riot police using tear gas and batons to disperse the crowd . At least six people were arrested at the Thursday night march to protest the death of 17-year-old Jesus Huerta , according to police . "  I could not be more proud of the restraint and professionalism demonstrated by our officers , " Durham Police Chief Jose Lopez said in a statement to the media , adding that injuries to those marching were minimized because of his officers ' actions . "  There was a march . The peaceful intent did not exist . We used the best practices in law enforcement , " he said at a news conference Friday . Huerta 's sister , Evelin Huerta , said a federal investigation is needed . "  The actions of the Durham Police Department , led by Chief Lopez , last night were a tried-and-true tactic to intimidate and spread fear in our community , " she said . "  We call on Chief Lopez to resign immediately in light of his leadership that put dozens of armed police on the streets to scare residents and turned a memorial vigil into a war zone last night . We will not be intimidated by Chief Lopez and the Durham Police Department 's tactics . " Protesters threw bottles and rocks at police officers and vandalized police property , Lopez said , defending his officers ' reaction to the vigil . The Durham Police Department says Huerta died on November 19 from a self-inflicted gunshot while handcuffed in the back of a police cruiser . The teen was being taken to the police station by Officer Samuel Duncan about 3 a.m. for a second-degree trespassing violation . The chief said at the news conference that gunshot residue tests were conducted on Huerta and the arresting officer , and the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation "  found that Huerta was wearing gloves and that his gloves had a saturation of gunshot residue on it . Officer Duncan 's revealed that he had no gunshot residue on his hands , " Lopez said . The gun used was not a police firearm , Lopez has said in the past , but state authorities are still investigating where the weapon came from , according to local media . Duncan is on paid administrative leave pending the investigation 's conclusion , local media reported . Huerta 's family , along with local activists , allege police foul play in the death of Huerta , who was affectionately called "  Chuy " by his loved ones . Huerta 's family has submitted a formal petition to local authorities for archives into the investigation , according to local media . "  People can see that we actually support him and that we need justice for Durham because it 's not fair that this is happening , like the police is not giving us answers , " Evelin Huerta told CNN affiliate WTVD . A separate vigil held last month by the family also turned violent and ended in arrests . The family has said it plans to hold a protest on the 19th of every month . "  Personally , I do n't believe one word of what the Durham Police Department has stated , " local activist Lamont Lilly wrote in an article published shortly after Huerta 's death . "  It seems to me , and many others throughout the city , Durham police officers are simply covering their tracks with a concocted story that makes no physical or logical sense whatsoever . " Between 150 and 200 Huerta supporters marched Thursday from Durham City Hall to the parking lot of police headquarters . Some carried banners that read , "  Fue Matado Por La Policia " or "  Murdered By Police . " Others in attendance alleged police brutality and the use of excessive force by officers at the vigil . "  They did n't really look like batons or night sticks , but they were thinner and longer and they were reaching over the banner , whacking people with them , " protester David Kaplan told CNN affiliate WTVD . "  They were clearly upset with the fact that people were out expressing themselves and upset at the fact that it appears they murdered a 17-year-old child . " At least one demonstrator suffered minor injuries , and no officers were injured , the police chief said . In a prepared statement , police said , "  Permits are required for such events , but police officials extended compassion to the family by allowing the event . Police officers made several efforts to contact event organizers to ensure a peaceful event , but event organizers refused to speak with the police . The march became violent after participants left police headquarters and returned to downtown . " Images from the scene showed smoke billowing as riot police launched tear gas at the crowd . Some demonstrators wore masks to cover their faces . "  WTH Durham police ? #racerelations , " Monique Vasquez said in a tweet about the clashes . She told CNN her office was near Thursday night 's incident . Responding to Spanish-language reporters at the news conference , Lopez said that as a Hispanic , he had trouble believing the allegations among the Hispanic community that Durham police unfairly target Latinos . The North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation has looked into three deaths in five months involving Durham police officers , and two of those killed were Latinos , according to CNN affiliate WRAL . A similar case in July stoked skepticism in Jonesboro , Arkansas , when Chavis Carter , 21 , died from a close-range gunshot while handcuffed in the back of a police car .	NEW : Jesus Huerta 's sister says a federal investigation is needed Police chief says he is proud of his officers ' restraint , professionalism at vigil Huerta , 17 , died of a gunshot wound while handcuffed in a police cruiser Gunpowder detected on Huerta 's gloves but not on officer 's hands , police say
CNN  -- The global oil market is on tenterhooks as a result of the violent Sunni insurgency sweeping down from northern Iraq and threatening Baghdad . Iraq has the world 's fourth-largest oil reserves and the uncertainty has pushed the price of the global benchmark , North Sea Brent , up 10 % in the last two weeks to as high as $ 115 a barrel . Oil has hit a nine-month high and is close to what many would consider an economic danger zone . Another $ 10 spike could undermine growth from the U.S. to China by pushing up the cost of transportation and production . But the real acid test for the market is unfolding now , as the ISIS militants enter Saddam Hussein 's former territorial stronghold around the Baiji refinery . And markets are pricing in a potential supply risk -- including the possibility of a divided Iraq . Baiji is a sprawling complex with a refining capacity of 290 thousand barrels a day , according to the former head of energy studies at OPEC Saadallah Al Fathi . The battle for Baiji , with conflicting reports of who is in control , is indicative of what is wrong in Iraq . There is no cohesive national strategy that brings together Sunnis , Shiites and Kurds . The national petroleum law has been parked within Iraq 's parliament for five years . The bill would finally establish a revenue sharing agreement for national production from the Shiite south to the Kurdish north , and eventually the under-explored south-western corner of the country . The government of Prime Minister Nouri al Maliki , as U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in his bi-lateral meeting Monday , has been unable to unite Iraqis . One could argue the country 's oil bounty has been a blockade in efforts to find a resolution . Iraq has been a growing force in the markets . The executive director of the International Energy Agency Maria van der Hoeven recently described it as a country with the last of the "  easy oil . " It is not difficult to find or to produce and it is plentiful , but last week she noted its "  expansion looks increasingly at risk , " in the IEA 's Medium Term Oil Market Report . The country sits on an estimated 143 billion barrels of proven reserves . Daily output hit a 35-year high of 3.6 million barrels day this year , placing Iraq right behind Saudi Arabia , within OPEC . Last year , Iraq 's Deputy Prime Minister for Energy Hussain Al-Shahristani told me of aspirations to hit 12 million barrels a day in the next decade , which would put it head-to-head with Gulf heavyweight Saudi Arabia . The IEA is suggesting about half of that level would be an ambitious target . But the market is far more cautious , and is pricing in a severe interruption to those production plans . There is , indeed , a "  new reality " on the ground , as Masoud Barzani , president of the Kurdish Regional Government , told U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry Tuesday . Not knowing how the ISIS insurgency will play out , or who will control refining capacity , could favor Shiite-controlled facilities around Basra in the south and Kurdish-controlled production blocks in the north . A "  who 's who " of big oil names -- Exxon Mobil , Shell , BP , Total , Lukoil of Russia and China National Petroleum -- operate out of both areas . Further upset will send significant ripples through the world markets . Executives I have spoken to say they have not yet suffered security breaches , but that they have set up private forces to protect oil assets . The executives speak of evacuation plans that are in place , but at this stage do not believe they will be needed . But , as Barzani has said , Iraq is in a new reality .	The global oil market is on tenterhooks as the ISIS insurgency sweeps Iraq Oil prices are rising as markets take in risk -- and the chances of a split Iraq The country has huge oil reserves which have so far escaped major upset But the insurgency has now reached Baiji , a key oil refinery
CNN  -- Barack Obama may be a risk averse president focused more on the middle class as his legacy than on the Middle East . But ISIS ' advances against Irbil  where there are U.S. troops and diplomats  and its brutality against the Yazidis and Christians gave him no choice but to become more risk ready . But we should be under no illusion that targeted airstrikes against ISIS and humanitarian assistance to besieged minorities means a transformation in the President 's views about Iraq , a slippery slope to military intervention , or the beginning of a new save the Middle East campaign . Obama is likely to remain a very cautious , risk-averse president . And here 's why . The ` extricator-in-chief ' Barack Obama 's own political legitimacy is intertwined with a commitment to withdraw U.S. forces from Afghanistan and Iraq , the two longest and among the most profitless wars in American history . This is both a campaign promise and one about which the President feels very strongly . He knows he ca n't fix Iraq and if there is a red line in his world view that wo n't turn pink , it is his opposition to redeploying American forces back into Iraq at any significant level . He is in this regard the extricator-in-chief determined to get the United States out of old wars and not into new ones . That , combined with Obama 's wariness about using military force in an open-ended conflict without clear purpose and his aversion to appearing to take the Shia side , particularly one identified with Nuri al-Maliki , a prime minister who has lost the confidence of the vast majority of the Iraqi public , should serve as a brake against an expansive mission creep . The Libya precedent The President 's risk aversion will be strengthened by the way things turned out in Libya . There , in 2010 , in an effort to prevent Moammar Gadhafi 's forces from killing thousands of civilians in Benghazi , the United States and France mobilized a coalition backed by the United Nations , the Arab League and NATO . Despite action by all these formidable forces , it took an eight-month effort by NATO to facilitate the opposition 's efforts to overthrow the Libyan dictator . More important , today Libya is a mess riven by tribal and regional rivalries . And to boot , for the first time since 1988 , a U.S. ambassador was killed in a terrorist attack in Benghazi . Obama knows that there are clear limits to what he can do in Iraq and that even a much more ambitious commitment will not produce results . On the contrary , it will lead to a trap in which the United States is likely to become ensnared . If you could n't fix Iraq in a decade of effort , $ 25 billion to support the Iraqi military and a trillion dollars or more to prop up the Iraqi government , you 're not going to fix it now . 800 + days and counting Governing is about choosing , particularly as a President watches the sands run through the hourglass in a second term . It may well be that Obama 's clock has run out with respect to new domestic initiatives . The really tough issues -- dealing with a grand bargain on tax increases and entitlement reform and climate change -- are probably beyond his capacity to realize . Even immigration reform will likely be a bridge too far . He may well find himself suffering significant losses in the House and perhaps even the loss of the Senate in the November 2014 midterms . Obama could well complete his second term with his major accomplishments being realized in his first . That said , he has no intention of having his remaining less than 1,000 days be consumed with an Iraq war he ca n't win or with a legacy that will be compared to his predecessor George W. Bush , who took America into Iraq in 2003 . Those prospects will virtually ensure a determined effort to keep the Iraq venture limited . If possible , he will share with other nations the humanitarian dimension so the United States does n't have to bear the sole responsibility . One thing is clear . While Barack Obama acted quickly this time around to protect Americans and alleviate the suffering of threatened minority groups , he has no intention of becoming the Lone Ranger of Iraq . Not even George W. Bush was prepared to do that . ISIS : A threat to the United States ? Last year , there were 17,891 global fatalities due to terrorism . Of that number , 16 were Americans . Terrorism from ISIS or anyone else is not right now a strategic threat to the continental United States . It is to our allies , however , particularly in Jordan . And it could become a threat to us , too . With millions of dollars , stolen passports and foreign fighters , ISIS could if it chose make a bid not just to strike at the so-called near enemy  Jordan , Iraq , Saudi Arabia  but at the far enemy , too  the United States  . ISIS has its hands full at the moment . Striking ISIS could well provide it with an added incentive to strike back at U.S. targets in the region and over time at America . ISIS ' bold threat today that its flag will one day fly over the White House is sheer delusion . But it means that this vicious group could direct its attention at the United States . Indeed , an attack against the United States or its assets in the region would clearly be the one trigger that could impel the President to do now what he clearly wants to avoid : launch a major military campaign to strike at ISIS in Iraq and Syria . What 's the endgame ? The biggest challenge for the President is that limited strikes against ISIS targets may protect Americans , buck up the Kurds , and perhaps defuse the current threat to the Yazidi minority on the mountaintop . But they can not put Iraq back together again , save all persecuted minorities from ISIS brutality or help create a new political contract among Iraqi Kurds , Muslims and Shia . Iraq is likely to continue to bleed and we ca n't stop that . The President was right to act and may well be called on to do so again . Indeed , we ca n't rule out the possibility that he would send in more special forces . He can try to enlist other nations , work with America 's regional allies , and push for internal reconciliation among Iraqi politicians . But he 's also right to be cautious and realistic about what he can really accomplish . We can not save Iraq from itself or from its neighbors , particularly Iran , whose vision for Iraq is much different than ours . This was a bridge too far when George W. Bush tried to cross it in 2003 . And it remains one to this day .	President Obama orders U.S. military strikes in Iraq , humanitarian assistance Aaron Miller : Despite the moves , Obama will not take a more aggressive stance He says President sees his legacy as one of ending foreign wars , not renewing them Miller : Obama saw how Bush 's efforts in Iraq proved counterproductive
CNN  -- The death toll from a cholera outbreak in Haiti has risen to more than 330 , and officials believe Hurricane Tomas may worsen the situation as it approaches , a U.N. spokeswoman said Saturday . The number of confirmed cholera cases has climbed to 4,764 , with 337 deaths , said Imogen Wall , spokeswoman for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in Haiti , citing information provided by the Haitian government . Those numbers represent the people that were able to make it to the hospital , she said . Another 200 cases are suspected in the nation 's West Department , or province , she said . What is cholera ? Tracking maps show Hurricane Tomas nearing Haiti on Thursday as a Category 3 hurricane . U.N. peacekeepers said Thursday that preliminary tests on a suspected source of the cholera outbreak were negative . The U.N. mission in Haiti is testing waste and sewage water at the back of a Nepalese military base that is part of the U.N. operations . The first tests showed no signs of cholera , officials said earlier this week . The mission said it "  has taken very seriously the allegations that sewage water coming from latrines at the back of the Nepalese military base in Mirebalais could be the source of the cholera outbreak in Haiti . " Cholera cases up worldwide Suspicions about the Nepalese base arose from reports that water was collecting at the back of the base . It was believed to be overflow from the latrine or a septic tank . U.N. engineers examined the base and concluded that the standing water was not from the latrine of septic tank , but from a soak pit that receives water from the kitchen and the shower area , the U.N mission said . "  This soak pit is located three meters from the latrines , hence misleading passers-by into believing that the soaked ground close to latrines is caused by the overspill of human waste , " it said . All human waste from the camp is collected in seven septic tanks that are emptied out and discharged in a local landfill as authorized by the local government , the United Nations said . The agency also noted that all 710 Nepalese soldiers underwent medical tests , and tested negative for cholera , before deployment to Haiti earlier this month .	The death toll from a cholera outbreak is 337 Another 200 cases are suspected Tomas is expected to near Haiti on Thursday
CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie blasted Democrat Mary Burke on Monday , saying the Wisconsin gubernatorial hopeful ca n't be trusted after her campaign hired a political consultant who appeared to plagiarize parts of her job plan from other candidates . "  I do n't think they were teaching plagiarism at Harvard Business School . I do n't think they were teaching you to cut and paste other peoples ' work and call it your own , " Christie said at an event for Republican Gov. Scott Walker in Hudson , Wisconsin . Burke , a former Trek Bicycle executive who has a business degree from Harvard , fired consultant Eric Schnurer earlier this month after BuzzFeed reported that portions of her jobs plan were apparently plagiarized from former candidates in other states . Chris Christie builds profile as he eyes 2016 presidential run "  If you ca n't trust her honesty and her integrity when she tells you that this is her plan , why would you trust her honesty and integrity on anything else she tells you about what she 'll do for Wisconsin or about Scott 's record ? " Christie said . "  You should n't trust any of it . " Burke 's campaign did not return a request for comment from CNN . Her team added citations to parts of her jobs plan and fired Schnurer . According to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel , Burke said last week that her jobs plan did not violate her principles . "  When you put together economic development plans , this is about bringing in the best ideas , " she said . "  And this is not anything more than bringing good ideas to Wisconsin , to the plans on how I 'm going to move Wisconsin forward . And in describing some of these ideas , similar language was used by the consultant that was used in those ideas that he incorporated in other candidates ' plans . " Walker is in a tight race with his Democratic challenger . A recent poll showed Walker with a slim three-point advantage over Burke . Christie 's appearance for Walker , a fellow potential contender for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination , came the same day as first lady Michelle Obama campaigned for Burke in Milwaukee . "  She is in this for the right reasons , " the first lady said at a rally for Burke . "  She cares about people . She does n't care about politics . "	Chris Christie stumps for fellow Gov. Scott Walker in Wisconsin Christie dings Walker 's opponent , Mary Burke , over a plagiarism scandal Polls show Walker and Burke are in a close race for governor First Lady Michelle Obama campaigns for Burke
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Variations of two deadly superbugs that had previously only been discovered in the United States have surfaced in South America . Variations of two U.S. strains of killer bacteria have cropped up in South America , researchers say . The drug-resistant microorganisms are sweeping across communities in Colombia and have the potential to unleash devastating results , according to researchers at The University of Texas Medical School at Houston . "  The people of Colombia are not aware this is coming . It is killing people here and it is going to kill a lot of people there if we do n't act quickly , " Dr. Cesar Arias , one of the lead researchers of the study , told CNN . The study , which was carried out with the Universidad El Bosque in Bogota , was published in the New England Journal of Medicine on Thursday . The bugs that have emerged in Colombia are genetically related to two strains of bacteria -- MRSA and VREF -- that have spread across the United States . MRSA , or methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus , was once spread mainly in hospitals . In recent years , a number of people not in contact with hospitals have presented with the disease , which is a leading cause of severe skin infections in the United States . VREF , which stands for vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium , mainly arises in hospitals and infects people in critical care units . Both so-called superbugs can cause lethal infections and are resistant to antibiotics . There were no known cases of this type of MRSA in Colombia before 2005 , and no cases of VREF before 2001 , the study said . But a total of 15 MRSA infections have been reported in Colombia in recent years and some 50 cases of VREF have been identified since it was first documented in the country . The MRSA strain has also been found in Ecuador and Venezuela . For some reason , the bacteria in South America are acting in a similar way as their genetic forebears in the United States , Arias , who is an assistant professor of infectious diseases at the UT Medical School at Houston , said . They are becoming more resistant and spreading the same way , Arias explained . "  The dramatic thing is the first 15 patients who had this disease presented out of hospital , and 20 percent of these patients died , " he said . Researchers are tracking the cases to see how the organisms got to South America . The focus now , Arias said , is to establish the link between the two regions and to figure out how to control their spread .	Superbugs that can cause lethal infections are hitting South America The germs are genetically related to two strains of bacteria found in the U.S. Researchers are tracking cases to understand how the organisms got there
Calling all iReporters : Have you ever wanted to write for CNN.com ? Well here 's your chance to get a CNN.com byline and improve your journalism skills along the way . Over the next seven weeks , you will be building a story from start to finish and working with some of the best journalists in the business along the way . Each week , CNN experts will take you through the basic steps of storytelling -- from picking your story to shooting and editing photos and videos and wrapping the package with a killer headline . At the end of each week , 10 iReporters will get one-on-one feedback from specially selected CNN experts in each area , and everyone will get a chance to ask the experts questions at the weekly roundtables . When boot camp is over , you will have a completed story with all the bells and whistles . And the best stories have a chance of being published on CNN.com . How does it work ? Starting Friday , August 12 , we 'll launch a new topic every Friday . We will publish tips from CNN experts on that topic and open up that week 's iReport assignment , which will cover each step of the storytelling process . You will have until the following Monday at noon ET to submit your iReport . Once submitted , CNN experts , along with the iReport team and the iReport community , will evaluate your iReport for that week . Every Wednesday , a select group of iReporters  Core iReports as we 'll call them  will submit their top picks for that week , which you can find linked on the boot camp launch page . On Thursday , the CNN expert for that week with give feedback on a handful of the submissions , answer any questions you might have and share additional thoughts and suggestions through a roundtable discussion , which you 'll find on the iReport boot camp page . How can I participate ? Anyone can participate . Just take note of when each topic launches , which will be every Friday for the next seven weeks . Then submit the appropriate assignment by its deadline and tune in every Wednesday and Thursday for feedback from the community and CNN experts . Those who participate every week will have a better chance of getting their story featured on CNN.com . What are the topics ? And what 's the schedule ? Even though the assignments wo n't open until the tips post is published , you will still be able to check it out , so plan ahead . Make sure to keep checking the boot camp launch page for continued updates on the assignments and topics . Week 1 : Pick your story : Launches August 13 , roundtable August 18 . Week 2 : Find your sources : Launches August 19 , roundtable , August 25 . Week 3 : Interviewing : Launches August 26 , roundtable September 1 . Week 4 : Capturing images : Launches September 2 , roundtable September 8 . Week 5 : Photo and video post-production : Launches September 9 , roundtable September 15 . Week 6 : Editing : Launches September 16 , roundtable September 22 . Week 7 : Headlines and story building : Launches September 23 , roundtable September 29 . We 'll announce specific times for the Thursday roundtable discussions as we get closer to the actual dates . Remember to tune in every Wednesday for feedback from our Core iReporters . And on September 30 , we will announce the iReporters who got their story published on CNN.com . Who are the experts ? From CNN.com 's Senior Supervising Producer Manuel Perez to CNN Director of Photography Mark Hill , we have tapped some of the best in the business to help you become a better journalist . And some of those familiar TV personalities will be sharing their secrets as well . So in the meantime , check out all the assignments and start thinking about what story you want to cover .	Boot camp gives iReporters a chance to freshen up on their storytelling skills Starting August 12 for seven weeks , CNN experts will review the basics of storytelling There 's a chance to get one-on-one feedback from CNN experts in each area
CNN  -- Los Angeles Galaxy reached Major League Soccer 's  MLS  championship match on Sunday after a 3-1 defeat of Real Salt Lake in the Western Conference final . The Galaxy , two-time MLS Cup winners , reached the deciding game for a record seventh time thanks to goals from captain Landon Donovan , American Mike Magee and Ireland striker Robbie Keane in front of their home fans at the Home Depot Center . Manager Bruce Arena 's Galaxy will face Houston Dynamo in the post-season 's final match , after Dynamo beat Sporting Kansas City in the Eastern Conference final . The final , which will take place at the Home Depot Center , could be midfielder David Beckham 's last match for Los Angeles , with the former England captain 's contract expiring at the end of the season . But Beckham , 36 , is focused only on the upcoming match with Dynamo , after playing in the MLS Cup 2009 when the Galaxy were beaten by Real Salt Lake in a penalty shoot-out . "  We 're happy to be winning the Western final , but we know that there is one more game to go so we 're not getting carried away , " the former Real Madrid and Manchester United star told the league 's official website . "  We did that a couple of years ago and we paid for it . We did n't win the MLS Cup final , so hopefully this will be something that we 're happy to win -LSB- on Sunday -RSB- , but we know that we 've got one more game . " Galaxy went ahead on 23 minutes when Donovan , 29 , converted a penalty after Andy Williams ' push on Omar Gonzalez . Dynamo responded almost immediately , striker Alvaro Saborio scoring with a close-range header to equalize after 25 minutes . Beckham , capped 115 times by England , helped Galaxy regain the lead on 58 minutes , his pin-point cross headed home by Magee . Former Tottenham and Liverpool forward Keane secured the win for Galaxy with 22 minutes remaining , wriggling free of his marker before firing a low shot beyond Salt Lake goalkeeper Nick Rimandi . Dynamo needed second half goals from defender Andre Hainault and forward Carlos Costly to see off the challenge of Sporting Kansas City in front of a record crowd at Livestrong Sporting Park . The 16th MLS Cup final will complete the 2011 season and will be played on Sunday November 20 .	Los Angeles Galaxy have reached the 2011 MLS Cup Galaxy reached the championship game after a 3-1 win over Real Salt Lake Bruce Arena 's team will face Houston Dynamo in the November 20 match
CNN  They 're a relatively small group of parents in a big country . But their decision not to vaccinate their children can have a profound impact on public health . Opponents of vaccines against diseases like measles are simply on the "  wrong side , " CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta says . Just how many people are we talking about , and what do we know about them as a group ? Here 's a look at some key numbers . According to the CDC , in the United States :  95 % of children in kindergarten have had vaccines for preventable diseases , including two doses of the measles , mumps , and rubella  MMR  vaccine . But that figure is not spread evenly across the country .  82 % of children in Colorado have had the two-dose MMR vaccine that doctors say is necessary . In Mississippi , virtually all children in kindergarten  99.7 %  are vaccinated .  26 states have not reported meeting a government target of 95 % coverage for MMR . The differences stem from varying laws over when exemptions are allowed . The National Conference of State Legislatures reports :  48 states and the District of Columbia allow religious exemptions from vaccines  20 states allow philosophical exemptions . Even within states that have high exemption rates , "  vaccination exemptions have been shown to cluster geographically , so vaccine-preventable disease outbreaks can still occur where unvaccinated persons cluster in schools and communities , " the CDC says . Because of health complications , some children should not be vaccinated , doctors say . These children are also one of the biggest reasons vaccination is so important . Those unvaccinated can carry the disease and infect vulnerable children . Families with medical exemptions make up a small portion of those who do n't vaccinate . The CDC reports :  In California , there were about 1,000 medical exemptions in the 2013-2014 school year , and more than 17,000 philosophical exemptions .  Florida had less than 800 medical exemptions and about 4,000 religious exemptions . Florida does not allow philosophical exemptions .  Mississippi and West Virginia do not allow religious or philosophical exemptions , and they reported only about 50 medical exemptions combined . See a full state-by-state breakdown here . Why do some parents opt out ? They 're more likely to have vaccine safety concerns and to "  perceive fewer benefits associated with vaccines , " a study found -- despite the scientific evidence and debunking of a study that suggested vaccines could trigger autism . Most of these parents do believe vaccines are necessary to protect the health of their children . But many also believe their children could suffer from the vaccines themselves . The study was published by Public Health Reports , the official journal of the U.S. Public Health Service , in 2011 . It found that among parents who delay and refuse vaccines :  70 % say they believe the vaccines are necessary to protect the health of their children  compared with 96 % of parents who vaccinate  63 % say they fear their children could have serious side effects  compared with 31 % of parents who vaccinate  .  57 % say they have concerns about autism .  78 % say they believe children get too many shots .  There 's also more mistrust of the medical community among those who do n't vaccinate . While 95 % of parents who vaccinate said medical professionals in charge of vaccinations have their children 's best interest at heart , 77 % of parents who delayed and refused vaccines agreed . The Public Health Reports study also found that families of unvaccinated kids are more likely to be :  Wealthier on average , with annual incomes more than four times the poverty level  Non-Hispanic white  Married couples in English-speaking households  Educated , with college degrees , and  Covered by private health insurance . In the medical community , conversations are underway about how to reach out to these parents . "  There 's not much we can do about the small core of people who oppose vaccines based on ideology , " Ford Vox , a brain injury doctor in Atlanta , wrote in a CNN column . " ... But we have a better shot with the larger and more rational border zone of the vaccine hesitant who may base their concerns on genuine cases of vaccine harm , such as the very small but accepted link between influenza vaccination and a temporary paralysis called Guillain-Barr Syndrome . " Cultivating "  a strong patient-doctor relationship is the most successful method of reversing vaccine opposition , " he wrote . That means carving out a system in which "  your doctor is granted the time to truly understand you , while at the same time allowing your doctor to treat you appropriately . ... If we 've done our job right , you 'll seek out the insights we 've earned from treating many challenging cases over many years . And we 'll know we 've succeeded in our new relationship when you let us vaccinate your children . " What is your message to those who do n't vaccinate ?	26 states have not reached a federal target for vaccination Mississippi has the highest level of vaccination ; Colorado has the lowest Many parents of unvaccinated children are concerned about side effects , autism and children having too many shots
A celebrity boxing promoter is hoping to capitalize on the alleged nightclub brawl between singer Chris Brown and rapper Drake by offering them $ 1 million each to take their beef to the ring . The promoter , Damon Feldman , also says he is asking singer Rihanna to be a ring girl at the bout , but acknowledged she 'll likely pass . Feldman says he has the financial backing of businessman Alki David and that he 'll donate $ 1 million to a charity that helps abused women if the fight takes place . The fight , he said , would feature three minute-long rounds with the participants donning oversized gloves and protective head gear . Feldman is no stranger to publicity . He has put on fights featuring ex-baseball outfielder Jose Canseco , Lindsay Lohan 's dad Michael and Rodney King . Feldman says he has not received a response from either Drake or Brown . And while Drake tweeted about his dry cleaning , and Brown about a helpful stewardess , neither made mention of the offer on their Twitter pages . Meanwhile , police continue their investigation into the bottle-throwing melee allegedly between Drake and Brown and their entourages that took place at the New York City club W.i.P on June 14 . Drake brings Club Paradise to Jones Beach Brown was partying with friends in the VIP section of the South Village club , while the Drake and his friends were nearby , according to statements from reps for both artists . Brown has said he was a victim in the incident , and Drake 's representatives have said he "  did not engage in any activity which resulted in injury . " The squabble left Brown with a nasty gash on his chin and fueled Internet rumors that it started because of an argument about Rihanna , the sizzling songstress that both men have dated . A source close to Brown has since told CNN that the confrontation was not about Rihanna . San Antonio Spurs guard Tony Parker was also injured in the scuffle . Parker is suing the nightclub for $ 20 million over an eye injury he claims he suffered that night . Source : Rihanna argument did not spur Chris Brown fight The suit alleges that the owners and operators of the nightclub were "  negligent in permitting Drake 's entourage and Brown 's entourage to be in the club at the same time despite known tension between the two " and contends the owners failed to provide "  sufficient and efficient security . " Feldman said he wants the boxing match to be in either Las Vegas or Los Angeles . Despite the fact that Brown is on probation until 2014 for pleading guilty to assaulting Rihanna on the eve of the 2009 Grammy Awards , Feldman said he has asked Rihanna to be in the ring carrying a sign that displays the number of the upcoming round . "  I 'm 99.9 % sure she 'll say no . But I can guarantee you , if the fight happens , she will be watching , " Feldman said . Some have already speculated on who would win a rematch . Rapper 50 Cent told a California radio station he thinks Brown 's prowess in dancing would help him beat Drake . "  I would take Chris , " 50 told KMEL last week . "  I guess it 's cause of all the physical things I see him doing with dancing and moving . He be slipping and moving . I do n't see Drake doing that . Chris be having his shirt off . He got one of them MMA fighter looks . Like he might have did karate when he was a kid . He 's kicking , doing splits and stuff . This could really get interesting . " Rihanna on Chris Brown : I 'm going to do what I want	The promoter also says he asked singer Rihanna to be a ring girl at the bout The alleged brawl between Brown and Drake is being investigated by police Basketball star Tony Parker was also hurt in the fight at a New York club 50 Cent says he thinks Chris Brown would win
CNN  -- Top seed and defending champion Serena Williams charged into her sixth Wimbledon final where she will play Russian Vera Zvonareva on Saturday . Williams ended the dreams of unseeded Czech Petra Kvitova with a 7-6 6-2 victory in their semifinal on Centre Court on Friday . Earlier , Zvonareva came from a set down to beat another unseeded player , Bulgarian Tsvetana Pironkova , 3-6 6-3 6-2 . Williams was extended by Kvitova in a near hour-long first set , which saw both exchange breaks before going into a tiebreak . The world number one raced into a 4-0 lead before Kvitova fought back and it needed a strong service winner from Williams to close it out 7-5 . Williams broke the left-hander in the fifth game of the second set and extended her advantage in the penultimate game . But that was not before Kvitova had won the rally of the match , a 19-stroke thriller , to save a break point . But Williams eventually took the game to go up a double break and served out for the match . Only Zvonareva stands between her and a fourth Wimbledon title to add to her victory in the Australian Open earlier this year . But the tournament favorite is still wary of the challenge of her talented opponent . "  I 've had some unbelievable matches against her , she 's really tough , " she told BBC Sport . The 25-year-old Zvonareva reached her first grand slam final after seeing off Pirinkova , who beat Venus Williams in the quarterfinals . "  I have n't quite realized what I 've done yet , " Zvonareva told AFP . "  It is very exciting . It 's one of my dreams to be in the final . " The turning point of their match came in the sixth game of the second set as Zvonareva made the breakthrough on Pirinkova 's service and went on to level at a set all . A break in the very first game of the decider put Zvonoreva on top and she broke again as Pirinkova missed a forehand . But she will need to be at her best in Saturday 's showpiece as Williams bids for her 13th grand slam singles title .	Serena Williams to take on Vera Zvonareva in women 's singles final at Wimbledon Top seed Williams beats unseeded Czech Petra Kvitova 7-6 6-2 21st seed Zvonareva of Russia saw off Bulgarian outside Tsvetana Pironkova in three sets
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain is prepared to send more troops to Afghanistan , the head of the British Army said in an interview published Friday . Britain currently has 8,300 troops in Afghanistan . Richard Dannatt , the chief of the general staff , did not say how many troops he would be prepared to deploy . Britain currently has 8,300 troops in Afghanistan . Dannatt told The Times newspaper that elements of the 12th Mechanized Brigade had been "  earmarked for Afghanistan . " He said there are no plans to send the whole brigade of 4,000 troops . "  If we 're asked for more and we say we can , it 's not going to be 4,000 -- it 's going to be something in between " that and the current troop level , Dannatt told the Times . The Ministry of Defense confirmed his remark . British defense sources told The Times that a rise of 1,700 to 2,000 was "  the uppermost ceiling . " U.S. President Barack Obama is expected to announce a new strategy for Afghanistan on Friday that includes sending another 4,000 troops to the country with hundreds of civilian specialists , senior administration officials told CNN . The troops -- which are in addition to the 17,000 that the president announced earlier would be sent to Afghanistan -- will be charged with training and building the Afghan Army and police force . The plans include doubling the Army 's ranks to 135,000 and the police force to 80,000 by 2011 , the officials said . Military officials told CNN earlier that the Afghan government had requested the additional troops .	Britain is ready to increase troop numbers in Afghanistan , army chief says Richard Dannatt told the Times up to 2,000 more could be sent Army waiting for formal request by U.S. government , he says
CNN  -- It 's an early Christmas for Madonna fans . The singer did n't plan on releasing her new album "  Rebel Heart " anytime soon , but that all changed after unfinished versions of her newest songs found their way on the Internet . Early mixes from the Queen of Pop 's 13th album had been leaked , and longtime manager Guy Oseary asked the public to help find those responsible . Madonna fired back by officially releasing six new tracks Saturday morning , which are now up for sale on iTunes . In a tweet , the singer wrote , "  Happy early X-Mas ! " and linked to where people go could to purchase her new songs . The tracks available immediately for download include "  Living for Love , " an upbeat anthem , "  Devil Pray , " a haunting composition , "  Ghosttown , " an emotional mantra , "  Illuminati , " an electronic orchestra of melodies , as well as two other songs . Madonna took to Instagram this past week , thanking fans for not listening to the tracks floating around online . "  Thank you for not listening ! Thank you for your loyalty ! Thank you for waiting and if you have heard please know they are unfinished demos stolen long ago and not ready to be presented to the world , " she wrote in her post . Earlier this month , the singer posted a photo of her smashed iPod on Instagram after discovering the leak of her track "  Rebel Heart . " In her post she wrote , "  This broken ipod is a symbol of my broken heart ! That my music has been stolen and leaked ! I have been violated as a human and an artist ! " Leaks have tormented Madonna in the past . In 2003 , the singer 's website was defaced and every song off her "  American Life " album was leaked online . Rolling Stone reported that Madonna had wanted her newest single , "  Living for Love , " to be released on Valentine 's Day , with the rest of the album coming out in spring .	Demos from Madonna 's newest album were leaked online Madonna responded by officially releasing six songs on iTunes The singer has been plagued by leaks in the past
CNN  -- Health officials in Glasgow , Scotland , have confirmed a case of Ebola . "  The patient is a health care worker who was helping to combat the disease in West Africa " and returned from Sierra Leone late Sunday night , the Scottish health agency NHS Scotland said . The patient flew via Casablanca , Morocco , and London Heathrow Airport , arriving at Glasgow Airport on a British Airways flight around 11:30 p.m. , the statement said . "  The patient was admitted to hospital early in the morning after feeling unwell and was placed into isolation at 7.50 a.m. All possible contacts with the patient are now being investigated and anyone deemed to be at risk will be contacted and closely monitored . However , having been diagnosed in the very early stages of the illness , the risk to others is considered extremely low . " Nicola Sturgeon , Scotland 's head of government , led a meeting of the Scottish Government Resilience Committee "  to ensure all necessary steps are being taken , " and she spoke with British Prime Minister David Cameron , NHS Scotland said . Following established protocol , the patient "  will be transferred to the high-level isolation unit in the Royal Free hospital , London , as soon as possible . This is where the facilities , staff and systems are in place to ensure the best quality and safest care . " Access to the unit is restricted to specially trained medical staff . A specially designed tent , with controlled ventilation , will be set up over the patient 's bed . "  Scotland has been preparing for this possibility from the beginning of the outbreak in West Africa and I am confident that we are well prepared , " Sturgeon said in the statement . "  We have the robust procedures in place to identify cases rapidly . Our health service also has the expertise and facilities to ensure that confirmed Ebola cases such as this are contained and isolated effectively minimizing any potential spread of the disease . " She added , "  Scotland 's NHS has proved it is well able to cope with infectious diseases in the past , such as swine flu , and I am confident we will be able to respond effectively again . " The patient was working with Save the Children at an Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone , according to Michael von Bertele , humanitarian director at that organization . "  Our thoughts are with the individual , their family and colleagues at this difficult time . We wish them a speedy recovery , " he said in a statement .	NEW : The patient was working with Save the Children in Sierra Leone The patient flew via Casablanca and Heathrow into Glasgow ; risk to others called "  extremely low " The health care worker will be moved to a London hospital
CNN  -- Ah gay Paris , the City of Lights , the fashion capital of the world  just ignore what New York hipsters have to say on the subject  . CNN sent former model and entrepreneur Charlotte Collard , musician and presenter Myleene Klass and our very own Natasha Maguder - a crack team of fashionistas if ever there was one - to forage behind the scenes at this year 's PFW ... .	CNN went behind the scenes at Paris Fashion Week And we basically went mad on Instagram . This is the result .
CNN  -- At least 12 airplanes shared the trans-Atlantic sky with doomed Air France Flight 447 , but none reported any problems , deepening the mystery surrounding the cause of the plane 's disappearance . Image released by the Brazilian Air Force shows oil slicks in the water near a debris site . Airlines confirmed that at least a dozen aircraft departed roughly at the same time and traversed approximately the same route , but did not report problematic weather conditions . This has led some aviation experts to suggest that technical problems on the airplane might be the main cause of the crash , though they may have combined with weather conditions to create serious problems . The new information raises more questions than answers about Air France 447 , believed to have plunged into the Atlantic Ocean somewhere between the coasts of Brazil and West Africa on May 31 , presumably killing all 228 aboard . The plane 's computer system reported a series of technical problems about four hours after takeoff and immediately after entering a large storm system a few hundred miles from the far eastern coast of Brazil . Severe winds , updrafts and even lightning have been mentioned as possible causes of the crash , potentially triggering a failure of the plane 's technical systems . But aviation experts cautioned that weather alone would not normally cause a crash . Planes routinely fly through large storms , using the sensitive radar on board to navigate through specific storm cells . When conditions are severe enough , planes can easily deviate around or above storms , experts say . In addition to Flight 447 , Air France had four other Paris-bound flights that left in the same broad time frame from that part of the world , according to an airline spokesman . One flight left Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , at 4:20 p.m. . At that same moment , another Air France flight left nearby Sao Paulo . A third Air France flight left Buenos Aires , Argentina , at 5:50 p.m. , also heading for Paris . A final Air France flight left Sao Paulo at 7:10 p.m. , almost exactly when the doomed flight took off from Rio . All of these flights took a similar route toward Paris , heading first toward Recife on the east coast of Brazil and then continuing northeast over the Atlantic . None of the other flights experienced anything unusual , the spokesman said . All arrived in Paris the next day , with no significant delays of any kind . That same evening two Air Iberia flights bound for Madrid , Spain , left Brazil at about the same time as Flight 447 ; one departed from Rio de Janeiro and another from Sao Paulo , according to officials at Iberia . Those flights also reported no problems . It was the same story for one British Airways flight and three Air TAM Brazil flights , all of which flew routes similar to the missing plane . Although none of the other flights are known to have reported weather problems en route , aviation experts said weather can change suddenly and vary over short distances , so one plane might experience conditions far worse than another .	At least 12 flights traveled from Brazil to Europe around same time as 447 None of the other flights reported bad weather or other problems Aviation experts say weather alone would not normally cause a crash They also say weather can change quickly and vary over short distances
Pocantico Hills , New York  CNN  -- Oil-tainted seas , oxygen-deprived zones , overfishing , mercury poisoning ... these days , the search for safe and ethical seafood is enough to unnerve any pescetarian . For chefs , it does n't just mean crossing another fish off our menus . The question has become how do we keep fish on the food chain ? I found one answer last year , at a fish farm called Veta la Palma . Veta la Palma is in southwestern Spain , at the tip of the Guadalquivir River . Until the 1980s , the land was in the hands of the Argentineans . They once raised cattle in what were essentially wetlands , and they did it by draining the land . They built a series of canals and siphoned the water off the land and into the river . But they could n't make it work . Economically and ecologically , it was a disaster . In draining the land , they killed 90 percent of the bird population . And so in 1982 , a company with an environmental conscience purchased the land . What did they do ? They reversed the direction of water flow in the canals ; they literally flipped the switch . Instead of using the channels to pump water out , they pulled water in , flooding the canals and creating a 27,000-acre fish farm of sea bass , mullet , eels , shrimp and sole . In doing so , the company reversed the process of ecological destruction The farm is incredible , with hundreds of miles of flooded canals and thick marshland , teeming with life . I stood there not so long ago with Miguel Medialdea , Veta la Palma 's head biologist . According to Medialdea , it 's such a rich environment that the fish eat what they 'd be eating in the wild . Because the system is so healthy , it 's totally self-renewing . But Veta la Palma is not just a fish farm ; it 's also a bird sanctuary . Today there are 600,000 birds on the farm from 250 species . It 's become one of the most important private estates for bird life in Europe . You might think a thriving bird population is the last thing you 'd want on a fish farm  Veta la Palma loses 20 percent of fish eggs and baby fish to the birds  , but for Medialdea , it 's a point of pride and a testament to the company 's success . "  We farm extensively , not intensively , " he told me . "  It 's an ecological network . So the healthier the birds , the better the system . " But the truest measure of their success is much simpler : flavor . Veta la Palma 's fish was the most delicious I 'd ever tasted , starting with the skin . I do n't like fish skin -- not seared or crispy . I almost never cook with it . Yet when I tasted it at Veta la Palma , it tasted not at all like fish skin . It tasted sweet and clean , like taking a bite of the ocean . I mentioned it to Medialdea , and he nodded . "  The skin acts like a sponge , " he explained . "  It 's the last defense before entering the body , and it evolved to soak up impurities . But there are almost no impurities in our water . " And that 's an understatement . The water flows into the canals from the Guadalquivir River , carrying all the things rivers tend to carry these days -- chemical contaminants and pesticide runoff -- and when it flows back out , it 's cleaner than when it started . The system is so healthy it purifies the water . The purification is not just for the fish , but for us as well . That river water eventually dumps into the Atlantic . Sure , it 's a drop in the bucket , but I 'll take it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dan Barber .	With compromised , overfished seas , Dan Barber puzzled over how to keep fish on food chain He says he visited fish farm in Spain that restored water flow , fish populations to wetlands The farm is ecologically balanced , with abundant fish and 250 bird species , he says Barber : The farm 's system is healthy again -- and the fish it produces are delicious
Gorkha , Nepal  CNN  The ride from Kathmandu to near the epicenter of Nepal 's devastating earthquake is not for those who get easily carsick . Steep slopes and small winding roads through deep river valleys greet us as we make our way to a town where Nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured , in much less than ideal circumstances . The view along the six-hour journey from the capital is deceptive . Although I see numerous landslides , I am surprised that the villages we are driving through are relatively unaffected . During the entire journey , I notice only about 10 collapsed or seriously damaged houses . One of the biggest challenges rescue workers are facing in Nepal is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas . One of them is Gorkha , a district northwest of Kathmandu . The town we were visiting looks intact . Some houses have cracks , and I see a few collapsed brick walls . Most of the shops and businesses are open . But our first stop at the district hospital brings us into the full reality of the human catastrophe . The hospital campus is overflowing with patients . The facility is simply not big enough to handle such calamity . The injured are not from the town of Gorkha , which lies near the top of one of the numerous mountain ranges . They are from northern part of the district , where some 200,000 people live . To accommodate all the casualties , the hospital built a tarpaulin shelter over the parking lot . At a time of our arrival , there are about 20 patients lying on mattresses on a dusty concrete floor . The youngest is 10 , the oldest in his 70s . Most of them have visible wounds : deep cuts , bruised faces , broken arms and legs or spinal injuries . All of their faces with empty looks are still expressing the terror they went through and the pain they are suffering . Mita Gurung , 10 , sustained injuries to her face and leg when her house in the village of Sinjung partially collapsed . Her mother was injured in the tremor . Mita is gently tended by volunteer child counselor Tara May Bishakarma . "  I just found what she likes and keep repeating it . Her injuries are fairly superficial , but she is traumatized . It will take some time , but she will recover , " Bishakarma says . Children usually get excited when being filmed . Mita seems almost unaware of my camera . Little food , less optimism in Kathmandu tent city The situation in the hospital 's emergency room is similar . Every bed is taken . All the injured are taken care of by attentive doctors and nurses . Some have family members with them . Despite the gravity of the situation , the atmosphere here is calm . Gorkha 's hospital is ill-equipped to treat more serious injuries and serves mostly as a transit point . Here , the injured get necessary first aid and as soon as possible are transferred to bigger hospitals in other districts or in Kathmandu . There are not enough ambulances , and most of the injured must travel on old buses . People unable to walk are transported on makeshift wooden stretchers . I can not even imagine traveling on the road we just came in with a broken leg or a spinal injury . The caws of crows above Gorkha are frequently interrupted by sounds of helicopters . We leave the hospital and go to check the landing zones . One is a sports field , and the second a flat meadow on the ridge . Many of the damaged villages are not accessible by roads . To fly to most remote places from Gorkha takes about 30 minutes , five days on foot . The helicopters operated by Nepalese military bring tents , tarps , blankets , food and baby supplies to most damaged areas . They bring back the injured . One helicopter brings two stranded Danish tourists from Chumchet , a village in the Tsum Valley . They are in a group of 11 trekkers from Slovakia , Poland and the Czech Republic who remain in the valley . Most of the helicopters are small and can only pick up two to three passengers . We head back to the hospital , where we meet Olivier Hagon . He is the head of a mission of the Swiss Humanitarian Aid Unit , a Swiss government agency . The agency 's "  Mother and Child " team helps the needy during disasters around the world . "  For us , it 's most important to focus on the most vulnerable ones : mothers and children . Women in labor who do not have a bed , women in need of a cesarean  section  without access to surgery facilities , " says Hagon . The rest of the 10-member unit arrives from Kathmandu in the evening . The team includes a pediatrician , a pediatric surgeon , an orthopedic surgeon , a midwife , an anesthesiologist and a gynecologist . Within two hours , they set up two modern fully functioning operating theaters at the hospital . The group 's philosophy is "  to support , not to invade . " They work very closely with staff of Gorkha 's hospital . The Swiss Humanitarian Aid Unit is followed by 26 members of the International Search and Rescue Germany . They bring seven search dogs . Leader Thomas Laackmann explains : "  Right now we focus on finding survivors . The chances are diminishing every hour . Members of our team are trained medics . We will also assist with treating the injured . " All aid workers sleep in tents on hospital premises . On Thursday , we wake up to a drizzly morning . Heavy fog blankets surrounding slopes and mountains . All helicopter flights are suspended . People in remote areas desperately awaiting help wo n't get any today . But here in Gorkha , humanitarian teams are at full speed . Swiss doctors along with their Nepalese colleagues perform surgeries . The German team heads off in a bus to villages reachable by road . We wish our hosts in Gorkha the best of luck and leave for Kathmandu mid-afternoon . I had come to see how serious the situation is and how local and state authorities are coping . I am too overwhelmed and too exhausted to draw any conclusions . But I learned a lot about resilience of the Nepalese and about good people from around the world committed to help them . Much help will be needed .	A trip to the town of Gorkha shows the human toll of the earthquake International teams are assisting Nepalese medical staff , officials
London  CNN  -- Authorities arrested eight people Saturday -- including five journalists of Britain 's bestselling Sun newspaper -- as part of an inquiry into alleged illegal payments to police and officials . The other three are a police officer , an employee of the Ministry of Defence and a member of the armed forces , the Metropolitan Police said . A search was carried out at News International 's offices in east London , the police said , as well as the homes of those arrested . News International , which owns the Sun , is a U.K. subsidiary of media mogul Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. . Following the arrests , Murdoch , chairman and CEO of News Corp , issued a personal assurance to one of his executives to continue to own and publish The Sun newspaper , according to an internal staff memo sent by News International Chief Executive Tom Mockridge . Mockridge also said he was "  very saddened " by the arrests of deputy editor Geoff Webster , picture editor John Edwards , chief reporter John Kay , chief foreign correspondent Nick Parker , and John Sturgis , who is a news editor . The five journalists were arrested at their homes , police said . "  I understand the pressure many of you are under and have the greatest admiration for everyone 's continued professionalism , " Mockridge wrote . "  The Sun has a proud history of delivering ground-breaking journalism . You should know that I have had a personal assurance today from Rupert Murdoch about his total commitment to continue to own and publish The Sun newspaper . "  Today we are facing our greatest challenge , " Mockridge said . The Sun 's editor , Dominic Mohan , said in a statement : "  I 'm as shocked as anyone by today 's arrests but am determined to lead The Sun through these difficult times . "  I have a brilliant staff and we have a duty to serve our readers and will continue to do that . Our focus is on putting out Monday 's newspaper . " Mohan has said the paper has a readership of more than 7.7 million . The arrests are part of Operation Elveden , an investigation running in parallel with a police inquiry into alleged phone hacking by the media , the police statement said . Late Saturday , all eight people were released after posting bail , police said . News Corp. 's Management and Standards Committee said it had provided the information to the Elveden investigation which led to Saturday 's operation . Elveden has been widened out to include alleged corruption involving public officials , as well as the police . The five journalists , with ages between 45 and 68 , were arrested at their residences in London , Kent and Essex on suspicion of corruption , aiding and abetting misconduct in a public office , and conspiracy in relation to both offenses , police said . News Corp. said in a statement that it "  remains committed to ensuring that unacceptable news gathering practices by individuals in the past will not be repeated . " The other three suspects were arrested on suspicion of corruption , misconduct in a public office , and conspiracy in relation to both these offenses . A 39-year-old officer with Surrey Police is being questioned at a London police station , the Met Police said . The Ministry of Defence employee , a 39-year-old woman , is being questioned at a police station in Wiltshire , as is the member of the armed forces , a 36-year-old man . The police said the operation "  relates to suspected payments to police officers and public officials and is not about seeking journalists to reveal confidential sources in relation to information that has been obtained legitimately . " The Ministry of Defence said it was a matter for the Metropolitan Police and that it could not comment on an ongoing police investigation . The latest arrests come two weeks after four current and former Sun employees and a London police officer were arrested in connection with Operation Elveden . News Corp. established its Management and Standards Committee in the wake of the summer 2011 scandal over alleged hacking of voicemail , which led to the closure of the News of the World Sunday tabloid . The revelation that a murdered 13-year-old girl 's phone was hacked by journalists in search of stories -- and that many other crime and terror victims , politicians and celebrities had also been targeted -- prompted widespread outrage in Britain . News Group Newspapers , part of News International , paid out hundreds of thousands of pounds this week to settle lawsuits over phone hacking from celebrities and politicians , including a former Tony Blair spokesman , Alastair Campbell . The latest settlements meant News Group Newspapers has settled 59 of the 60 lawsuits against it . British Prime Minister David Cameron set up an independent inquiry into press ethics and practices in response to the scandal . Mohan defended his newspaper in testimony before the Leveson Inquiry earlier this month . "  The Sun is a private enterprise that performs a public duty with a public interest : to inform a mass readership so that British democracy can function properly , " he said in a written witness statement . "  The Sun is occasionally boisterous and often cheeky but it is always a loyal companion to our readers , male and female . It relates to them in a more passionate way than any other title and in doing so it has become Britain 's best-selling newspaper . " Two parliamentary committees are also investigating the scandal . There have been 17 arrests in relation to Operation Weeting , the phone-hacking inquiry , and 21 in connection with Operation Elveden . Three people have been arrested in connection with both investigations . A third police inquiry is investigating alleged email hacking . No one has been charged . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : All eight are free after posting bail , police say Rupert Murdoch will continue to own and publish Sun , an executive says The executive names the five Sun employees who 've been arrested A police officer , a member of the military and a Ministry of Defence employee were also arrested
NATO 's military chief warned Wednesday that Russian troops could begin moving on Ukraine within 12 hours of being given an order , amid fears that Moscow could seek to invade its eastern region . Gen. Philip Breedlove , NATO 's supreme allied commander Europe , also told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that with 40,000 troops massed near the border , Russia has all the components necessary to move on Ukraine . These forces are "  supported by fixed-wing aircraft , rotary aircraft , all of the logistics required in order to successfully make an incursion if they needed , " he said . In terms of deterrence , Breedlove said NATO has a good air and sea plan and is working in the next several days on developing a land component to that reassurance . Ukraine is not a NATO member , but many countries that are members -- such Poland and the Baltic states -- have voiced their increasing anxiety about Russia 's recent actions . NATO said on Tuesday that it would suspend "  all practical civilian and military cooperation " with Russia in response to its annexation of Ukraine 's southern Crimea region , which has triggered the worst East-West crisis since the Cold War . It also said it had seen no sign that Moscow is withdrawing some of its troops from the eastern Ukrainian border , as Russia has claimed . NATO chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen , speaking in Brussels at the end of a two-day meeting of foreign ministers from the 28-member NATO bloc , said he shared Breedlove 's concerns . He accused Russia of trying to intimidate Ukraine as part of an attempt to "  reestablish a Russian sphere of influence covering the former Soviet space . " Rasmussen again said Russia had a "  massive military buildup along Ukraine 's borders , " with troops in a high state of readiness , and that NATO had not seen signs of any significant reduction in that buildup . "  This is really a matter of grave concern . If Russia were to intervene further in Ukraine , I would n't hesitate to call it a historic mistake , " he said . "  That would lead to further ... international isolation of Russia . It would have far-reaching consequences for relations between Russia and what we as a whole might call the Western world . It would be a miscalculation with huge strategic implications . " Urging Moscow to pull back its troops from the border , Rasmussen stressed that NATO wants to find a political and diplomatic solution to the crisis in Ukraine . In an earlier media interview Wednesday , Breedlove said that Russia could "  roll across the country in three to five days if it wanted to , " a NATO military official said . Russia dismisses ` Cold War ' sparring As the diplomatic back-and-forth continued Wednesday , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov spoke with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry by phone . The Russian Foreign Ministry said Lavrov stressed the need for joint efforts to launch "  internal dialogue in Ukraine " to reach national unity and raised concern about the decisions reached by NATO , "  which do n't help the implementation of these tasks . " A senior State Department official said Kerry "  conveyed the strong support he was hearing for the people of Ukraine and the legitimate government of Ukraine " from counterparts at the NATO meeting . He also reiterated the objective of de-escalating the crisis and called for Russian-Ukrainian government talks . A statement posted by Russia 's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday , quoting spokesman Aleksandr Lukashevich , dismissed NATO 's words as rhetoric that harks back to the Cold War . "  The wording of the statement rather reminds us of verbal sparring of the Cold War times , while the decision itself brings us six years back , when Brussels ` froze ' the work of the Russia-NATO Council , " it said . "  It is well known how this ` freeze ' ended up . NATO initiated a return to cooperation with Russia , stating an ` all-weather nature ' of cooperation within the framework of the Russia-NATO Council . " The NATO ministers said on Tuesday that political dialogue in the NATO-Russia Council could continue , "  as necessary , at the ambassadorial level and above , to allow us to exchange views , first and foremost on this crisis . " They said they would review NATO 's relations with Russia at their next meeting in June . Marine deployment Within the next few days , 175 U.S. Marines from Camp Lejeune in North Carolina will begin deploying to Romania as part of an effort to beef up a Marine Corps presence in Europe for dealing with contingencies . The deployment to Romania was long planned , Pentagon spokesman Colonel Steve Warren said . The Marines will become additional forces assigned to a so-called Special Purpose Marine Air Ground Task Force headquartered in Moron , Spain . But additional forces in Romania will beef up the U.S. military presence in the region as tensions have risen over the Russian troop buildup along Ukraine 's border . Romania has agreed to allow up to 600 U.S. forces on its soil at any one time . There are an additional 300 Marines in Romania as part of a longstanding bilateral training program . The Pentagon is also considering additional moves in Eastern Europe to beef up military deployment exercises . A Navy warship is expected to enter the Black Sea in the coming days for another round of port visits and exercises as part of the effort , Warren said . Kerry : Do n't use energy as a weapon Earlier Wednesday , Kerry said energy supplies must not be used as a political weapon , speaking at an EU-U.S. energy summit held in Brussels alongside the NATO talks . His remarks came after Russian energy giant Gazprom announced a hefty increase in the price of natural gas it supplies to Ukraine . Kerry , who spoke while flanked by EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton , said the European Union and United States were taking "  important steps " to make it harder for one state to hold another hostage to energy supplies . "  No nation should use energy to stymie a people 's aspirations , " said Kerry , co-chairman of the EU-U.S. Energy Council . "  We can not allow it to be used as a political weapon or an instrument of aggression . " Europe and the United States are working together to reduce Ukraine 's reliance on Russian energy by developing alternative sources of natural gas , Kerry said . "  We 're working in lockstep to help Ukraine bring natural gas in from Poland and Hungary and develop a route through Slovakia , " he said , adding that the United States also hopes to export more natural gas in the future . At the same time , Kerry said Ukraine has committed to work to reduce consumer subsidies to make its energy market more efficient . The International Monetary Fund last week agreed to lend Ukraine up to $ 18 billion over the next two years in return for a package of reforms , including to its energy market . In the United States , the House of Representatives gave final congressional approval Tuesday to legislation that would provide $ 1 billion in loan guarantees to Ukraine and would impose sanctions on Russia for its actions in Ukraine . President Barack Obama is expected to sign the bill . "  Developments in Ukraine have brought energy security concerns to the fore and prove the need to reinforce energy security in Europe , " said a joint statement issued by the EU-U.S. Energy Council . Kerry also spoke again Wednesday with his NATO counterparts , including Frank-Walter Steinmeier of Germany , Norway 's Borge Brende , Poland 's Radoslaw Sikorski and British Foreign Secretary William Hague . Gas price hike After the increase in gas prices reported by Russian state media Tuesday , Ukraine will pay $ 385.50 per 1,000 cubic meters of gas , up from the previous rate of $ 268.50 . The move , which is now in effect , ends a discount that was agreed to before Ukraine 's pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych was ousted after months of street protests . Ukraine also owes $ 1.7 billion in unpaid natural gas bills , Gazprom chief executive Alexei Miller was quoted as saying by the state-run RIA Novosti news agency . In a move that may add to Ukraine 's financial woes , Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a bill Wednesday terminating Russian agreements with Ukraine over the lease of its Black Sea naval base in Crimea , RIA Novosti reported . Russia paid the Ukrainian government $ 530 million annually for use of the Sevastopol base , and it wrote off nearly $ 100 million of Kiev 's debt for the right to use Ukrainian waters , according to the news agency . This deal will now come to an end . Also terminated was an agreement under which Russia gave Ukraine a $ 100 discount on natural gas , RIA Novosti said . This means that the price Ukraine pays is expected to rise to $ 485.50 per 1,000 cubic meters of gas once the Russian government issues an official resolution , it said . Far-right leader 's death investigated Separately , Ukraine 's Interior Ministry released a statement about the death last month of prominent far-right activist Oleksandr Muzychko , better known as Sashko Biliy . The ministry has said that Muzychko , a leader of Right Sector , a far-right group prominent in the recent anti-government protests , had been killed in a shootout with police in the town of Rivne . Ukrainian lawmaker Oleksandr Doniy , whose constituency is in Rivne , gave a different version of events , saying the activist was dragged into a car and then shot . On Wednesday , the ministry said special forces had "  acted in accordance with the law and all their actions are concluded legitimate " during his arrest . It said Muzychko was killed when he fired at himself . What do we know about Russia 's troop buildup on Ukraine 's border ? Is Crimea gone ? Annexation no longer the focus of Ukraine crisis Amanpour blog : Russia could invade Ukraine 12 hours after order , says NATO commander	NATO military chief Breedlove : Russian forces could move into Ukraine very swiftly Russia is trying to reestablish Soviet sphere of influence , NATO secretary general says Energy supplies must not be used as a political weapon , says Secretary of State John Kerry "  No nation should use energy to stymie a people 's aspirations , " Kerry says
CNN  -- An experienced radio journalist was killed during crossfire between Islamist rebels and government forces in Somalia 's capital , a journalist rights group said . Barkhat Awale Adan , 60 , was killed Tuesday afternoon while covering fierce fighting between Al Shabaab rebels and Somalia 's government forces . Adan was on top of Hurma Radio station 's roof in Mogadishu , helping fix a transmitter when a stray bullet hit him in the stomach , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists  CPJ  . He was rushed to a local hospital where he was confirmed dead , the National Union of Somali Journalists  NUSOJ  said on its website . Renewed fighting between the transitional federal government and Al Shabaab rebels started Monday and continued into Tuesday and Wednesday . "  We send our deepest condolences to the family and colleagues of Barkhat Awale , " Tom Rhodes , CPJ 's East Africa consultant , said in a statement . "  Both sides of the conflict have shown no regard for the lives of journalists and other civilians . We call on African Union troops and Al Shabaab to safeguard the lives of journalists . " Somalia ranked as the second-most dangerous country in the world in 2009 for journalists , according to the CPJ , with nine journalists losing their lives there that year . Adan was the second journalist killed in Somalia in 2010 . Sheikh Nur Mohamed Abkey , another radio journalist , was also killed in Mogadishu in early May . "  The violence in Mogadishu has made it extremely dangerous for media professionals to carry out their work without falling victim to the ever-flying bullets and widespread criminality , " said Omar Faruk Osman , NUSOJ secretary general . "  We have lost , yet again , another veteran journalist courtesy of the raging hostilities . " Adan had been a journalist for 30 years , serving as director of Hurma Radio over the past four years , NUSOJ said . Somalia has long been treacherous for both Somali and international journalists . In June 2006 , Martin Adler , a Swedish cameraman and journalist , was shot dead by an assailant with a pistol during a packed rally in Mogadishu . In February 2005 , Kate Peyton , a British senior producer for the British Broadcasting Company , was killed when an attacker walked up and shot her in front of her hotel , also in Mogadishu . Somalia has not had an operational government since 1991 , when then-President Mohamed Siad Barre 's military junta was overthrown . Somalia was ranked in 2009 and 2010 as the worst failed state in the world , according to Foreign Policy magazine 's annual index . Chad and Sudan , respectively , round out the top three failed states .	He is killed while covering fierce fighting between rebels and government forces Renewed fighting has gone on for three days Somalia is one of the most dangerous places for journalists
CNN  -- To an outsider , Dr. Dog has all the makings for the stereotypical "  eighth-graders start making scrappy recordings in their home and become overnight sensations " "  Behind the Music " special . Only nothing about the band 's success -- which includes six albums , performances on "  Late Night With Jimmy Fallon " and "  Conan , " among others , and touring as an opening act for My Morning Jacket -- has come overnight . "  We 've been doing it for a long time , " said Scott McMicken , one of the band 's founding members and lead vocalists . Co-founder Toby Leaman , the band 's bass player who shares lead vocal responsibilities with McMicken , agrees . "  I feel like everything we 've done has been this slow burn , " Leaman said . True , despite the guys knowing each other for 20 years , Dr. Dog is n't exactly living the large , rock-star life that fans might think . "  It 's kind of disappointing , " McMicken said with a laugh , "  Twenty years and this is it ? "  If I was not me and I saw me -- I would assume , ` This guy 's got like a million bucks . He 's a superstar . He 's been on "  David Letterman . " His life is insane . ' But  that life  has nothing to do with mine , " he said . In almost two decades of existence , Dr. Dog has been able to make a living with its music , currently headlining a tour to promote the album "  Be the Void . " "  We worked hard for it , " McMicken said of the band 's accomplishments . McMicken and Leaman met in suburban Philadelphia in the 1990s when they were in the eighth grade , and the duo began a creative relationship that involved writing and recording songs onto tapes . Unlike bands that develop a following on the road , Dr. Dog evolved in the opposite direction . They made an impression on fans in the Philadelphia area and enjoyed creating songs at their home studio . Not until McMIcken 's then-girlfriend slipped a copy of an album to My Morning Jacket frontman Jim James did the possibility of Dr. Dog becoming a touring band ever come up . Liking what he heard on the album , James sent the members of Dr. Dog a "  really nice letter , " McMicken recalled , asking if they 'd like to come on tour . The letter also asked a lot of questions and sought details about Dr. Dog to which McMicken did n't have the answers . He finally had to say to James , "  This band is just some dudes in a basement . " Joining My Morning Jacket on tour proved to be a valuable experience , and group members credit that band with giving them their "  first step into working " as a touring act . But both McMicken and Leaman remain the most passionate about writing and recording a song . Leaman said , "  The process is the important part . ... It 's the only thing with real meaning . " There is a vulnerability involved in writing a song and bringing to the band to play for the first time , he said . The results can be and have been "  devastating , " he said . But for the most part , "  The song  becomes everybody 's and that 's my favorite part , " he said . McMicken agreed . "  Sometimes it 's terrifying , " he said of the band connecting to a song and playing it together for the first time . "  As soon as you realize you have something , you are aware that it can fall apart . " That same feeling of fragility does n't apply to the band , McMicken said . During a long career , Dr. Dog has signed with different labels , seen members come and go and brought new ones aboard . And yet the band has remained true to the process , allowing members a level of success with "  more opportunities and more time to play with , " McMicken said . And if the ability to make a living touring and selling records went away , he said he 'd be just fine . "  We did this to no reward for so long and were completely unconscious of that fact for so long . And we still got so much out of it , " he said .	Dr. Dog has recorded six albums and performed on "  Late Night With Jimmy Fallon " and "  Conan " "  I feel like everything we 've done has been this slow burn , " says founding member Toby Leaman "  We 've been doing it for a long time , " band co-founder Scott McMicken says
CNN  -- TLC 's "  Toddlers and Tiaras " has been mired in controversy since it debuted in 2009 , and much of the distaste for the series stemmed from concerns about whether we were feeding the stage mothers ' desire for attention , or about the insensitivity in taping and televising children in the middle of a meltdown or temper tantrum . But whether you think child beauty pageants are just a chance for little girls to play dress-up , or a training ground for superficial , self-centered princesses in the making , everyone should agree that sexualizing a 3-year-old little girl is wrong . In what was likely a misguided effort to gin up publicity and ratings for the show , TLC released footage of a 3-year-old contestant dressed as the prostitute played by Julia Roberts in the 1990 film "  Pretty Woman . " This stupidity came just one week after TLC -- still known to many as The Learning Channel -- was forced to pull its Facebook page because of the deluge of negative comments over an episode that featured a little girl dressed up to look like Dolly Parton , complete with padded bust and buttocks . Instead of creating ratings-friendly buzz , TLC engendered outrage among millions of parents and grandparents , who are tired of seeing children exploited for ratings and robbed of their innocence by a greedy entertainment industry that will stop at nothing to make a buck . Like Roberts ' film character just before she hits the streets , the toddler is shown strutting back and forth on stage wearing thigh-high PVC boots , a blond bobbed wig , and a white tank top connected to a tight blue skirt at the midriff by a large silver hoop . Common sense is all too often a casualty of the media culture we live in . Parents assume the sexual content and innuendo in the programming they are watching will go over their child 's head , or think it 's cute to dress their child in sexy clothes or encourage her to imitate Beyonce 's dance moves so they can post it on YouTube . In reality , they are teaching their children what kind of behavior will help them get noticed . For years we 've seen adult sexuality being inappropriately and aggressively foisted on innocent young children , but kids today are being sexualized at younger and younger ages . A decade ago , parents worried about their teen daughters coming home from the mall with hip-riders . Now parents have to combat marketing forces that are telling their third-graders they need to have a padded push-up bikini top , or their second-graders that they need to have shoes that promote fitness , but are the same shoes sold to adults to tone and shape buttocks and thighs . Where does it all stop ? What have we come to when toddlers , not yet able to read , let alone make decisions for themselves , are getting schooled in dressing and acting sexy for adults ? Everyone in society suffers when children are sexualized , but those hurt worst are the children themselves . In February 2007 , the American Psychological Association released a report on the sexualization of girls that found that girls ' exposure to hypersexualized media content can negatively impacts their cognitive and emotional development ; is strongly associated with eating disorders , low self-esteem and depression ; leads to fewer girls pursuing careers in science , technology , engineering and mathematics ; and causes diminished sexual health . But it 's not just our daughters who are being affected by these images . Boys and adult men are also learning to value women only for their sex appeal , which the report says can lead to increased incidents of sexual harassment and sexual violence , and increased demand for child pornography . TLC 's official "  no comment " response to a question from CNN about the outrage is ridiculous . Executives are not only complicit in the act of sexualizing toddlers , they are unwilling to own up to their role in encouraging this kind of behavior . The product that TLC , a mainstream cable television network , is selling is sexed-up toddlers . They should be ashamed , and parents across the country should renew their commitment to teach their children that they are valued for who they are , not for how sexy they look . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Melissa Henson .	Melissa Henson : TLC 's "  Toddlers and Tiaras " promotes sexualization of toddlers , girls A 3-year-old wore a padded bra and buttocks , another dressed as a prostitute Henson says girls ' exposure to hypersexualized media is harmful in many ways She says TLC should be ashamed for promoting images of sexed-up toddlers for ratings
CNN  -- Forget everything you know about what 's making us fat . We hear a lot about Americans being fast food-addicted couch potatoes , and while that does play a role in the nation 's expanding waist lines , a new study concludes it 's not the driving force behind the obesity epidemic . Instead all Americans -- no matter what income level they have and no matter what neighborhood they live in -- are getting bigger because food is cheaper than ever before , the study authors say . Simply put , we 're spending less of our total budget on food so we 're buying more . The study , published in the June edition of the journal CA Cancer , found that people in 1930 spent about a fourth of their disposable income on food . Today food takes up about a tenth of our disposable income . Food is also easier to prepare and easier to purchase than it was in 1930 . That means Americans are n't just eating more high-calorie food , they are eating more of a variety of foods . Consequently , Americans have consumed , on average , about 20 % more calories since the 1970s . Lead study authors Roland Sturm and An Ruopeng hope it will lay to rest some myths about obesity . He lost 125 pounds , but still felt fat "  If you look at the data over time , you actually see a slight increase in exercise . And Americans have more access to fruits and vegetables , " said Roland Sturm who is a senior economist at the RAND Corporation . "  It 's not Southern hospitality that is driving this trend , nor is it income or education . Really nothing protects us from this challenge of obesity . " On average , Americans have been getting fatter since at least the 1950s , maybe even longer . While the data is n't perfect , experts looking at health records for men between the ages of 40 and 49 see a steady increase in body mass index since 1900 . Obesity is n't only a problem for people who want to wear bikinis to the beach . Excess body fat can raise a person 's risk for heart disease , cancer , diabetes , stroke and chronic illnesses . "  What this article reinforces is that we need to continue our research to find what combination of strategies will be most effective long term in helping all of us live healthier lives , " said Colleen Doyle , director of nutrition and physical activity for the American Cancer Society . Doyle suggests a better built environment where it is easy for people to engage in physical activity -- meaning sidewalks and bike lanes and safer streets . Also helpful would be changing social norms so that families will expect healthier school meals and calorie counts are readily available on restaurant menus . "  No one thing is the solution to this problem we are having , " Doyle said . Can you really control where you lose fat ? This latest study points out a few positives . Americans are exercising more : Data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show an uptick in the number of people who say they get 30 minutes of moderate exercise five or more days a week , or 20 minutes of vigorous activity on three or more days  about 51 % in 2009 , compared to 46 % in 2001  . The availability of fresh produce has also increased over the last 40 years , with a 27 % increase in fresh fruit and a 21 % increase in fresh vegetables per capita from 1970 to 2010 . But the number of people who actually eat fruits and vegetables has stayed flat . That may be one area where public policy could help . Agriculture policy "  has a huge impact on what people eat , " said study co-author An Ruopeng . "  Maybe instead of promoting commodity food like corn and soy , we could instead incentivize small farms to grow more fruits and vegetables . " "  We do n't want food to become really expensive again ; that is not the answer , " said Sturm . "  The markets were successful in solving a really old problem " of food scarcity . "  Now we have a new problem in the works with obesity , so we may need the market forces now to nudge in a different direction . " How to break your junk food addiction Sturm believes a policy South Africa has tried may help . In some 800 supermarkets in the African country , healthy foods were subsidized and available at a 25 % discount . The price did "  nudge people in the right direction " to eat healthier . A tax on sugary foods and sodas in Mexico was also introduced last year , but experts are still waiting to see what impact that policy will have on eating habits . Here in the United States , some members of Congress have introduced similar taxes , but have n't been able to get them passed . It will take more than public policy to end the obesity epidemic , the study authors say . "  There is no silver bullet , " Sturm said . True change would have to come from the ground up . Smoking , for instance , used to be common indoors , but policy and social attitude has made that less socially acceptable . "  When people come over to visit , you offer them a coke or freshly baked cookies , " Sturm said . "  That is the social norm . But maybe in the future we will look at that behavior like we do about public smoking . " Two big meals may be better than six small ones	Americans consume 20 % more calories than they did in the 1970s Food is cheaper for Americans than at any other time in history The obesity epidemic will not be solved with one policy or plan , experts say
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A 92-year-old woman with cocaine strapped to her body flew all the way from Brazil to Spain before police arrested her , in a wheelchair , at Madrid 's airport . A Civil Guard spokeswoman says the 92-year old was apprehended at Madrid 's Barajas Airport . They found 4.3 kilos , or nearly 9.5 pounds , of cocaine packets strapped to her legs and torso , and also arrested a 44-year-old female companion , who tried to escape on another plane , a Civil Guard spokeswoman told CNN Tuesday . The two women , both from Uruguay , were arrested Friday after arriving in Madrid on a flight from Sao Paolo , Brazil . But officials did not release details about the case until this week , after a judge had arraigned the two on drug trafficking charges . The judge ordered the younger woman to prison but sent the 92-year-old to a senior citizens ' home in Madrid . Due to her advanced age , "  it 's practically impossible " that she would be tried or face jail time , said the Civil Guard spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified . Police did not identify the two women . Civil Guards became suspicious when the younger woman repeatedly told the older woman -- who had asked for an airport wheelchair in Madrid to traverse the terminal -- that if they rushed , they would make their connecting flight to Spain 's Canary Islands . The Civil Guards , who run customs controls at the airport , stopped the woman in the wheelchair . The younger woman immediately fled , first trying to make the connecting flight , which by then had closed its doors , and then attempting to leave the airport terminal for the street . But she was stuck in the "  satellite , " or second building , of Terminal 4 , which is connected to the main building and the street by an underground train . Police caught up with her before she left the satellite terminal . The two would-be smugglers probably expected a cash payment and return flight tickets to Brazil from their drug trafficking contacts , the Civil Guard spokeswoman said .	Two women , both from Uruguay , arrested after arriving in Madrid on flight from Brazil Judge arraigns two women , one a 92-year old wheelchair user , on drug charges Spokeswoman : "  It 's practically impossible " wheelchair user would be tried
CNN  -- On April 28 , 2003 , Apple threw open the virtual doors to its iTunes Store , and music -- all digital media , really -- has n't been the same since . Suddenly , an industry terrified of online piracy had a legitimate place to earn money from the sale of digital music . Listeners no longer had to drive to their neighborhood record store  remember those ?  to buy that new album by Norah Jones or 50 Cent . A song cost only 99 cents , a bargain next to an $ 18 CD . And iTunes-powered iPods , with their signature white earbuds , became a must-have mobile accessory . Not everyone was thrilled . Record labels grumbled at being strong-armed over song prices by Apple CEO Steve Jobs . Some musicians complained that they did n't earn enough royalties from digital-music sales . But by 2010 , iTunes was the largest music retailer on the planet . Today , it has 435 million registered users in 119 countries and recently served up its 25 billionth song , downloaded by a man in Germany . iTunes also now sells much more than music : Customers can download movies , TV shows , games , books , podcasts and more . In recent months , Apple 's retail juggernaut has shown signs of weakness . Recent figures show that its growth may finally be slowing down . And services such as Pandora , Spotify , Rdio and others , which allow users to stream songs for free or a modest monthly fee , are supplanting iTunes among many young listeners . But its arrival 10 years ago this week was a sea change for anyone who makes , distributes or enjoys listening to music . CNNMoney : The Evolution of iTunes Here 's a look at some ways iTunes changed music , and us : It celebrated the song , not the album Thanks to iTunes , all of a sudden , you did n't have to buy that Chumbawamba record to get "  Tubthumping "  the "  I get knocked down " song  . You could cherry-pick whatever songs you wanted instead of paying extra for the filler on an album or -- heaven forbid -- for a CD single . And sure enough , sales of songs far outpace sales of whole albums on iTunes . One downside of this is that artists have less incentive to make thematic concept albums . It 's hard to envision what the impact of "  Sgt. Pepper " or "  OK Computer " might have been in the iTunes era . It rewarded impatience Here 's the way it used to work : You 'd hear a song on the radio . You 'd have to figure out what it was  a challenge in the days before Shazam  . You 'd drive to a mall . You 'd search for the record . You 'd buy the record -- if it was in stock . You 'd put it in your CD player or on your turntable . Finally , you 'd get to listen . Now : Hear song , download song . Instant gratification . If the Internet has made the world 's knowledge accessible to almost anybody with a computer , iTunes has done the same with music . According to Apple , the iTunes store now stocks more than 26 million songs , many of which are n't about Taylor Swift 's ex-boyfriends . Now , whether it 's Javanese gamelan music or 13th-century Christmas tunes , it 's all at our fingertips -- and we can sample it immediately . Kids , you 've got no excuse . It killed the mixtape Ahh , those lovingly made aural valentines , filled with oh-so-cool jams sure to impress your romantic interest or hipster friend . So fun to make , not always so fun to receive . Sound quality ? Eh , it 's good enough Throughout the history of recorded music , the idea was usually to improve sound quality . As music went from scratchy cylinders to 78s to LPs to CDs , there was usually a corresponding leap in audio excellence . But the digital formats available from iTunes , which compress audio files to make them easier to download , are a step down from CD quality . And you know what ? Outside of audiophiles , nobody cares . The iTunes Store and its digital brethren have helped clear the way for the "  good enough " society . Those smartphone photos ? Not as good as a digital camera 's but good enough . That netbook ? Not as powerful as a laptop but good enough . Convenience almost always wins . As Wired 's Robert Capps wrote , "  Having it here and now is more important than having it perfect . " It killed album art This week , Storm Thorgerson died . You probably do n't know his name , but you know his work : Thorgerson was a graphic artist who designed album covers for Pink Floyd , Led Zeppelin and 10cc , among many others . You may also have seen Thorgerson 's shrunken covers on iTunes , where they have no more heft than an app icon . The song is the thing in the iTunes world , and that means there 's less importance for the kind of artwork Thorgerson did -- which , in its 12-by-12-inch LP album cover form , was sometimes more impressive than the music it housed . Yes , iTunes offers booklets , images , videos and movies , but you ca n't frame those and hang them on a dorm room wall ... or use them to spread out , uh , study accessories . It made apps mainstream Until July 2008 , apps were just something you ate before the main course . Then came the App Store , a specialty shop inside the larger iTunes department store , and Apple 's iconic "  There 's an app for that " campaign . Soon , every early adopter was waving around their iPhone , boasting about all the apps they 'd loaded onto it and slinging virtual birds at virtual pigs . The iPad only accelerated this trend . In January , Apple announced that more than 40 billion apps had been downloaded from its online store . ` All Together Now ' A small minority of artists have refused to sell their music on iTunes . But one group in particular was unmoved by the move to digital downloads : the Beatles . Thanks to legal disputes and sonic concerns , for more than seven years , the Fab Four  and their many representatives  resisted calls to transfer their prized catalog to iTunes , leaving music fans stuck with their old-fashioned CDs , LPs and reel-to-reel tapes . That finally changed in 2010 , when the Beatles ' Apple Corps joined with Apple 's core music distribution product .  Yes , the use of the name "  Apple " was another part of the dispute .  Since then , the two have "  Come Together " to the benefit of both . In the first week of availability , iTunes sold 450,000 Beatles albums and more than 2 million Beatles songs . ` Curse you , iTunes !!!!!!!! ' Despite its hundreds of millions of users , iTunes has its critics . It 's become one of the most unpopular programs Apple offers . It 's slow to load , it 's a memory hog , and it likes to update seemingly every day . "  Wo n't someone take iTunes out back and shoot it ? " Slate 's Farhad Manjoo asked in an article as iTunes 11 was released . "  Each new upgrade brings more suckage into your computer . " Apple fanboys wait excitedly for most new Apple products . But for iTunes ? Not so much . And then there 's this : Legally , you do n't own the songs you download on iTunes ; you simply own the right to play them on your devices . So it might be a good idea to hang on to those old LPs and CDs -- and leave your passwords in your will .	Apple 's iTunes Store launched April 28 , 2003 By 2010 , iTunes was the largest music retailer on the planet Despite some gripes , iTunes was a perfect fit for our instant-gratification culture Services such as Pandora and Spotify are supplanting iTunes among young listeners
Former Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates and three other people were arrested in connection with an investigation into suspected tax fraud , corruption and money laundering , the country 's prosecutor general 's office said Saturday . Socrates , who was detained late Friday , was due to appear before a judge for questioning on Saturday regarding an investigation of suspicious banking operations and money transfers , according to a statement from the prosecutor 's office . Socrates was prime minister from 2005 to 2011 , when he stepped down after his socialist government was unable to push though austerity measures , which were intended to preclude a bailout to ease the country 's debt crisis .	Prosecutor : Jose Socrates to be questioned in probe of suspicious banking operations Socrates was prime minister from 2005 to 2011
President Franklin D. Roosevelt called her "  Little Miss Miracle . " Such was the power of Shirley Temple during the Great Depression , a dark time when millions were out of work and struggling to survive . Into their midst came a little girl in curls , whose films -- such as "  Little Miss Marker , " "  Curly Top , " "  Bright Eyes " and "  Captain January " -- allowed them to forget , if just for a little while . "  Shirley could make people believe , if only for 90 minutes , that there were no problems in the world , " said a fellow child star , Dickie Moore . Shirley Temple Black , perhaps the biggest child star in history , died Monday . She was 85 . There had been child stars before Shirley Temple -- Jackie Cooper and Jackie Coogan , to name two -- and there is certainly no shortage of them now , with reality TV and child-targeted cable networks minting a perky new imp every six months . But with her sparkling personality , song-and-dance talent and sheer box-office power , there has likely been no equal in history . Photos : Child star transformations "  She  represented , for many , the epitome of childhood goodness and sentiment , a beacon of hope for the future of America and the physical embodiment of the perfect child , " wrote a British sociologist , Jane Catherine O'Connor , in "  The Cultural Significance of the Child Star . " Share your memories Shirley Temple everywhere At the peak of her fame in the mid-1930s there were Shirley Temple dolls , Shirley Temple dresses , Shirley Temple china , Shirley Temple notebooks , Shirley Temple soap and Shirley Temple sheet music . There was a nonalcoholic cocktail -- ginger ale with a touch of grenadine , topped with a maraschino cherry -- named for her . She was awarded an honorary Oscar in 1934 . She was the No. 1 box office star in the nation from 1935 to 1938 . She almost single-handedly led 20th Century Fox , her studio , back to profitability . She was so well-known , so iconic , that even the number of curls in her hair was publicized .  It 's 56 , incidentally . "  I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was 6 , " she once wrote . "  Mother took me to see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph . " Through it all , she was barely touched by scandal . There were no stories of abusive parents or predatory agents -- though her mother , who did help push her daughter into show business , shaved a year off young Shirley 's age to make her more marketable . Indeed , the mere suggestion that she was something less than innocent was enough to prompt a furious outcry . When British author Graham Greene , then an editor and film critic , wrote in a 1937 review that the 8-year-old Temple was an "  adult impersonating a child " and that her co-stars reacted to her "  well-shaped and desirable little body , " 20th Century Fox sued . The legal challenge ended up putting Greene 's magazine out of business . Adulthood , however , did finally put an end to Temple 's film career . In 1940 , 20th Century Fox decided not to renew her contract , which was OK with Temple and her family . She went off to a Los Angeles school and , gradually , adjusted to noncelebrity life . She was just about to turn 13 . Shirley Temple Black , the ambassador Class and diplomacy She did a bit of acting while in school and after graduating -- one film , 1947 's "  That Hagen Girl " with Ronald Reagan , made it into the book "  The Fifty Worst Films of All Time " -- but after marrying her second husband , Charles Black , she decided to retire in 1950 . At 22 , her movie career was over . But her life was just beginning . Shirley Temple , child star , became Shirley Temple Black , diplomat , who raised three children , served as a U.N. representative and U.S. ambassador , and generally kept a low and genteel profile . Only rarely did she venture back into acting , most notably for a late - '50s television series . To younger generations , she soon became just a well-known name , her films seen only on late-night TV , her Depression-era celebrity all but vanished . Children of the '70s may know her best for an episode of "  The Brady Bunch " in which Cindy Brady becomes obsessed with her . Children of the 21st century may not know her at all . And these days , when being a child star almost invariably comes with a 24-hour media circus -- followed by calculated moves to showcase adult-like sex appeal -- one wonders if the fame of a Shirley Temple could last longer than the duration of a YouTube video .  Even in her time it was no easy feat , as biographies of any number of child stars indicate .  No doubt she 'd be analyzed , objectified and vivisected all over the Internet , paparazzi lurking outside her door , waiting for a swear word or a blown-up skirt . Still , child stars of any era could do worse than model themselves on Shirley Temple . When she was a movie star , there was nobody bigger . When she was n't a movie star , there were few classier . Her philosophy was summed up in something she once said in an interview . "  Some people are stuck on this image of the little girl . She is not me , " she said . "  We should n't live in the past . My life is now . "	Shirley Temple was a leading movie star of 1930s She represented "  the epitome of childhood goodness and sentiment , " said one observer Fame was gigantic -- there were countless Shirley Temple products After movie career , she had successful adult life as diplomat
CNN  If you 've ever hankered after a horse haven , a slice has just come on the market -- at a price of $ 22.9 million . Former FedEx CEO Ted Weise is selling his 50-acre equestrian estate in Florida , which includes scenic horse riding trails and a riding arena . Oh , and when you 've dusted yourself down after a tough day in the saddle there are 10 full baths and three partial baths to help you scrub up , before you start exploring the 1,000-bottle wine cellar to help you quench your thirst . This is an equestrian lover 's dream , boasting fully equipped eight-stall stables , a riding and jumping arena , eight turnout paddocks , and riding trails that wind through cypress and pine trees -- not to mention a 20,000-acre nature reserve surrounding the grounds . "  This is one of the most fantastic equestrian properties in all of South Florida , " says Sotheby 's International Realty which is selling the property . Located in the gated community of Ranch Colony in Jupiter , Florida , the property , described by Sotheby 's as "  Spanish/Mediterranean , " also includes a heated saltwater pool , a chef 's kitchen and an observation lounge offering panoramic views of the ranch . If you 're worried about Florida 's occasional blowy weather rest easy . "  All three structures , the main house , guest house , and barn were built to exceed Miami/Dade hurricane specifications with impact glass and reinforced rebar concrete roofs , walls , and floors , and multiple generators , " said Sotheby 's . The 70-year-old Weise and his wife Sharon bought the land site for $ 2.7 m in 2004 but are now looking to downsize to a "  miniature version " of the property , according to The Wall Street Journal . Other celebrities that have owned equestrian estates include musician Bruce Springsteen , whose daughter is an avid equestrian competitor and actor Tommy Lee Jones who once owned a 52-acre polo ranch .	$ 22.9 m equestrian estate is up for sale in Florida ; Owned by retired FedEx CEO Ted Weise The roughly 50-acre ranch includes a riding arena , horse trails , and even a 1,000-bottle wine cellar The property is located in Florida and is being sold by Sotheby 's International Realty
CNN  -- A Malian presidential candidate conceded to his opponent Monday , a day after a runoff election in the nation rattled in the past year by a coup and insurgent Islamists . Former Finance Minister Soumaila Cisse conceded to former Prime Minister Ibrahim Boubacar Keita on social media . "  My family & myself went to Mr. Keita , the future president of Mali , congratulate him on his victory . God bless you , " he said on Twitter . On his official Facebook page , Cisse issued a statement : "  Dear citizens , dear friends : To those who have been following me and supporting me here on this page for so many months , I would like to tell you that my family and I went tonight at Mr. Ibrahim Boubacar Keita , who will be our next President of the Republic to congratulate him on his victory in the presidential election . " In the first round of voting last month , Keita won nearly 40 % of the vote , while Cisse garnered close to 20 % . Keita ran for office in 2002 and 2007 . He lost both times , most recently to Amadou Toumani Toure . Toure was ousted by a faction of the military in March of last year , plunging Mali , a landlocked country in West Africa , into chaos . A group of outraged soldiers accused the government of not providing adequate equipment to battle ethnic Tuareg rebels roaming the vast desert land in the north . Disgruntled , the soldiers marched to the palace . A few hours later , a soldier appeared on state television and said the military was in control of the nation . The coup leader later stepped down and transferred power to a civilian transitional government . But uncertainty reigned . Islamic extremists , some with ties to al Qaeda , capitalized on the coup . They toppled the Tuareg tribe roaming in the north and seized control of Timbuktu and other cities in the region . They carved out a large portion of the region and began instituting their own laws . Saved from Islamists , Timbuktu 's manuscripts face new threat They banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television , and destroyed historic tombs and shrines in the north . World leaders feared that the al Qaeda-linked militants would turn the area into a terrorist haven . Their victories prompted a French-led military campaign in January to flush out the insurgents . France has a close tie to Mali after holding it as a colony from 1898 to 1960 . A successful election would allow France to withdraw some of the troops it put in place to halt Islamist militants from advancing toward the capital , Bamako . French troops and United Nations peacekeepers still patrol the streets of the fragile north . CNN 's Larry Register contributed to this report from Atlanta , and journalist Katarina Hoije contributed from Bamako .	Soumaila Cisse congratulates his opponent , Ibrahim Boubacar Keita , on social media The former government officials were the top two in a vote last month A new president would allow France to withdraw some troops sent to fight Islamists
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni says sectarian and chauvinistic cultural leaders are behind weekend attacks by people , armed mainly with machetes and spears , who killed security personnel and civilians in the western part of the country . Police raised the death toll to 90 on Tuesday afternoon . Hundreds have been arrested , police said , including cultural leaders of rival ethnic groups in the Rwenzori Mountains region and in the oil-rich Lake Albert region bordering the Democratic Republic of Congo . Most of the dead "  are attackers killed in a counterattack at a military camp in Bundibugyo district and civilians , " police spokesman Fred Enanga said . "  We have so far found 86 key suspects out of hundreds , and we continue with a cordon and search in the communities looking for 22 guns we lost . "  Most of guns were stolen at a police station and at a bank " where there are police guards and private guards , he added . In a statement Tuesday , Museveni said the killings were the result of "  schemes of some confused or a selfish bunch of people , " adding that 51 attackers and eight security force members are among the dead . "  On account of chauvinistic ideas being bandied around for so long , it seems some groups hatched this criminal scheme that has caused the deaths of so many people , " he wrote . While the attacks were dealt with by the police and army , Museveni said , "  of course , there was a failure of intelligence . " He asks : "  How did these people weave such a scheme without being preempted ? " Museveni says altogether , there were 13 daylight attacks across three districts in the Rwenzori Mountains and Lake Albert regions .	Hundreds have been arrested , police say 51 attackers are among the dead , President Yoweri Museveni says Many of the dead are civilians , and 8 security force members were killed , officials say In a statement , Museveni says "  there was a failure of intelligence "
CNN  -- Manchester City may have announced losses of more than $ 300 million for last season , but the English club 's massive investment in players is paying off on the pitch . Roberto Mancini 's men remained five points clear at the top of the Premier League on Saturday after ending the unbeaten run of third-placed Newcastle with a 3-1 home victory . That briefly put City eight points clear , but second-placed defending champions Manchester United stayed in touch with a 1-0 win at Swansea in the late kickoff , halting the Welsh side 's unbeaten home record . While City 's record deficit casts doubt over the club 's ability to adhere to UEFA 's financial fairplay rules , Saturday 's win -- the 11th in 12 rounds -- was a timely tune-up for the midweek trip to Italy . Mario Balotelli coolly sidefooted in a 41st-minute penalty after Ryan Taylor handled the ball , then the Newcastle fullback 's error allowed City defender Micah Richards to double the lead before halftime . Sergio Aguero came off the bench to net a 72nd-minute penalty after Richards was fouled by Hatem Ben Arfa , having also scored for Argentina in Tuesday 's World Cup qualifying win against Colombia . Dan Gosling scored a late consolation for the Magpies , who will lose third place on goal difference if Chelsea win at home to seventh-placed Liverpool on Sunday . Tottenham , in fifth with two games in hand , can also move onto 25 points with victory against visiting Aston Villa on Monday . City 's focus is now Tuesday 's Champions League trip to Napoli , which will have a big bearing on the club 's hopes of progressing to the knockout stage of Europe 's top competition . "  The feeling is good for Napoli . The team has improved a lot in the Champions League , " Mancini said . "  But I know what we will find in Naples , they are playing very well at home . "  If we want to win there , then we will have to play better than this afternoon . " Manchester United will also need to improve at home to Portuguese side Benfica on Tuesday after battling to beat promoted Swansea , with striker Javier Hernandez scoring a close-range winner in the 11th minute after a low cross by veteran Ryan Giggs . "  They have a great home record so we had to make sure we defended well , and I think we did that , " manager Alex Ferguson said . "  We maybe should have done better with the chances we did get on the counter-attack and near the end we could have had a couple of chances , but it was a good result . " Arsenal moved up to sixth , also on 22 points but having played two more matches than London rivals Spurs , after winning 2-1 at promoted Norwich , who dropped to 11th . Dutch striker Robin Van Persie continued his hot scoring run with a double that took him to a league-leading 13 this season after Steve Morison gave Norwich a 16th-minute advantage following poor defending by Germany international Per Mertesacker . Queens Park Rangers moved up to ninth with a 3-2 win at Stoke , as striker Heidar Helguson scored twice before the home side were denied a late penalty chance to equalize when Joey Barton brought down Robert Huth but no foul was given . West Brom claimed 10th place with a 2-1 win that left Bolton in the bottom three , while Everton moved up to 12th after beating visiting Wolverhampton by the same score . Sunderland and Fulham joined Wolves on 11 points after a 0-0 draw , with all three clubs hovering hovering above the relegation zone . The bottom two teams Wigan and Blackburn Rovers drew 3-3 in a fiery derby that ended with Yakubu leveling with a penalty nine minutes into time added on . It was the Nigerian striker 's second goal of the day for 10-man Blackburn , having netted the opener after only 68 seconds -- his 100th in the English league . Rovers had David Dunn sent off for a second yellow card three minutes after the break , but Junior Hoilett made it 2-2 on the hour despite teammate Morten Gamst Pedersen appearing to pass the ball to himself from a corner .	Manchester City stay five points clear after Saturday 's 12th round of EPL matches City end third-placed Newcastle 's unbeaten start with a 3-1 home victory Second-placed Manchester United stay in touch with a 1-0 win at Swansea Robin van Persie 's double against Norwich puts Arsenal in sixth place
CNN  -- Brian Steel was taught from birth that he was "  handicapped . " Singled out in school by policies and his peers , he grew up feeling unfairly judged because of the way his body worked . Steel was diagnosed with congenital fiber-type disproportion when he was 4 months old . People with this rare condition , also called short fiber syndrome , typically experience muscle weakness , particularly in the shoulders , upper arms , hips and thighs , and may have breathing problems , according to the National Institutes of Health . The NIH estimates that about 25 % of people born with the disorder die during early childhood . Tired of the way people made up their minds before getting to know him , Steel decided to photograph other people with disabilities and tell their stories . The result was a photo exhibit called "  Impaired Perceptions " that premiered in Atlanta late last year . "  We filter everything that we see through the lens of our perceptions , so it is not until we are able to step outside of our perceptions that we are able to determine what is real and what is not , " the 33-year-old wrote . "  The portraits are traditional , empowering and show each person 's humanity . " CNN asked Steel about his exhibit , the misperceptions he faces and how we can do more to accept others . The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : How does this condition affect your daily life ? Steel : It has made me physically weak , so it makes a lot of tasks more difficult . I ca n't lift or carry anything much over 5 pounds . I have a hard time getting out of low chairs because of my weak leg muscles . My weakened chest muscles have caused me to have sleep apnea and make me susceptible to pneumonia . Physically , it may have made me weak , but in other ways , it has made me stronger . It has made me more creative because I have had to find alternative ways to accomplish the same tasks that would otherwise come  easily  to my able-bodied counterparts . I have had short fiber from birth , so I have n't known any other reality . To me , it is just life , and I am very grateful for my life . Opinion : I 'm a person , not a condition CNN : What "  impaired perceptions " did you face as a child ? As an adult ? Steel : As a child , I mainly remember being seen as different . People would often stare . I remember in my elementary music class , the teacher made us sit on the end separate from the able-bodied children , and we were not allowed to touch any of the instruments . Once I became fully integrated into the regular classroom , things were a lot better . The great thing about being a kid is that you are mostly around other kids , and children are generally very open about what they think and ask questions when they do n't understand . I would have classmates ask me why I appeared different to them , and I would tell them about my condition . After I explained my condition , it was settled . As an adult , things are much more under the surface . Where children are young and trying to get a sense of their world , adults tend to think that they already have things figured out . Most grown people will not come out and ask me about my condition , so in order to make sense of me they have to either watch and gather information through observation or use their own preconceived notions . What I usually encounter from adults  is  people asking me who takes care of me or talking to me as though I were mentally challenged . It is n't too unusual for someone to be surprised that I can drive a car . I live a completely independent life . To be fair , people also tell me that I inspire them simply by living my everyday life , and that is a good feeling . Schools must provide sports for students with disabilities CNN : What gave you the inspiration for this photo project ? Steel : "  Impaired Perceptions " started from something that had been welling up inside of me . Throughout my life , I have experienced many encounters where people doubted my intelligence and abilities because of my appearance . I was approaching the completion of my graduate education and preparing to enter the professional world . My concerns and frustrations regarding how I often felt perceived by strangers suddenly became more important to me . I began by writing phrases on my body that represented the misperceptions that I felt from others and photographing myself .  But  I did n't want the project to just be about my story , because I wanted the message to have a bigger impact . As I began interviewing different people with various physical impairments and hearing their stories , I realized that some individuals seemed to have more confidence and hope than others . I then became just as concerned with empowering others as I am with trying to change people 's perceptions . People form a lot of their identity from how they feel perceived by others , and others often form their opinions ... from what that person thinks of him or herself . Therefore , the most effective way to eliminate negative perceptions of people with impairments is to empower them . Amazing success fueled by act of discrimination CNN : What do you hope people take away from it ? Steel : The overall message is that you can not tell what a person is capable of or what their life is like simply by looking at them . That is true regardless of ability , race , religion or orientation . Some of the people I photographed and interviewed for this project appeared to be perfectly able-bodied but actually have impairments that limited them physically . They are misperceived in a manner that is almost opposite to my experience . They talked about how judged they often felt because people could not understand why they were n't doing certain things that required more physical effort . On the other hand , I met people who had experiences where people felt compelled to help them because they were in a wheelchair , but those individuals are fully capable and have accomplished more than a lot of their able-bodied peers . My point is not to say that one group is better than the other but rather that you simply ca n't know what someone is capable of without getting to know them . The other part of the message that I hope makes a big impact is that you should n't let anyone tell you what you are capable of . There are many different kinds of ability and strength . My prayer is that some people who may have given up and accepted a role that they did not choose will find hope and work towards a life that they want . CNN : What do you think we need to do as a society to better accept differences in others ? Steel : The best way is simply to teach and encourage people to individualize . Simply learning about different conditions or religions is not enough to know all of the people that have those conditions and/or practice those religions . In my project , I included interviews along with the portraits so that the viewer could get a real sense of who they were . I recently curated "  Inside the Outsider , " a photography exhibition for Mason Murer Fine Art . The theme was about how we have all felt like an outsider in some way , and in that way , we are all the same . I think if we took that to heart , we would realize that there is n't anything that we are going through that no one else is and that no one is as different from us as we may think that they are . We have to teach ourselves to suspend our initial judgments and get to know a person before we form our opinion of them . What makes it difficult is that out of self-defense , we instinctively attempt to categorize people and things to avoid possible dangers . I am not suggesting that we ignore our gut feelings entirely but rather that we suspend our final judgments until we have more information . Deaf woman 's eBay complaint highlights dispute over Web access for disabled CNN 's Elizabeth Johnson contributed to this report .	Brian Steel 's "  Impaired Perceptions " photography exhibit showed in 2012 Steel has severe muscle weakness from congenital fiber-type disproportion You should n't let anyone tell you what you 're capable of , Steel says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Dominick Dunne , the former Hollywood producer and best-selling author known for his Vanity Fair essays on the courtroom travails of the rich and famous , died Wednesday in New York city after a long battle with cancer . Dominick Dunne wrote five best selling books and covered high society crimes for Vanity Fair . Dunne , who described himself as "  a high-class Zelig , " was 83 . Called "  Nick " by his friends , Dunne was putting the finishing touches on his final novel , which he said he planned to call "  Too Much Money , " when his health took a turn for the worse . He flew to Germany earlier this month for another round of stem cell treatments at the same Bavarian clinic where the late Farrah Fawcett was treated . He was hospitalized upon his return to New York , then sent home . As a correspondent for Vanity Fair magazine , Dunne was a fixture at some of the most famous trials of our times -- Claus von Bulow , William Kennedy Smith , the Menendez brothers , O.J. Simpson , Michael Skakel and Phil Spector . He discovered his magazine writing career in his 50s , through personal tragedy -- his daughter 's murder . Watch why Dunne says he started writing about crime " He vented his anger at the legal system in "  Justice : A Father 's Account of the Trial of his Daughter 's Killer , " following the murder trial of John Sweeney , the estranged boyfriend who strangled 22-year-old Dominique Dunne , in 1982 . Sweeney spent fewer than three years in prison . Dunne 's article was published by Vanity Fair and he accepted then-editor Tina Brown 's offer to write full-time for the magazine . Calling himself a "  diarist , " Dunne dropped bold-faced names as he spilled behind-the-scenes nuggets gleaned from courtrooms and dinner parties alike . Watch more about Dunne 's life " "  It is fair to say that the halls of Vanity Fair will be lonelier without him and that , indeed , we will not see his like anytime soon , if ever again , " said editor Graydon Carter in a tribute posted on the magazine 's Web site . He bristled at one writer 's oft-repeated description of him as "  Judith Krantz in pants . " He preferred to be known as a crime victim 's advocate and frequently spoke at events sponsored by victims ' groups . The fact he personally knew many of the people he wrote about set Dunne apart from other crime writers . Dunne wrote that he met music producer Phil Spector for dinner three times during the Simpson murder trial . "  He knew every detail of the trial and story , " Dunne wrote . "  He carried a gun when we saw each other , but he never pulled it on me . " Spector later became a defendant in a trial Dunne covered . Dunne spoke to CNN in June , while promoting the DVD release of a documentary of his life called "  After the Party . " At the time , he said he was feeling well , happy , and hopeful the treatments were working . "  I 'm pro stem cell , " he said . But even then , he seemed to know he was in a race against time . "  I want to have one more best seller , before I cool , " Dunne said . "  It 's wonderful to have a best seller . " He said his personal story puts the lie to the claim by another high society writer , the late F. Scott Fitzgerald , that there are no second acts in life . "  This is the third act , " Dunne said . "  I have a novel coming out . I finally got it finished in the clinic ... I 'm calling it ` Too Much Money . ' That 's a hooking title . " Dunne looked back on his life during the hour-long lunchtime phone chat . He said he had just one regret -- his failed marriage to his wife , Lenny , who died in 1997 . The couple divorced in 1965 but remained close . "  I loved that marriage , " he said . "  Lenny was the love of my life . And yet I ruined it . I was n't formed yet . The regret is that I hurt her . " Dunne had his own television show , truTV 's "  Power , Privilege and Justice . " Marc Juris , truTV 's executive vice president , recalled Dunne as "  a master storyteller ... who always kept his eye on the human story behind the crimes . " Besides hosting his own show , Dunne appeared frequently on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  Dominick Dunne was one of the finest people I 've known , " King said . "  He was a terrific writer , a raconteur , and a familiar face on ` Larry King Live ' for many years . He was a wonderful human being . " In court , Dunne always dressed impeccably , wearing dark jackets and gray flannels , sharply starched shirts complete with cufflinks , and club-style ties . He used a fountain pen to jot notes in small bound notebooks . He was unabashedly pro-prosecution , although he said he "  lost no sleep " over Robert Blake 's acquittal on a charge of killing his wife , and was troubled by Martha Stewart 's conviction on lying to investigators about a stock deal . Watch Nancy Grace 's tribute " When Simpson 's acquittal was announced in 1995 , Dunne 's jaw dropped and the courtroom cameras caught his expression . It became an iconic image . Simpson later was found liable in a wrongful death suit and ordered to pay more than $ 33 million to the victims ' families . Dunne had been battling cancer for several years -- a fight that became widely known when he collapsed in court last year while covering Simpson 's Las Vegas armed robbery trial . He was n't in court to see Simpson sentenced to prison . Dunne 's life story reads like one of his novels . He was born to a well-to-do family in Hartford , Connecticut , in 1925 ; his father was a cardiac specialist . As a young man , Dunne attended Williams College and fought in the Battle of the Bulge , winning the Bronze star . He later found work in New York as a stage manager for "  The Howdy Doody Show , " a popular kids ' show when television was in its infancy . He moved to Hollywood , rubbing elbows with the biggest names in show business during the 1960s , and became a movie producer . But he soon became addicted to alcohol and drugs , hit bottom and became his own worst nightmare -- a nobody . He sobered up and retired to a one-room cabin in Oregon to write his first novel , then headed back to New York with just a suitcase and his typewriter . In 1985 , Dunne wrote his first best-seller , "  The Two Mrs. Grenvilles , " loosely based on a society killing . That success was followed by "  People Like Us , " "  An Inconvenient Woman , " "  A Season in Purgatory , " and , following the Simpson trial , "  Another City , Not my Own . " His brother , the late John Gregory Dunne , was an accomplished author and was married to Joan Didion , a wit and famous writer . In fact , Dunne has said , he was so daunted by their talent that it probably delayed the start of his own writing career by decades . Dunne is survived by his two sons , Alexander and Griffin . Griffin is an actor-producer who has appeared in films such as "  An American Werewolf in London " and "  After Hours . " His credits on the other side of the camera include "  Fierce People " and "  Practical Magic . " Asked if he believed in past lives , Dunne , ever the firm believer in second acts , said : "  I believe in future ones . "	Dunne had been receiving stem cell treatments in Europe for bladder cancer He was working on his final novel , due out in December Dunne covered the trials of the wealthy and notorious for Vanity Fair He also wrote best-sellers and hosted a show on truTV
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- It 's a date etched in the minds of every Kenyan -- September 21 , 2013 . At the upscale Westgate shopping mall in Nairobi , a youth cooking competition was underway , friends laughed as they sipped coffee and families strolled idly through supermarket aisles . But the relaxing Saturday afternoon was shattered when gunmen descended upon the five-storey facility shooting shoppers indiscriminately . The siege would last four days and the carnage would leave at least 67 people dead . When the terror attack began , Abbas Gullet was one of the first people on the scene . As the head of Kenya Red Cross , he is on the front line of emergency response when disaster strikes in the country -- and this was no exception . "  It 's something that we never expected , " Gullet says . "  We always knew that something may happen , a terror attack -- I think there had been a heightened alert of terror possibility in the country in the last two , three years -- but what I can say is that when it did happen ... we acquitted ourselves very well from an emergency response point of view , " he adds . "  It happened at about 12:30 and by about 1:15 we were there . " Gullet says that day changed his life forever . Taking lead on the scene , he coordinated teams of paramedics , life support ambulances and a psychosocial unit to offer support to families of those injured or killed during the terror attack . Community support is paramount in emergency situations , and during Westgate Gullet says that he could n't have asked for a better response . After setting up mobile blood donation clinics , Kenyans banded together to help in whatever way they could . "  They gave blood ; they gave money ; anything that they could give they were out there to give , " he says . "  Companies came on board , individuals came on board . " Six months on and the Red Cross secretary general is able to reflect on how the aid group can continue to improve following the Westgate attack . "  The lesson learned is that they need to be better prepared , better coordination with the security forces , with the government , " says Gullet . "  Since then we 've taken a backseat and now are working more closely with hospitals -- as the second-line providers ... we know which hospitals can get what type of person , so today if this were to happen , I know where to take the patients and we 're going to do more drills with this hospital . "  But since then as Kenya Red Cross , even our own fast response emergency ambulance services and training , we have moved on another level up from then to now . " A life of dedication Born in Kenya 's north eastern province of Garissa , Gullet lost both his parents when he was just five years old . Raised by his adoptive parents in the coastal city of Mombasa , he says these early events instilled a need to give back , which is part of why he began volunteering with the Red Cross at 14 years old . Over 40 years have passed and the 55-year-old humanitarian is still working as hard as ever . On top of his leading role in Kenya Red Cross , he is also the vice president of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies , a position he holds since his election in November last year . "  I would say what ticks me and what makes me continue doing this job is the ability and the opportunity it offers me to be able to make a difference in the lives of ordinary people who are vulnerable , " he says . "  The ability to bring back hope to them , to give them back their dignity , to have a smile on their face , to have little kids who can have a basic normal life . " During Gullet 's tenure in Kenya Red Cross , the disaster response organization has grown from an underfunded society to one which now operates with more than $ 23 million in assets . He has established response centers and increased the number of available emergency vehicles with specialized equipment for advanced life support -- run out of Nairobi , the organization controls 53 ambulances , with another 75 arriving in June , and also leases emergency vehicles to counties that ca n't afford to purchase their own . ` Out of the box ' ideas With so many life-saving initiatives to finance , and an increasing number of international , regional and local NGOs fighting also for the same pie , Gullet is often having to get creative when it comes to working out where to get the money his operations require . "  You have to think out of the box to see how you would take this to the next level , " he says , citing the "  crazy idea " of Red Cross opening three hotels , including The Boma , a luxurious hotel in Nairobi . "  It 's the first in this country , the first in the region , the first in many parts of the world that today the Red Cross owns and runs a five-star hotel , " he says . "  Any surpluses or profits that the hotel may make , every penny then is brought back into the humanitarian work of the Red Cross . " Despite his many successes , Gullet says there is still work to be done as he continues to strive for improvements in the emergency medicine field and for more locally-generated funding schemes . "  I want to see a day where there is less aid coming from outside and more being generated locally , " he says . "  Where the African governments would see their national institutions as the first port of call or their preferred choice of partners that can do as good , if not a better , job than what international NGOs would do . " READ THIS : How Westgate changed the lives of Kenyans READ THIS : Rapping for respect in Egypt	Abbas Gullet is the secretary general of Kenya 's Red Cross Was one of the first emergency responders on the scene after the Westgate terror attack Started volunteering with the international humanitarian organization at just 14 years old
CNN  -- Sergio Garcia knows the law well . He has a law degree and passed the California bar exam -- on his first try . Now he wants to practice that law , giving advice and taking on cases . "  I 'm fighting for my American dream , " he said . Wednesday was a landmark day -- his first case before the California Supreme Court . But he 's not able to act as a lawyer in front of the justices , because the law he loves is not on his side . Garcia , 36 , has been an undocumented immigrant since he was brought to the United States as a child from his native Mexico , and that means he can not get a law license . It does n't matter what qualifications he has . It also does n't matter that he has been approved for a green card since 1995 and has been on the waiting list since . The line for Mexican citizens is so long it could be another six or seven years before his permanent residency is confirmed , he estimated . He has the support of California Attorney General Kamala Harris , who wrote in a brief to the state supreme court last year : "  Admitting Garcia to the bar would be consistent with state and federal policy that encourages immigrants , both documented and undocumented , to contribute to society . " And the state bar wants to admit him . In many ways it seems straightforward : How can someone without legal status become licensed as a lawyer , whose job entails upholding the law ? That 's the argument made by the Department of Justice in an amicus brief to the court . "  Aliens , including those that lack immigration status , are presumptively ineligible to receive public benefits , " such as a law license , officials wrote , referring to a 1996 law signed by President Clinton . The argument is that the court is partially funded by the state , and the state can not fund an undocumented immigrant , so the court may not issue a law license . But Garcia and his supporters believe the issue is not that simple as they make their arguments before the California Supreme Court on Wednesday . In addition to Garcia 's lawyer , Jerome Fishkin , James Wagstaffe for the California State Bar , Ross Moody for the Attorney General 's office and Tenny Daniel for U.S. Department of Justice appeared in court . The case is being closely watched for the precedent it could set , not just for California , but the nation . The court 's decision could affect hundreds of other young professionals in this country seeking a license , according to Vctor Nieblas , an immigration attorney based in Southern California . Garcia 's case has received nationwide attention because of two similar cases in Florida and New York . In Florida , bar admissions candidate and undocumented immigrant Jose Manuel Godinez-Samperio , 26 , passed the bar and also could n't receive his law license . He , along with the Florida Board of Bar Examiners , petitioned the state supreme court in December 2011 for an advisory opinion : "  Are undocumented immigrants eligible for admission to the Florida Bar ? " In New York , City University of New York law graduate Cesar Vargas , 29 , who was also brought to the United States illegally as a child , filed an application to practice law in 2012 . Vargas has also advocated for a federal DREAM Act and helped launch the DREAM Action Coalition , a political and lobbying voice to help pass federal and state legislation for undocumented youth . All three men have been open about their immigration status . "  Basically all I 'm seeking is my law license in California , which I already had but was taken away from me because I 'm undocumented , " Garcia said to CNN en Espa  ol . For about two weeks , Garcia was sworn in as an attorney . Then he received a notice from the state bar that his admission was in error . "  It was very , very hard for me to have to tell my family that the celebration we had meant nothing , " Garcia said . "  It killed me inside to tell them that I really was n't a lawyer . " Many undocumented immigrants brought to the United States as children qualify for two-year work visas under President Obama 's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , but Garcia is too old to be eligible . He qualifies for a green card through his father , who became a lawful permanent resident under the 1986 amnesty law , but is still waiting . "  Immigrants must wait longer if they are from Mexico , India , China or the Philippines , because lots of people from those countries want to immigrate to the U.S. , and so demand is greater than supply , " said Hiroshi Motomura , professor of immigration and citizenship law at the UCLA School of Law , "  This seems superficially fair but I believe it 's quite unfair and unequal , because the waiting period can vary so much . " Larry DeSha , former prosecutor for the State Bar of California , said Garcia should n't be given his law license because his immigration status would be in violation of a civil immigration statute and could affect his ability to represent his clients . "  If Mr. Garcia works or not is a separate question that deserves independent analysis , " Nieblas said . Motomura 's view is that although undocumented immigrants generally may not be employees , they can be independent contractors . They could take clients as solo practitioners , to work on specific cases or projects , or to have an ongoing relationship as long as they had multiple clients . This ability to work as an independent contractor also means they could do volunteer legal work of certain kinds . The U.S. Constitution guarantees public educational access through high school . Beyond high school there is no constitutional guarantee of access , but traditionally each state can decide to admit undocumented students to its public colleges and universities . Some bar them , some admit them as nonresidents at higher tuition , and some , like California , admit them at resident tuition rates . Motomura said whatever California decides , "  it is a decision that the federal government should and must respect . " The California Supreme Court has up to 90 days to decide on the future of Garcia . If it denies him his law license , he said he is prepared to take his case to the U.S. Supreme Court . Should it be legal for an undocumented immigrant to practice law ? Share your thoughts in the comments .	Undocumented immigrant Sergio Garcia fights for his California law license Is it legal for an undocumented immigrant to practice law ? "  I 'm fighting for my American dream , " Sergio Garcia says DOJ : How can someone without legal status become licensed as a lawyer ?
CNN  -- At least 50 officers and civilians were feared dead after Bangladeshi paramilitary troops staged a mutiny , taking dozens of high-ranking officers and military brass hostage , the country 's law minister said Thursday . Bangladeshi soldiers take position armed with automatic weapons in Dhaka on Wednesday . As dawn broke , the rebelling troops with the Bangladesh Rifles  BDR  allowed government officials entry into the headquarters in the capital city of Dhaka -- the scene of a day-long standoff Wednesday . The troops agreed to lay down their arms after Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina agreed to offer them amnesty . Ministers went door to door within the compound 's officers ' quarters to assure frightened women and children it was safe to come out . "  Nearly 50 people have been killed in sporadic fighting in the headquarters of Bangladesh Rifles  BDR  , " Mohammad Quamrul Islam , state minister for law and parliamentary affairs told reporters . In addition to military officials and BDR brass , the dead and wounded included passersby , including a rickshaw puller , struck by stray bullets during the gun battle , the Dhaka Medical College Hospital said . CNN was not immediately able to confirm the exact casualty count , with medical officials saying a final number will come after they had a chance to comb through the premises looking for bodies . At around 4:30 a.m.  10:30 p.m. GMT  Thursday , Bangladeshi TV channels broadcast video of Home Minister Sahara Kahtun telling rebelling paramilitary officers in the room that she could assure them the government would listen to their grievances . As she spoke , officers deposited weapons and ammunition onto a table in front of her and into piles on the floor . The video was initially broadcast on state run TV station BTV . Various private networks picked it up soon after . The Rifles is a paramilitary force responsible primarily for guarding the country 's borders . The force , more than 65,000-strong , also takes part in operations such as monitoring polls . The troops staged their rebellion on the second day of BDR Week when officers and troop members from various BDR outposts along the border were in the capital for celebrations . At least 5,000 -- maybe more -- BDR personnel were inside the compound in the Pilkhana area of the capital when the mutiny occurred about 7:45 a.m. local time Wednesday , said Mohammed Sajjad Haider , spokesman for the information ministry . Their mobile phones were turned off , making it difficult for the government to get a handle on the situation , he said . The rebelling troops were low-ranking members of the BDR , akin to infantrymen , who were angry at the way they were treated by their superiors , Haider said . "  They have several demands , " Haider said . "  They want pay parity with the army , they want job security , they want better food rations . " The mutiny is the most serious crisis for Bangladesh 's newly elected government , which came into power in December after two years of army-backed rule . Throughout the day and into the night , curious onlookers gathered outside the compound -- only to scramble for cover as sounds of gunfire periodically pierced the air . Plumes of black smoke coming from inside the compound could be seen for miles throughout the capital . Occasionally , the rebelling troops -- red bandannas covering their faces and guns slung over their shoulders -- walked past the closed gates of the compound , chanting , "  We have been deprived for a long time , we have deep grievances . " "  I 've been hearing gunfire all morning , " said Zunaid Kazi , a San Diego , California , resident who is staying at a house a few blocks from the headquarters . Watch as Kazi describes what he saw and heard " "  There will be a little lull and then the sustained gunfire will pick up again , " he said . "  I can hear military helicopters in the sky . It 's very rattling . "	NEW : Home minister shown assuring rebel officers their grievances would be heard NEW : Ministers go door to door to assure frightened women and children of safety NEW : Dead and wounded include military officials , BDR brass and passersby NEW : Rebelling troops were low-ranking members of BDR , information ministry says
CNN  -- A Disney Cruise Line employee has been reported missing during a seven-day cruise off the Mexico 's Pacific coast , the company said Thursday . The unidentified worker on board the Disney Wonder failed to appear for a Tuesday shift , Disney spokeswoman Christi Erwin Donnan said . The vessel , which left Los Angeles on Sunday , docked Wednesday in Puerto Vallarta , Mexico , Donnan said . The U.S. Coast Guard , the Mexican navy and the Bahamas Maritime Authority have participated in the search and investigation , Donnan said . The Disney Wonder is registered in the Bahamas . The Mexican navy has been conducting searches since Tuesday , Disney Cruise Line said in a written statement . "  Given the circumstances , we are very concerned about this situation and are doing everything possible to assist with the search effort and investigation , " it said . The company said it conducted a thorough inspection of the cruise ship . U.S. Coast Guard Petty Officer Pamela Manns said the Mexican navy is leading the search and asked for Coast Guard help early in the effort . The Coast Guard provided long-range search aircraft but is not now actively involved in the search . The FBI is not involved because it does not have jurisdiction , as the ship was off the coast of Mexico flying under a foreign flag , said spokeswoman Laura Eimiller of the agency 's Los Angeles office . But the FBI has heard no reports of criminal activity or foul play , she said . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	A cruise line employee has not been seen since Tuesday Disney Wonder left Los Angeles on Sunday Mexican navy and Bahamas Maritime Authority are involved in search
Editor 's note : This post was created for your reading pleasure as a collaborative effort between the editorial staffs of BuzzFeed and CNN . BuzzFeed/CNN  -- Rusty the red panda is the most recent zoo animal to prove it truly is a jungle out there . On Monday , the National Zoo in Washington announced that little Rusty had gone missing . Thankfully , by the end of the day , he was back in his enclosure and no longer wandering around the big city unchaperoned . Rusty 's adventurous day in D.C. is , obviously , not the first nor the strangest story of an escaped animal running amok . Do n't worry , though , all these have relatively happy endings ! 1  Evelyn and Jim : The gorillas that escaped , more than once , from the Los Angeles Zoo . These two gorillas were a pretty big headache for the zookeepers at the Los Angeles Zoo . The primates in crime escaped so many times that the zoo received a warning from federal officials , according to ABC News . The zookeepers were housing them in an enclosure originally intended for bears ; the gorillas would use vines to climb out , even one time bounding the wall with a running jump . 2  Nala : The lioness that escaped into Disney 's backyard . In the late '90s , a 450-pound lioness named Nala -- after a character in Disney 's "  The Lion King " -- escaped from Kissimmee 's JungleLand Zoo when handlers were cleaning her cage . The declawed lion prowled the area , much to the chagrin of residents . Thankfully , no one was hurt . After a few days on the loose , Nala was found by a search team and returned to her pen . 3  Virginia : The wolf that escaped from the Los Angeles Zoo and may or may not have been recaptured . The story of Virginia the wolf is one of the stranger ones . The timber wolf escaped from her enclosure three times in the 1970s before she finally got out for good . It 's unclear , however , what happened to the antsy wolf after that . 4  The 170 + Rhesus monkeys that took over Long Island in the 1930s . This kooky incident happened at an old-timey exotic animal park run by famous animal collector Frank Buck . According to the original 1935 New York Times article , the monkeys ' area was left open one night , they got out and went bananas in a neighboring town . Local law enforcement realized something was up when they started getting more than a few phone calls reporting monkeys crawling around people 's houses . Buck 's jungle camp even offered a season pass to any resident who returned a monkey . 5  Ken Allen : The "  Hairy Houdini " of the San Diego Zoo . Ken Allen is easily the San Diego Zoo 's most famous -- and successful -- simian escape artist . He became famous in the '80s for his numerous , daring escapes . He even taught another orangutan how to use a branch the way a human uses a crowbar to bust out of their enclosure . In 2000 , Ken was euthanized in captivity after being sick with cancer . He was 29 . The LA Times wrote an obituary for the beloved orangutan . "  With the solemnity usually reserved for the passing of revered civic leaders , San Diego Zoo officials on Friday announced the death of Ken Allen , an escape-artist orangutan so beloved that he had his own fan club , " wrote Tony Perry , a Times staff writer . 6  Nikica : The hippopotamus that would n't stay put . It 's pretty tough to tell hippopotamuses what to do . They 're very large and do n't exactly take direction . That 's what one village in Montenegro learned firsthand . In 2010 , after some flooding in the area , Nikica escaped her pen and made her way into a body of water in the nearby village of Plavnica . The villagers did n't mind Nikica swimming around their homes , though , and she ended up being a pretty popular celebrity in the area . She was eventually brought home after floodwaters receded . 7  The nine bison that ran loose in Oakland only to be coaxed back into their enclosure with bread . In 1997 , nine half-ton bison made a break for it from the Oakland Zoo . The herd did n't get very far , about 200 feet from the zoo grounds to be exact . The zookeepers lured the roaming bison back with pieces of bread . 8  Satara : The rhino that ran away from home after his mate left him for a younger rhino . It seems like rhinoceroses can go on jealous rampages , too . According to South Australia 's The Advertiser , Satara was a two-ton rhinoceros that threw a jealous tantrum inside the Monarto Zoo near Adelaide . The 18-year-old male escaped his enclosure and ventured into another section of the zoo where other rhinos were held before wandering back into his pen . The zookeepers figured it was because of Satara 's mate Yhura pairing up with a younger rhino . Scandalous . 9  The penguin that escaped a Japanese aquarium . Last year , a Humboldt penguin escaped from Tokyo Sea Life Park and spent a whopping three months waddling around the city . The 1-year-old fugitive was recaptured after being spotted multiple times swimming around Tokyo Bay . The penguin came back to the aquarium in good condition , apparently fit for big city life . 10  And of course , the clever Bronx Zoo cobra . In March 2011 , an Egyptian cobra slithered away from the Bronx Zoo 's World Of Reptiles -- and into the hearts of Twitter users . After a few days of searching , zoo officials found that the elusive snake had n't gotten very far ; she was hiding among pipes in a holding area in the zoo 's reptile house . They lured the cobra out using rodent-scented wood shavings .	Rusty the red panda was found yesterday after a brief escape from the National Zoo Rusty joins an elite group of crafty animals that eluded captivity A Bronx Zoo cobra 's escape in 2011 captivated social media outlets Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter
CNN  -- Apple 's Mac Pro , the high-end show horse of the company 's desktop line , goes on sale Thursday , restoring some luster to deskbound computers that have been overshadowed by the mobile revolution . In some ways the Mac Pro , which will be available for preorder on Apple 's website and Apple stores , is like the fancy haute couture dresses that get walked down the runways of Paris and New York . At more than $ 3,000 , the sleek machine is more computer than most people need or can afford . But it serves as a showcase for what its creator can do . "  Ca n't innovate any more , my ass , " Apple Vice President Phil Schiller said when he unveiled the new Mac Pro in June . It was a response to some analysts who say rivals like Samsung and Google have been rolling out fresher ideas than Apple the past couple of years . The Mac Pro certainly does n't look like anything else on the market . It 's a silver and black cylinder and stands just 10 inches tall . Packing a range of Intel Xeon processors , the new Mac Pro is more than twice as fast as its predecessor , released three years ago , Apple says . And , starting at $ 2,999  with custom modifications that could push prices upward of $ 12,000  , it 's for a select group of power users like graphic designers , photographers , videographers , animators and the like . The machine has six of Apple 's Thunderbolt 2 ports , enabling up to 36 external devices to be attached . Apple says the Mac Pro has been designed and manufactured in the United States . Pro users are a small part of Apple 's overall business . Only 19 % of the company 's revenue in the first quarter of this year came from Macs . That 's just shy of the 21 % it made selling iPads , and a far cry from the 49 % Apple made on the iPhone .	Apple 's new Mac Pro starts at $ 2,999 The high-end desktop is designed for power users The cylinder-shaped computer stands less than 10 inches
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Before it 's signed , the freshly minted security agreement between the United States and Afghanistan must face the scrutiny of the Afghan people in Kabul , starting Thursday . Thousands of tribal elders , who have made their way to the capital , have kicked off the loya jirga , a grand assembly , to confer in the coming days on a key issue : Whether or not to support the presence in their country of a limited number of U.S. troops beyond next year , when Washington plans to end their combat mission . "  They have to pass it , " said U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who announced Wednesday that he and Afghan President Hamid Karzai had arrived at the agreement . "  It 's up to the people of Afghanistan . " But is the jirga 's decision binding ? And what happens next ? What is the loya jirga ? A loya jirga is a uniquely Afghan way of debating and resolving issues of national importance . For centuries leaders of the rugged , tribal-based Central Asian nation have called the assembly to choose new kings , debate political matters and factional disputes , or adopt new laws and constitutions . The meetings are intended to bridge divides between the country 's divergent ethnic groups and create consensus among them . Is the loya jirga 's decision binding ? Not really . The loya jirga is by no means fully democratic , but the opinions of its 2,000-plus members are an important indicator of how the Afghan people feel . In the past , Karzai has said he respects the body and would acquiesce to its decision . The elders have come to this loya jirga at Karzai 's invitation , but that does not guarantee that they will support him in approving the security agreement . He has been heckled at least once at a past gathering . How does the assembly work ? After the opening session Thursday , the jirga will break up into smaller working groups for the next three days . The members will discuss the agreement among themselves and then present their recommendations to the full gathering . If the loya jirga passes the security agreement , what 's next ? Once the elders have weighed in , Afghanistan 's parliament will vote on the proposed bilateral agreement . Then it will wait for signature by the president . That may not be Karzai . On Thursday , he told the tribal elders that the arrangement wo n't be signed until after elections scheduled for April 2014 , and Karzai has reached the term limit set by his country 's constitution . He told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour it 's "  absolutely time to go . " If all goes well , when does the agreement go into effect ? The agreement would go into effect January 1 , 2015 , and last "  until the end of 2024 and beyond , unless terminated " by mutual agreement , according to a copy of the deal posted online Wednesday by the Afghan government . A U.S. official confirms the copy is authentic . The agreement says that either side will have to give two years ' notice if they want to terminate it . What are the key takeaways in the tentative agreement ? The final language of the security agreement -- which Kerry and Karzai reached a deal on -- guides the role of American troops in Afghanistan . According to the tentative deal : -- U.S. forces will play a support role in Afghanistan . -- But it also says that U.S. military operations "  may be appropriate " to defeat al Qaeda and its affiliates . -- It says the Afghan military will take the lead in counterterrorism operations and the U.S. will complement that "  with full respect for Afghan sovereignty and full regard for the safety and security of the Afghan people , including in their homes . " -- It mentions U.S. government funding for Afghan security forces . -- It gives the U.S. military strict jurisdiction if a U.S. soldier is alleged to commit unlawful acts on Afghan soil . -- On the other hand , Afghan authorities may request that anyone be removed from the country . So , what are the sticking points ? Military raids and strikes have long been a sore point between the two countries , given a number of incidents in which civilian men , women and children were killed . The proposed deal contains references to respecting "  Afghanistan 's sovereignty and territorial integrity " and adds that U.S. forces "  shall not target Afghan civilians , including in their homes . " But the agreement does not address past transgressions . Why not ? Because Kerry says that during his back-and-forth with Karzai , a demand for a U.S. apology was "  not even on the table . " Some published reports have suggested otherwise . "  I do n't know where the idea of an apology started , " Kerry said . "  President Karzai did n't ask for an apology . ... There has never been a discussion of or the word apology used in our discussions whatsoever . " But the U.S. has made a promise , Karzai told the loya jirga Thursday . President Obama has vowed that U.S. troops wo n't raid Afghan homes barring exceptional cases involving direct threat to American citizens . In a letter from Obama to Karzai , made public by Afghan officials , the U.S. President reiterates that U.S. forces in Afghanistan will "  continue to make every effort to respect the sanctity and dignity of Afghans in their homes and in their daily lives , just as we do for our own citizens . " "  As this new agreement states , U.S. forces shall not enter Afghan homes for the purposes of military operations , except under extraordinary circumstances involving urgent risk to life and limb of U.S. nationals , " Obama wrote . "  The U.S. commitment to Afghanistan 's independence , territorial integrity , and national unity , as enshrined in our Strategic Partnership Agreement , is enduring , as is our respect for Afghan sovereignty . " What 's another stumbling block ? Another stumbling block is whether American soldiers accused of a crime can stand trial in an Afghan court . The agreement gives the U.S. strict military jurisdiction . But many Afghans feel that that compromises the country 's sovereignty . Is the issue of immunity a deal-breaker ? The U.S. has said that unless American troops get immunity from Afghan prosecution , it will pull out all its troops by the end of 2014 -- like it did from Iraq at the end of 2011 . That could have significant consequences for Afghanistan . It needs some troop presence for training its forces and for stability . Can this obstacle be resolved ? Karzai says he can convince the loya jirga to allow that . "  I can go to the Afghan people and tell them that , well , if we are to ask for a U.S. presence in Afghanistan for that broader security and stability , there are things that they want in return , " he told Amanpour in January . "  And immunity is the principle thing that they want . So I will argue for it . And I can tell you with relatively good confidence that they will say , all right , let 's do it . " What 's the takeaway : Will all U.S. troops be home by the end of 2014 ? No . President Barack Obama has promised to end U.S. combat mission by the end of 2014 . The key word here is "  combat . " Speaking on Wednesday , White House spokesman Jay Carney stressed that same point : "  The war in Afghanistan will end next year , as the president has promised . The combat mission will be over . " But the approval of a security agreement would pave the way for American troops to remain on the ground in Afghanistan beyond that . Kerry said the U.S. military 's role in Afghanistan would be "  very limited , " adding "  it is entirely  to  train , equip and assist " Afghan forces . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Afghan elders meet at the loya jirga to weigh in on important issues At a loya Jirga , they aim to bridge divides among ethnic groups , create consensus Their decision is not binding , but Afghan President Karzai has said he will abide by it John Kerry says "  it 's up to the people of Afghanistan " to approve the agreement
Katherine Sutherland , an OB-GYN in Mountain View , California , knows something about terrible periods -- and not just from her patients . She used to go through tampons every hour , excusing herself to go to the bathroom between appointments . Heavy bleeding made doing what she really loved -- hiking -- especially difficult . Truth is , she wanted her period to go away altogether . In 2003 Sutherland , then age 51 , got her wish . She had a minor surgical procedure called endometrial ablation , or by its brand name , NovaSure , to remove her uterine lining and stop heavy bleeding . And she has n't had a period since . "  I was delighted , " she says . "  Up until that time I 'd never missed one period . " Sutherland recently hiked 8,000 feet to the ancient Incan city of Machu Picchu in Peru . About two-thirds of regularly menstruating women have premenstrual symptoms . Many women , perhaps 95 percent , have period issues -- bleeding like Sutherland 's , debilitating pain , out-of-control PMS , or annoyances such as constipation or diarrhea . Thanks to a variety of new remedies that can make over  or eliminate !  periods , you do n't have to suffer . We 've collected the best fixes for five of your most common problems . Killer cramps Virtually all women in their childbearing years have period pain  or dysmenorrhea  . In fact , it 's a leading reason for calling in sick to work or school . "  Your uterus is a muscle , and it squeezes really hard , " says Susan Haas , M.D. , an associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Boston University . "  Sometimes it can squeeze so hard it blocks the arteries coming into it . Just like in a heart attack , when the arteries are blocked , it causes pain . " Health.com : Pelvic pain -- solve the mystery The fixes Naproxen , aspirin , and ibuprofen help by short-circuiting the production of pain-causing chemicals called prostaglandins that are involved in muscle contractions . They work best if you start an hour before your cramps hit . "  Load up with a double dose and keep the blood level up , " Haas says .  The maximum safe daily dose of ibuprofen is 2,400 milligrams , or 12 200-mg pills . Take the minimum dosage that works for you .  Right when you get your period , start with 800 mg and then go to 600 mg every six hours . But talk to your doctor if you have elevated heart disease risks ; the Food and Drug Administration recently reported that all NSAIDs , except aspirin , may heighten cardiovascular risks . And remember that extended use of high dosages of aspirin or NSAIDs may cause gastrointestinal troubles . Omega-3 fats from fish oil seem to block prostaglandin production , too . And research shows that women with low intakes of omega-3s have more painful periods . While mainstream docs are mostly neutral on the idea of increasing omega-3s to fight period pain , some think it makes sense . Heat is an old-fashioned , but useful remedy for relaxing crampy muscles . Get out your heating pad , or try new nonprescription heat wraps , which last for eight hours and can be worn under clothes . Health.com : Your guide to fibroid fixes Severe bleeding Ten million American women have heavy bleeding , also called menorrhagia .  The average woman loses about three to four tablespoons per cycle ; more than five tablespoons is considered heavy . The fixes NovaSure , in which a wand is inserted into the uterus through the cervix , emits energy that , in most cases , permanently removes the uterine lining . It 's best for women who , like Katherine Sutherland , no longer want to have children .  Getting pregnant after having the uterine lining removed could be risky .  The five-minute procedure is done in a gynecologist 's office . Many women report lighter bleeding right away . And a recent study found that after seven years , more than 95 percent stopped having periods . The 365-day birth-control pill , called Lybrel , is another way to skip monthly menstruation . Approved by the FDA in May , Lybrel has no placebo pills , so you just keep taking an active pill each day .  Breakthrough bleeding can be an issue for about 20 percent of users . And , since Lybrel contains estrogen , it 's not for women who are prone to blood clots , such as smokers , who get migraines with an aura or who are over age 35 with elevated heart disease risks .  Health.com : Is it safe to ditch your period ? If you 'd prefer having a period , just with less bleeding , the traditional pill is also useful for curbing heavy flow . Its constant level of progesterone causes the endometrium to develop a much thinner lining . During your week of placebo pills , you get a lighter period because you shed a thinner lining over time . Another option is to have a period just four times a year : With Seasonale and Seasonique you take 84 active pills in a row . Mirena may be for you if pill-taking is n't your thing . This intrauterine device secretes progestin on a daily basis , thinning the uterine lining so there 's virtually nothing to shed . "  One-third of women get no period , one-third get a much lighter period , and the other third have only irregular spotting , " says Dan I. Lebovic , M.D. , a reproductive endocrinology and fertility specialist at the University of Michigan Health System . Drawbacks ? Pain during insertion , and possible cramps and bleeding for about three weeks afterward . Punishing PMS About two-thirds of regularly menstruating women have premenstrual symptoms , says Jean Endicott , Ph.D. , director of the Premenstrual Evaluation Unit at Columbia University 's College of Physicians and Surgeons . It could be headaches , breast tenderness , or big , unpleasant mood swings . Up to 8 percent of women who have PMS suffer mood changes severe enough to cause problems in their personal lives and daily routines ; this more serious version of PMS is called premenstrual dysphoric disorder , or PMDD . The fixes Calcium supplements are a good first thing to try , Endicott says , because research shows they ease symptoms .  Calcium may help even out hormone levels , although no one knows for sure why it works .  Besides , most women do n't get enough calcium in their diets anyway . She suggests 1,200 mg daily , and not just on the day you 're PMS-ing . "  It should help take the edge off " over time , Endicott says . Daily exercise -- like fast walking , lifting weights , or even dancing -- may be the last thing you want to do when in the throes of PMS , but it has proven antidepressant and antianxiety effects . Antidepressants  Paxil , Prozac , Sarafem , and Zoloft , to name a few  can relieve severe symptoms . The new twist is that you do n't have to take one daily -- but instead as soon as you feel anxious . "  We tell  women who choose this option  to put a red flag on the calendar noting when they 're likely to have symptoms so they remember to take the medication beforehand , when it can be most effective , " Endicott says . Another choice : Yaz , a birth-control pill that 's FDA-approved to treat PMDD . Clinical trials show it can cut symptoms by at least half , though the reasons are unclear . Gastro upsets Many women have diarrhea , gas , or constipation during their periods . Prostaglandins , the chemicals that cause cramping in your uterus , do the same in your bowels . "  For lots of women , it 's common to have a loose stool or diarrhea on the day they have a lot of bleeding , " says Leslie Miller , M.D. , University of Washington-Seattle clinical associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology . The fixes Fiber can help keep GI issues under control . Aim for 30 grams a day from cereal , fruit with the skin , and vegetables . But do n't add fiber to your diet too fast when you get your period ; that could worsen diarrhea . For constipation , check your habits . Miller says women often hold in bowel movements because they 're in public places . Before you know it , you are bloated and constipated . "  When you get the urge , go , " Miller advises . Ibuprofen and other similar anti-inflammatory medicines may reduce gastro cramping . To avoid tummy irritation , take it with food . All of the above Some women experience a combo of excessive bleeding , cramping , breast tenderness , headaches , PMS , and other troubles . What to do ? The fix Stop treating the individual symptoms . Miller recommends continuous birth control pills -- you just skip the placebo week and move on to your next pack . If your insurer wo n't pay for that , ask about Lybrel and the other pill options . Also , consider NovaSure if childbearing is n't in your future . E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Perhaps as many as 95 percent of women have issues with their period Naproxen , aspirin , ibuprofen can ease painful cramps Procedure known as endometrial ablation can reduce excessive bleeding Try calcium supplements to ease headaches , breast tenderness , mood swings
It was either a very restless or restful night of sleep for someone who bought a Powerball ticket in Northern California . Restless knowing their life had changed forever . Or restful knowing they had a boatload of cash coming their way . The California Lottery announced late Wednesday that one winning ticket was sold for the $ 425 million jackpot . The winning numbers were 17 , 49 , 54 , 35 , 1 . The Powerball number was 34 . The golden ticket was sold at Dixon Landing Chevron in Milpitas , a Bay Area town just north of San Jose . The business will reap its own $ 1 million for its part in making its customer rich . One of the co-owners does n't even know he 's about to reap such a reward or that his store has been inundated with media and onlookers . Kulwinder Singh was on a plane to India when the news came the winning combo came from one of his stores , his son and co-owner Parmeet Singh said . "  I think it will mean a lot , " Parmeet Singh told CNN . "  From an investment point of view , it 's just a great opportunity . " The big victor has yet to come forward . Singh hopes he or she happens to one of the "  regulars " staffers know on a first-name basis , though he 's happy for whomever is about to cash in . "  There are a lot of deserving people , " he added . "  I 'm super excited to find out . I really want to know . " Some customers outside the Chevron were abuzz . "  My co-worker just called me right now . ` Did you buy your ticket at the Chevron ? ' I was like , no She says , ` Oh my God , someone just hit it there . ' Crazy , could have been me , " Jocelyne Garcia told CNN affiliate KPIX . Wednesday 's jackpot ranks as the sixth largest in U.S. history . The largest was $ 656 million in the Mega Millions game in March 2012 . That was split by three tickets sold in Illinois , Kansas and Maryland . The Powerball game is played in 43 states , the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands . A single ticket costs $ 2 , and the odds of winning the jackpot are 1 in 175,223,510 .	Co-owner of the Bay Area gas station where winner was sold says he 's excited He says his dad was flying to India when the news came out One still unidentified winner can lay claim to the entire $ 425 million jackpot The lucky numbers are : 17 , 49 , 54 , 35 , 1 ... and Powerball number 34
President Barack Obama might be trying to distance himself from MIT economist Jonathan Gruber who has drawn heat for saying the "  stupidity of the American voter " was a key factor in passing the President 's signature health care law , but in 2006 then-Sen . Barack Obama said he pulled ideas from the academic "  liberally . " Speaking at a Brookings Institution event the same day as Gruber , Obama praised him and other academics as "  some of the brightest minds from academia and policy circles , many of them I 've stolen ideas from liberally , " according to a video reported Monday by The Washington Free Beacon . Obama goes on to list four of the seven panelists at the April 2006 event , including "  Jon Gruber . " Gruber was hired in 2009 as a consultant to the Obama administration as it began crafting the Affordable Care Act , now commonly known as Obamacare . Gruber netted nearly $ 400,000 for the year-long job spent modeling the impact of proposals that would later be shaped into Obama 's signature health care law . Obamacare : Voters , are you stupid ? Democrats have tried to extinguish the scandal that flamed after a half-dozen years-old videos of Gruber surfaced in recent weeks in which he suggests advocates of the law exploited "  the lack of economic understanding of the American voter " and said "  people are too stupid " to understand the nuances of the law and its language . Obama on Sunday dismissed Gruber as "  some adviser who never worked on our staff " and insisted his administration and other proponents of the law never misled voters about the legislation . "  We had a yearlong debate " Obama said . "  The fact that some adviser who never worked on our staff expressed an opinion that I completely disagree with ... is no reflection on the actual process that was run . " Obama is not the first official to walk back on his praise of Gruber . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi claimed outright that she did not "  know who he is " and said he "  did n't help write our bill " when in fact she had cited the economist 's work approvingly in 2009 and even mentioned Gruber by name in an interview that same year .	Obama speaking of Gruber and other academics in 2006 : "  Many of them I 've stolen ideas from liberally " Despite the '06 praise , Obama dismissed Gruber as "  some adviser " after Gruber 's remarks drew fire Gruber talked about "  the stupidity of the American voter " in videos that surfaced in the last two weeks
CNN  -- It 's a fun way to address a serious problem . Weightless teachers float around inside a modified 727 with padded walls and ceilings . Many in the U.S. tech industry worry that not enough students are pursuing careers in engineering , math , and science . So the Northrop Grumman Foundation is sending teachers on the ride of their lives -- a weightless experience aboard a plane chartered from the Zero Gravity Corporation . Northrop , an aerospace and defense company , says the idea is for teachers to take their exhilarating experience back to their classrooms -- and inspire in their students a love of science . Northrop Grumman spokesman Tom Henson said the Weightless Flights of Discovery program is aimed at middle school teachers . "  Information has shown us that if kids are going to lose an interest in math and science , it 's going to be during these years , " he said . "  So we 've targeted these teachers to try to illustrate for their students how math and science can be cool and relevant and applied to their daily lives , and just fun . " The program is three years old . This year , Northrop conducted weightless flights in California , Florida , Illinois and Georgia . Watch teachers experience zero gravity " From a pool of applicants , Northrop selected 60 teachers from each location . Before each flight , the teachers took part in a workshop in which they designed experiments to be conducted on the flight . The experiments were to test Newton 's Laws of Motion ; for instance , seeing how objects fall in microgravity in order to explain the difference between mass and weight . The flights took place aboard a modified 727 . There are seven rows of seats in the back of the jet ; the rest of the cabin is open and windowless , except for the emergency exits . The floors , walls and ceilings are padded . CNN accompanied the teachers on one of the Georgia flights , which took off from Atlanta 's airport . The plane performed its weightless maneuvers over a chunk of airspace 100 miles long by 10 miles wide over the Atlantic Ocean . Specially trained pilots took the plane into a series of parabolas , essentially a series of up-and-down curves . As the 727 crested and descended each parabola , it created a microgravity environment that lasted about 30 seconds . The plane flew 15 parabolas . The first simulated the gravity felt on Mars  1/3 the gravity of Earth  and the next two recreated gravity felt on the moon  1/6 Earth gravity  . This helped the teachers acclimate to the weightlessness of zero gravity felt on the last 12 parabolas . Tracy Heffelfinger , who teaches at Little Mill Middle School in Forsyth County , Georgia , said the experience gave her a great appreciation for what astronauts have to do in space . "  As a science teacher , you 're told what all affects how you move , and that gravity is a great portion of that , " she said . "  It 's another thing to get up there and experience it . I would try things like , I just wanted to hover off the ground a little bit , but the problem is if you push up enough to get off the ground , there 's nothing to stop you and you keep going until you hit the ceiling . " Heffelfinger said the experience will make it a lot easier to bring science to life for her students . Northrop 's Henson said the flights have already helped the 780 teachers who participated in the program in 2006 and 2007 , according to a recent Northrop poll of those teachers . "  Roughly 92 percent said there 's been a noticeable increase in their students ' overall interest in science since this program , " he said . "  Almost 75 percent saw an increased number of students expressing a desire to continue studying science , which is important , because we 're trying to keep students from dropping out of science in the middle school years . " Henson also said nearly 78 percent of the educators reported a rise in the number of students planning to pursue a math - or science-related career . "  I think the program is reaching who it needs to reach , " he said . Northrop estimated 31,000 students have gotten the "  science is cool " message from this program . Aboard the Atlanta flight , teachers screamed in delight and amazement as they defied gravity . They launched themselves like Superman , drank floating globs of water and tossed each other around like balls , in addition to performing a variety of experiments . A few educators experienced motion sickness . Parabolic flight is the same technique used to train astronauts , and the NASA jet is nicknamed "  the vomit comet . " But astronauts are sent on 40 or more parabolas per flight , while the teachers experienced only 15 , which minimized the discomfort . Heffelfinger said she had no problems , even though her students had teased her about the possibility . "  I 'm very proud of the fact that I 'll be able to show them my unused barf bag , " she said with a laugh .	The Northrop Grumman Foundation is sending teachers on zero-gravity plane flights They hope experience will help teachers inspire in their students a love of science U.S. tech industry fears that fewer students are pursuing careers in tech fields More than 800 teachers have participated in the three-year program
CNN  Tommy Thompson was an ocean explorer , an entrepreneur , an author and a diver for sunken gold . So when he dropped off the map in 2006 , many wondered what had happened . The feds say they know . Thompson , they say , was also a multimillion dollar scammer who went on the lam rather than pay back his investors after he found millions in treasure at the bottom of the Atlantic . To cover their tracks , Thompson and Alison Antekeier , his girlfriend , used false names , the U.S. Marshal Service said . And they allegedly paid for everything in cash . They likely had plenty of it . Speculations of what the gold loot was worth , and money they allegedly hijacked from investors , have run into the hundreds of millions . The Marshal Service finally caught up with the pair Wednesday . They found Thompson in a room at a Florida Hilton hotel , where he and his girlfriend had hidden in plain sight for a year . He will appear in a Florida federal court Thursday . Thompson , an oceanographic engineer from Columbus , Ohio , was fascinated by the SS Central America , a side-wheeler steamship that sank off the coast of North Carolina in 1857 . More than 400 people drowned in the throes of the hurricane that wrecked it . Officially a mail ship , it had left San Francisco flush with coins , bars , nuggets and dust just a few years after the California Gold Rush . Tons of it , Thompson wrote in a book about his quest . He was determined to scour the depths of the ocean for its loot with a cutting edge robotic submarine . In the 1980s , he began infecting investors with his dream , and they fronted him funds to help him realize it , according to a report by Forbes Magazine . The report put his unconfirmed fundraising target at $ 55 million . He spent it on a team of scientists , engineers and crew , who sailed aboard a ship equipped with sonar and the robotic submarine , which they called Nemo . And Thompson hired historians , who documented the ship 's history and artifacts . Years later , Nemo arrived at the ocean floor at the wreck of the Central America . Some of the gold , which lay sunken for over a dozen decades , made its way to the surface . In 1998 , Thompson published photos of it and other artifacts in America 's Lost Treasure , full of scholarly and technological details . He commissioned a documentary , Forbes wrote , and sought the attention of the media . Then , a few years later , in 2006 , he disappeared . His stakeholders feared he had run away with their investments and with perhaps even more millions made from the sale of gold coins . They sued , but he and Antekeier skipped out on multiple hearings , the U.S. Marshal Service said . Counsel representing them stood in court without them . In 2012 , federal authorities issued arrest warrants for the couple . Thompson and Antekeier ducked out of sight , and were last spotted in Vero Beach in 2013 . "  It appears they have known they were wanted and were doing anything they could do to cover their tracks , " U.S. Marshal Barry Golden told CNN affiliate WPTV . As officers tracked Antekeier on Tuesday , she allegedly went from a taxi to a bus then walked about a mile on foot . The couple read up on how to evade authorities , and it worked , the feds said . Marshals investigated around the globe for them . Then on Wednesday , they found them in the West Palm Beach hotel room . Thompson and Antekeier told officers they knew they had been searching for them . The couple went with marshals peaceably . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Tommy Thompson hired scientists and engineers to dive for gold in sunken historic ship He garnered millions in investments and loot then disappeared
CNN  -- A new Consumer Reports survey reveals that air travelers want comfort without emptying their wallets -- and many airlines do n't deliver . US Airways landed at the bottom of the list for overall satisfaction , also receiving the lowest marks for cabin-crew service . The airline was also ranked lowest in 2007 , when the last Consumer Reports airline rankings were released . A US Airways spokesman questioned the methodology of the Consumer Reports survey and pointed out a 70 percent improvement in baggage delivery since 2007 . The airline scored a 61 out of 100 in overall satisfaction on the Consumer Reports scale . Scores above 60 mean those surveyed were "  fairly well satisfied , " according to the ratings guide . Southwest Airlines topped the rankings for overall satisfaction , with JetBlue Airways coming in second in the survey of nearly 15,000 passengers . JetBlue and Southwest also scored highest in seat comfort . The remaining eight of the 10 airlines scored low marks for comfort . Baggage handling , check-in ease , cleanliness and in-flight entertainment were some of the other factors rated . The passengers shared their experiences from a collective 29,720 domestic flights from January 2010 to January 2011 . Southwest and JetBlue battled to top each other . While JetBlue was the only airline to outscore Southwest in seat comfort , Southwest was rated the ultimate for check-in ease and cabin-crew service . JetBlue topped the in-flight entertainment ratings , with 36 channels available on each seatback screen . These survey results were compiled before cracks were discovered in some of Southwest Airlines ' planes . The pileup of added fees during or after check-in is contributing to many travelers ' decisions to fly less , according to the survey . Of the respondents who said they 've cut back on flying , 40 percent cited fees as the major reason . While most Southwest Airlines travelers -- 93 percent -- managed to avoid extra fees , passengers flying with Continental Airlines , JetBlue , Delta Airlines , American Airlines , United Airlines , US Airways , Alaska Airlines and Frontier Airlines had to pay fees . AirTran 's multiple fees were rated the worst .	A new Consumer Reports survey shows air travelers want cheap , comfortable flights US Airways received the lowest ratings overall Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways received top marks in overall satisfaction Fees are a big factor in travelers ' decisions to fly less
CNN  -- One day , Kari Ianuale had had enough . The Nazareth , Pennsylvania , resident was embarrassed to discover that her size 24 pants no longer fit . "  I refused to go up yet another size , " she said . In July 2011 , Ianuale officially began her weight loss journey , and what a journey it has been : In just over three years , she has lost a staggering amount of weight . "  People are floored when they see me , " Ianuale said . "  They all say I do n't even look like the same person . " At her heaviest , Ianuale weighed 301 pounds . At 5-foot-10 , that made her body mass index 43 -- clinically , extremely obese . Today , she weighs a healthy 156 pounds . "  I was embarrassed by the way I looked , " she admitted . "  When my husband introduced me to people I felt bad because I was n't that pretty or thin of a wife , even though he loves me for who I am and did n't care what I looked like . "  I always thought people were judging me , especially when I would walk into places . " So how did she lose 145 pounds ? And would her secrets work for you ? Secret # 1 : Cut your portion sizes She started by cutting back on her portion sizes . "  I always used to eat until I was feeling uncomfortably full , " she said . "  I just lessened my portions to normal consumption , " paying attention to labels but not counting calories . Secret # 2 : Start slowly , then build She did n't go to the gym at first ; she started at home on the exercise bike and elliptical . She started working out 20 to 30 minutes , six days a week . "  I was losing 20 pounds a month in the beginning , " she said . "  As I had less and less to lose , it got harder . " So she upped her game . She signed up for a local gym and began strength training . "  My goal was to lose half , " said Ianuale . "  I almost made it there . So now it 's basically maintaining . I 'll go up or down a few . I 've put on a lot of muscle weightlifting at the gym . " She plans to stay around 155 to 160 pounds . Secret # 3 : Be consistent Today Ianuale goes to the gym six days a week . She runs between 3 and 4 miles a night and does 30 to 40 minutes of weight training . "  I do upper body  work  , then the next night , lower body . " Her husband , Nino , was persuaded to join her at the gym . Also new to exercise , he has since lost 30 pounds . "  She hit the ground running when she decided she 'd finally had enough and has n't looked back since , " he said . "  I had anticipated that she might quit or lighten the load . ... Instead  she  got more intense . It 's really amazing to see her go through her change . " Secret # 4 : Drink 16 ounces of juice Not long ago , Ianuale started using a juice blender , drinking 16 ounces of juice every day , which she says is a major part of her weight-loss program . Her drinks vary , but typically she juices frozen blueberries , lemons , kale , spinach , pineapple , flax seeds , broccoli and carrots . Secret # 5 : Add variety Once she got her food portions under control , she started adding more fruits and vegetables , and protein at dinner . Ianuale stays away from processed foods altogether . "  I do n't eat greasy foods or junk food -- my stomach ca n't handle that anymore , " she said . Secret # 6 : Give yourself one cheat day But she is n't on her diet every day . "  Friday 's my cheat day -- I do n't go overboard with cheating , but that 's my day . " She usually gets a weekly latte and goes out for a nice dinner , still eating somewhat healthy , with a salad or a protein with a vegetable side dish . And the occasional ice cream . After all of this weight loss , Ianuale feels amazing . "  I feel like I can do anything , " she said . "  I have never been this weight or close to it before in my  adult  life . This is not a diet , it 's a life change . This is my new lifestyle and I will never go back . "	Kari Ianuale lost 145 pounds in three years She began exercising at home and cutting portions As her diet and exercise intensified , she shed more pounds
CNN  -- Barcelona left it late before struggling to a 2-1 victory at home to Malaga on Saturday night that restored the defending Spanish champions to the top of the table . Rivals Real Madrid had climbed to the summit with a 5-1 thrashing of Tenerife earlier in the evening , but the Catalan giants ended round 24 two points clear thanks to a late winner from world player of the year Lionel Messi . The Argentina forward slotted home from close range in the 84th minute after a superb diagonal pass from Xavi allowed fullback Daniel Alves to provide a precise low cross . Mid-table Malaga had surprisingly equalized three minutes earlier through substitute Valmiro Valdo as the home side looked like paying for failing to turn their dominance of possession into a handsome lead . The former Real Madrid player netted coolly on the counterattack after a neat one-two at the halfway line sent him clear of the Barca defense . Pep Guardiola 's team had needed 69 minutes to break the deadlock as striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic headed over from Messi 's delicate chip and then the midweek savior had another effort cleared off the line by defender Weligton . Young winner Pedro Rodriguez finally settled the home fans ' nerves when he cut in from the left and curled a right-foot effort in at the near post for his seventh league goal this season . It was morale-boosting win for Guardiola after his team needed to come from behind to draw 1-1 with Stuttgart in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie in Germany on Tuesday . Real Madrid , beaten by Lyon in the Champions League the week before that , followed up last Sunday 's 6-2 thrashing of Villarreal with another goal frenzy on the island of Tenerife . Gonzalo Higuain netted the first two , set up Kaka for the third and also hit the bar in a win that slightly flattered Manuel Pellegrini 's team . Higuain broke the deadlock in the 29th minute and was set free by Marcelo for the second three minutes before halftime , then Tenerife scored a controversial goal a minute after the restart when Ayoze Garcia appeared to head the ball out of the hands of goalkeeper Iker Casillas and into the net . But Brazil star Kaka ran onto Higuain 's clever pass to restore Real 's two-goal lead two minutes later , then the Argentine lobbed a shot onto the Tenerife crossbar . Portugal forward Cristiano Ronaldo made it 4-1 from the penalty spot with 11 minutes to play after Rafael Van der Vaart 's cross hit the hand of unlucky defender Ezequiel Luna . Dutch midfielder Van der Vaart also laid on the fifth goal in the second minute of time added on as substitute Raul netted the 322nd goal of his long career . In Sunday 's games , third-placed Valencia travel to Atletico Madrid and fourth-placed Sevilla host Athletic Bilbao . In Germany , leaders Bayer Leverkusen set a new Bundesliga record of 24 matches undefeated following Saturday 's frustrating 0-0 draw at home to Rhine rivals Cologne . Leverkusen moved one point clear of Bayern Munich , who can take top spot with victory at home to fourth-placed Hamburg on Sunday . Werder Bremen maintained sixth place with a 2-1 win at Mainz , Stuttgart beat Eintracht Frankfurt by the same score thanks to a first-half double from Cacau and Hoffenheim won 2-0 at bottom club Hertha Berlin . In Italy , 10th-placed Fiorentina snatched a 1-1 draw at struggling Lazio as on-loan striker Keirrison scored his first goal in Serie A in time added on to cancel out Sebastiano Siviglia 's seventh-minute opener . Catania moved above Lazio into 15th place with a 4-0 victory at home to Bari , who stayed in 12th . Italian leaders Inter Milan travel to Udinese on Sunday , while second-placed city rivals AC Milan host Atalanta .	Barcelona struggle to a 2-1 victory at home to Malaga to return to top of Spanish table Lionel Messi 's late winner puts Catalans two points clear of second-placed Real Madrid Real had briefly taken top spot with 5-1 victory away to Tenerife earlier on Saturday German leaders Bayer Leverkusen set Bundesliga record of 24 league games unbeaten
Washington  CNN  -- The ski-masked creator of the satirical Twittter account @BPGlobalPR provided the comic highlight of the TEDx OilSpill conference on Monday , prancing around the stage and reeling off one fake BP company slogan after another . A New Orleans , Louisiana , environmental activist provided one of the saddest moments when she recalled losing the most important person in her life at 17 when her father was one of 91 men who died in an oil drilling accident off Thailand . And a conservationist provided one of the most powerful moments when he drew a connection between government regulators failing to require safer drilling practices to decades of deregulation . Carl Safina of the Blue Ocean Institute said , "  The oil blowout , the bank bailout , mortgage crisis , all these things are absolutely symptoms of same issue ... we still need police to protect us from a few bad people ... for the last 30 years , we 've had a culture of deregulation caused directly by people we need to be protected from buying the government out from under us . " He was called back on stage to take a bow . TEDx conferences are independently organized events , licensed by TED , a nonprofit dedicated to the theme of "  ideas worth spreading . " Watch TEDTalks on saving the oceans Throughout the one-day session in Washington 's Woolly Mammoth Theatre , the flip sides of the crisis were invoked : What we can see -- stained beaches and boats , dizzying patterns of iridescent sheens on the Gulf 's surface , birds drenched in petroleum , miles of boom , some of it hopelessly tangled or unable to prevent oil from drifting into vital marshland . And what we mostly can not see -- beneath the surface , huge quantities of oil and chemical dispersant that , speakers said , threaten to dramatically harm the undersea world . Along with the news that the X Prize foundation would offer a multimillion dollar award for a solution to cleaning up the oil disaster , the speakers shared devastating portraits of the risks and damage as well as hope for the long-term survival of the Gulf . Here are seven views of the crisis as described at the conference . Casey DeMoss Roberts Roberts , of the Gulf Restoration Network , sketched the ways in which the oil industry has become embedded in Gulf communities that once relied only on fishing for their livelihood . In one example she cited : The shrimp festival in Morgan City , Louisiana , was renamed the "  Shrimp and Petroleum festival " in 1960 . She recalled her father 's death in an offshore oil accident in Asia and contrasted the precautionary principle used in drug regulation , where products are tested for safety before they 're marketed , to the oil industry , where she said safety precautions are too often instituted only after an accident . Lisa Margonelli Margonelli is the author of "  Oil on the Brain : Petroleum 's Long Strange Trip to Your Tank " and a fellow of the New America Foundation . She noted that oil spills tend to be "  politically very galvanizing , " with photos of oil-soaked birds drawing an emotional public response . The 1969 Santa Barbara spill , which was a tiny fraction of the size of the BP leak , prompted the modern environmental movement , the Clean Water Act and Clean Air Act , and led to moratoriums on drilling on the East and West coasts . Instead of cutting back on oil consumption , Americans just grew to rely on getting it from other places . Drilling in the Gulf , where there was no moratorium , helped pick up the slack , she said . The U.S. has also "  exported " its oil spills , she said , by encouraging oil development in places such as Nigeria , which has had thousands of spills in the past several decades . She added that the military and political costs of getting oil from the Middle East and other regions of the world still have to be paid for , though it hits people when they pay their taxes , not at the pump . Ronald Atlas Atlas , a microbiologist at the University of Louisville , said while the effects of the leaking oil are partly visible , "  in tragic photos of pelicans , gut-wrenching pictures ... what we do n't see is what 's going on in the world of bacteria . " He said for hundreds of species of bacteria , oil is a food source , and these can contribute to degrading the oil , eventually turning it into inert substances that do n't damage the environment . But he warned that the process will take years and years . "  What we discovered 40 years ago , you could speed up the process by adding fertilizer , and ... you could get the bacteria to grow faster . " That research was applied in Alaska , with the result that over a period of years , more of the oil was consumed , Atlas said . He said that by 2001 , NOAA found that 99.6 percent of the oil had disappeared from Prince William Sound , 13 years after the Exxon Valdez disaster . David Gallo Gallo , an oceanographer at the Woods Hole Institution , has used submersibles and robotic vehicles to map the undersea world and is working with other experts and "  Avatar " director James Cameron on ideas to stop the leak . He recalled his early days thinking about a career in studying the sea : "  I knew there were sharks and whales and French guys in Speedos swimming around , but I did n't know that most of the ocean had n't been explored . The seas cover 70 percent of the Earth 's surface to an average depth of two miles . "  We 've only explored about 5 percent of the world beneath the sea . ... The floor of the ocean , that 's a world that has the world 's greatest mountain range , it 's got thousands of valleys deeper than the Grand Canyon , underwater rivers , underwater lakes , and most importantly in a world where we thought there should be no life at all , there 's more life in that world than in a tropical rainforest in terms of diversity and density . We do n't how it works , especially a mile deep . " Sylvia Earle Earle is an explorer who has led more than 50 expeditions , logging more than 6,000 hours underwater . She described her campaign , enabled by the 2009 TED Prize , to build awareness and support for creating "  hope spots , " protected areas in the oceans to preserve sea creatures . She showed videos of whale sharks being tagged in the Gulf a week ago . She feared they could be affected by the spill because of their habit of feeding by skimming the surface of the water . Earle said she believes the toxic pollutants released into the Gulf will eventually be swept into the Gulf Stream , threatening the Sargasso Sea , a favorite feeding place for the whale shark . "  We need to embrace those places that remain within the Gulf system . We think about restitution for the fishermen , for the hotel owners , but we need to think about giving back to the Gulf of Mexico itself , which supports all this life . ... We are all sea creatures , the ocean is home for all of us . " Watch Sylvia Earle 's TED Prize talk Carl Safina Safina , of the Blue Ocean Institute , got emotional when he told a story about a bottlenose dolphin splattering oil out its blowhole and seeming to seek help as it followed a fishing boat in the Gulf . He pointed to deficiencies in the cleanup process , saying the use of chemicals to disperse the oil is a strategy to limit the visibility of the leak for public relations purposes , even though the dispersants may be toxic . Booms wo n't stop the oil in open water ; protecting birds ' breeding sites is self-defeating since birds fly to other parts of the Gulf to swoop down and catch fish , and even cleaning birds can prove useless if they return to the oil-fouled waters , he said . Ultimately , he said , it 's "  not a surprise that if you make 30,000 holes in the Gulf of Mexico , oil would start coming out of one of them . " "  Leroy Stick " Stick is the humorist behind @BPGlobalPR , which has more than 179,000 followers on Twitter . Not only did Stick keep his ski mask on to keep his identity a secret , but he even posed for a time on stage as another fake character , "  Terry . " "  Terry " is a BP public relations official who said "  we 're sorry , we 're not accepting blame for whatever it is you 're mad at us for . " He said he wanted to focus on the positive , not the negative , and introduced BP 's Atlantis Rig , which at 7,000 feet is deeper than the Deepwater Horizon rig was . "  Is it safe ? We did n't ask engineers , " but showed a fake text message asking federal officials for permission to drill it . The phony reply , also a text message : "  Whatever . " "  If I took off this mask , you would be incredibly underwhelmed , I 'm just a guy that had an idea and I ran with it . I realized I had a tool to engage people thru humor . " Then he got serious : "  If you think the status quo is unacceptable , then do n't accept it . Shake things up . "	One-day TEDx OilSpill conference in Washington provided many perspectives on oil crisis Experts say much is still unknown about effects of oil , dispersant underwater Gulf activist describes father 's death in Asian oil drilling accident Creator of fake BP public relations Twitter account performs wearing a mask
CNN  -- Former Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick walked out of prison a free man Tuesday after serving just over 14 months of a 5-year sentence at a state facility in Jackson , Michigan . Kilpatrick had been serving time for violating probation related to a 2008 case against him . The former mayor walked out of the prison and got into a waiting SUV early Tuesday . He was given "  a small amount of cash from the cashier 's office " upon his release , said John Cordell , spokesman for the Michigan Department of Corrections . Kilpatrick was expected to board a flight to Dallas , where he was to be reunited with his family . He is to check in with a Texas parole officer on his arrival , and he must serve two years of parole , Cordell said . The former mayor pleaded guilty in September 2008 to two felony counts of obstruction of justice stemming from his efforts to cover up an extramarital affair . He also pleaded no contest to charges of assaulting a police officer who was attempting to serve a subpoena on a Kilpatrick friend in that case . He then spent more than three months in jail before being released in February 2009 on five years of probation . He was also ordered to pay restitution as part of his original plea deal . But on May 25 , 2010 , Wayne County Judge David Groner sentenced Kilpatrick to five years in prison for failing to report assets that could be used to pay the restitution , a violation of his probation . Kilpatrick will be subject to usual restrictions for parolees , plus an order to pay back what his lawyer called $ 860,000 in restitution . But even if he abides by all these conditions , the former mayor 's troubles are not over . He also faces a host of federal charges related to his time as Detroit 's chief executive , including racketeering , extortion , bribery and filing false tax returns . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Kilpatrick is expected to fly to Texas to be reunited with his family He was sentenced for violating probation related to his cover-up of an affair Kilpatrick also faces numerous federal charges related to his time as mayor He will be required to pay back $ 860,000 in restitution
CNN  -- "  Oh , look at all the swans , " she said . I was driving my daughter to her boyfriend 's house . About 20 mute swans were floating in the shallows near the shore of Conscience Bay in the Long Island Sound . I wondered whether , in all good conscience , I should ruin my daughter 's swan swoon . "  Take a good look at them , " I said , "  because the state plans to exterminate them . " "  What ? " she looked stricken . "  All the swans in the whole bay ? " "  All the mute swans in the whole state , " I said . "  WHY ? " she demanded . "  They 're my favorite bird . " "  The reason is , they 're not native . They come from Europe . And they eat a lot of vegetation . And they 're territorial , so they give some native ducks and geese a hard time . Also , during breeding season , they hiss and bluff , and that scares some people . " "  Those are stupid reasons , " she said , demanding to know who is planning to kill them . I told her it 's the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation . "  You ca n't be serious . The department of conservation is going to kill all of my favorite birds ? " She was silent for a moment and then brightened and asked , "  Are you fooling me ? " "  Not fooling . Why are they your favorite ? " "  Well , because , I mean , they 're monogamous -- " Lots of birds , actually , are monogamous . And lots of monogamous birds color outside the lines . I kept silent , like the mute swans , on this point . We were , after all , going to her boyfriend 's house , and monogamy is something I support . " -- and they 're , y' know , I mean look at how graceful they look out there . And , like , they start out ugly and then grow up to be so beautiful . It 's the whole ugly duckling thing . I mean , I do n't have any substantial reasons ; they 're just my favorite . " I have favorite birds too , and I do n't have any better reasons for why my favorites are my favorites . Alexandra kept staring at the swans . "  You should write something about this , " she said . "  I should do a lot of things , " I reminded both of us . I kind of agree with the department 's main reason for exterminating New York state 's resident mute swans  by the way , that 's the species ' name , because they 're usually silent  . Non-native species often pose problems . I just have two problems with the plan . One , I do n't think mute swans are really too much of a threat to anything or anyone in New York state . They live mainly on Long Island and the lower Hudson , with a few on the Great Lakes . They number just around 2,200 birds , total , in the whole state . Not exactly a plague . The state says that mute swans are a problem for native waterfowl . I see native waterfowl , and their ducklings and goslings , on many of the same ponds where I see swans . Native waterfowl , by the way , that the state permits hunters to kill . Here 's what hunters in New York state are allowed : "  The daily limit of 6 ducks includes all species of mergansers , and may include 4 mallards  no more than 2 of which may be hens  , 1 black duck , 3 wood ducks , 2 pintail , 2 redheads , 2 scaup , 2 canvasback , 4 scoters or 2 hooded mergansers . " I 'd like to know whether any mute swans kill six ducks per day or even per year . Mute swans have no direct interactions with most sea ducks -- I do n't even think they compete for food -- but hunters have a "  daily limit of 7 sea ducks  scoters , eiders and long-tailed ducks  in addition to the regular duck bag in coastal waters of the Long Island Zone only . " Note italics in the state regulations : Hunters may kill extra sea ducks only if they happen to be hunting in the part of the state where the sea is . Clever . So who and what is the greater problem ? And is there really a problem ? Mute swans are territorial , and as near as I can tell , their own territoriality seems , in my casual observations , self-limiting . On the ponds I know , there 's usually just one nesting pair . I think they themselves keep it that way by preventing other swans from nesting . The state claims that their numbers are increasing . Assuming that 's true , and assuming that 's a problem , why not reduce their numbers by letting hunters shoot the swans that are purportedly causing the problem for native ducks , instead of shooting native ducks ? I know , of course , that such logic is dead on arrival , but I 'm just sayin ' . So around Long Island where mute swans are such a problem for ducks , the lucky hunter can kill a baker 's dozen of ducks daily . I am getting a mental image of a lineup of people who 've killed too many ducks , with a mute swan standing among them . Hmm ; who 's the culprit ? By the way , sea ducks taste terrible to most people , and I 've seen hunters kill them , collect them and throw them in the bushes . Often , they just shoot them and let them drift away on the tide . But to hear the state 's explanation , you 'd think that the problem for ducks is : mute swans . The only other problem I have with the plan to exterminate the swans is , that is a very stupid idea . I mean that in the most supportive sense of the word , "  stupid . " For a public agency that needs public trust and support to attack birds with which people feel a symbolic bond is unwise . Here 's what I learned a long time ago by watching a venerable old conservation organization tear itself in half over an attempt to replace its much-loved generations-old logo : Never attack symbols unless you 're sure you are right , you know you can win and you do n't care about creating permanent enmity and resentment and alienating a lot of people . The reason mute swans were brought here from Europe is , people really like them . People like them because they look beautiful , and they look beautiful because people can actually see them . We are surrounded by literally hundreds of species of native birds , many of them absolutely stunning , that people ca n't see because they are too hidden , too small , you need binoculars , they 're in the treetops or you have to get out of your car . "  To speak truly , " Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote , "  few adult persons can see nature . Most persons do not see the sun . " For them , there 's mute swans . It 's a start . Non-native animals are often a terrible problem for native wildlife . But not always  honey bees come to mind  . There 's little that can be done about zebra mussels , starlings , Japanese barberry and most invasive aliens . Yet before we exterminate the ones we can truly bully , let 's be sure they 're really a problem . And let 's be sure that utter extermination is really the best goal . Or else , like the mute swan itself , let us hold our peace . Comments on the draft mute swan plan may be submitted today to the NYSDEC Bureau of Wildlife , Swan Management Plan , 625 Broadway , Albany , NY 12233-4754 or by e-mail to : fwwildlf@gw.dec.state.ny.us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carl Safina .	New York 's state environmental agency drafted a plan to exterminate mute swans Carl Safina : If swans are problem for native ducks , let hunters shoot them He says mute swans are not a serious threat ; they 're symbolic , beautiful and well-liked Safina : Exterminating the swans is a dumb idea ; you can voice your opinion to the state
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama called Thursday for high-level talks with Republicans to work out a compromise on health care legislation , then putting the resulting bill to a vote in Congress . "  If Congress decides we 're not going to do it , even after all the facts are laid out , after all the options are clear , then the American people can make a judgment as to whether this Congress has done the right thing for them or not , " Obama said . "  That 's how democracy works . " Obama 's comments were the first clear signal from the White House or Democrats in Congress on how they would proceed on a top legislative priority after losing their 60-seat super-majority in the Senate . Republican Scott Brown was sworn in as the new U.S. senator from Massachusetts earlier Thursday , leaving the Democrats one vote shy of being able to overcome GOP filibusters of health care reform and other major initiatives . Asked at a party fund-raising event about the Democratic strategy for health care reform going forward , Obama said Democratic leaders in the House and Senate were working out differences in the separate health care bills passed by each chamber last year . Once that was finished , Obama said , the next step would be "  to call on our Republican friends to present their ideas . " "  What I 'd like to do is to have a meeting whereby I 'm sitting with the Republicans , sitting with the Democrats , sitting with health care experts , and let 's just go through these bills -- their ideas , our ideas -- and walk through them and in a methodical way so that the American people can see and compare , " Obama said . "  And then I think we 've got to go ahead and move forward on a vote , " he added . "  We 've got to move forward on a vote . " A White House official acknowledged later Thursday that this was new language from Obama to offer a possible scenario for health care talks to move forward . However , the official stressed it was "  not a new strategy " for the White House to coalesce behind , and aides were still mulling various options to complete action on health care legislation . Democrat leaders in Congress have struggled to come up with a consensus strategy since the party lost its super-majority in the Senate . Republicans have unanimously opposed the health care bills so far , meaning Democrats would be unable to pass a bill through the Senate because of a certain GOP filibuster . Brown , now the 41st Republican senator to give the GOP its unstoppable filibuster ability , said Thursday after his swearing-in that Congress should start over on the health care issue instead of continuing to work on existing proposals . Republicans complain the comprehensive Democratic health care bills would lead to a government takeover of health care . They call for smaller steps focused on individual issues , such as limiting medical malpractice lawsuits . Democrats , however , say that spiraling health care costs that threaten the nation 's future economic stability can only be addressed through comprehensive reform . Obama said Thursday the Democratic bill that will emerge from the House-Senate talks on joining their two proposals would expand coverage to at least 30 million Americans who lack health insurance while reducing long-term health care costs . The measure would include an insurance exchange to allow people and small business owners to pool together to purchase coverage , Obama said , but he made no mention of a government-run public health insurance option that Republicans have rallied against . Obama said the Democratic bill would include reforms that prevent insurance companies from denying coverage for pre-existing medical conditions or capping lifetime benefits . "  And by the way , all of it is paid for , " Obama said . "  Not only is it deficit-neutral , but the Congressional Budget Office , which is the bipartisan office that is the scorekeeper for much things cost in Congress , says it is going to reduce the costs by $ 1 trillion . " Obama called health care reform the "  single best way to bring down our deficits , " adding "  nobody has disputed that . " "  Nobody can dispute the fact that if we do n't tackle surging health care costs , then we ca n't control our budget , " he said . While Democrats from both chambers have been working together to merge their two bills , alternative strategies also have been discussed . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said this week that the chamber would vote next week on one provision of its health care bill , which would drop the current anti-trust exemption for the insurance industry that allows practices such as market allocation . The Senate bill would maintain the anti-trust exemption , so it was unclear whether the House 's limited first step would win approval there . However , Democratic aides have said that House Democrats want to keep momentum on health care going in coming weeks . CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this story .	Obama : Democratic leaders in House , Senate working out differences in two bills After that , president wants Republicans to present their ideas It 's first clear signal from Democrats how they want to proceed after Senate seat loss Sen. Scott Brown of Massachusetts gives GOP 41 senators , enough to filibuster Senate bill
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The disgraced politician at the center of China 's biggest political scandal in years has been linked to a criminal act for the first time since he was removed from office , the state-run Xinhua news agency has reported . Bo Xilai , who was head of the Communist Party in the southwestern city of Chongqing and once seen as a future president , was reportedly warned by his former right-hand man that his wife was suspected of murder . The revelation came during this week 's trial of Wang Lijun , Bo 's former police chief and vice mayor in Chongqing . In the first official account of the two-day hearing , the court was told that Wang was "  angrily rebuked " and slapped on the face by Bo -- who the report referred to as the major official in charge of Chongqing 's municipal party committee -- when he revealed his suspicions , Xinhua said . Former Chinese police chief charged Wang was on trial charged with abuse of power , defection and bribe-taking . The case , which precipitated Bo 's downfall , began after Wang arrived at the U.S. consulate in the nearby city of Chengdu one evening in February in an apparent asylum attempt . During a frenzied 24 hours , he reportedly revealed to U.S. officials a jaw-dropping tale of corruption and murder involving his boss . Wang was later collected by central government authorities and disappeared from the public eye . Timeline : Bo Xilai 's fall from grace According to Thursday 's Xinhua report , Guo Weiguo , a former high-ranking police official , heard the exchange between the two men on January 28 this year . He told police : "  Once Wang was slapped , the hostility between Wang and Bo came out into the open . " Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , was found guilty of murder in the death of a British businessman Neil Heywood last month . Chinese authorities reported that Gu and her son had "  conflicts " with Heywood "  over economic interests . " Gu Kailai avoids death penalty Prosecutors at his trial allege Wang knew Gu was involved in the murder of Heywood last November but covered up for her . But this relationship became increasingly strained as Wang became concerned by the number of people who became aware of the murder case . In his confession , Wang described how Gu became hostile "  and began to guard herself against me , " Xinhua said . Bo had been an influential and controversial member of the Communist Party 's politburo , the elite group of 25 men who run China . Appointed to the top job in Chongqing in 2007 , Wang was assigned to lead his crime-fighting program . Under Wang , the "  da hei " or smash black campaign reportedly caught nearly 3,000 criminal groups and detained thousands of suspects . It also led to the execution of notorious figures in the city 's underworld . Bo Xilai : From rising star to scandal The crackdown , along with economic reforms in the city of more than 30 million , helped burnish the political credentials of Bo , who aspired for a spot in the Party 's Standing Committee of the Politburo , a nine-member body that effectively rules China . But Wang 's heavy-handed , crime-busting methods were decried as brutal by critics . Bo 's red-tinged economic policies -- which have included millions spent on social housing -- garnered him a rock star status in Chongqing but in Beijing , some party chiefs were taking a different view . His populist policies and high-profile personal style were seen as a challenge to the economically liberal and reform-oriented faction within the Chinese Communist Party  CCP  . The political divisions came to a boil in March when China 's national legislature convened its annual meeting in Beijing . Speaking to reporters on March 9 on the sidelines of a panel discussion of Chongqing delegates , Bo defended his policies . "  Ask any citizen on the street if they support fighting corruption and they 'll say ` yes ' , " he boomed . Addressing the rich-poor divide , he said : " If only a few people are rich then we are capitalists , we 've failed . " That may have been Bo 's last stand . On March 14 , Premier Wen Jiabao obliquely reprimanded Chongqing 's leadership over the Wang incident during the premier 's annual press conference . Wen also referred to the damage wrought by the Cultural Revolution -- a reference that alluded to Bo 's red revival in Chongqing -- and said that the city 's stellar double-digit economic performance had been the fruits of several administrations and not just Bo 's work alone . The following day , Bo was sacked and stripped of his political office due to an unspecified "  serious breach of party regulations . " The Party still has n't revealed what those regulations are . But until the trial of Wang , there had been no suggestion Bo had been aware of his wife 's actions before her arrest and conviction for murder . CNN 's Steven Jiang , Jaime FlorCruz and Dayu Zhang contributed to this report .	Bo Xilai 's former right-hand man said he warned his boss his wife was a murder suspect Wang Lijun was stranding trial for abuse of power , defection and bribe-taking Wang is also accused of covering up for Gu Kailai , who was convicted of murder Gu was jailed in August for the murder of British businessman Neil Heywood last year
CNN  -- During the past six seasons of the television show "  Mad Men , " audiences and fashion designers alike have obsessed over the cast 's retro wardrobe . So has Linda Przybyszewski , a University of Notre Dame history professor and the author of the upcoming book , "  The Lost Art of Dress : The Women Who Once Made America Stylish . " The 1960s , the decade that "  Mad Men " has inhabited thus far , was a time of tremendous upheaval that challenged the principles of the past -- and the fashions , she said . As women and African-Americans fought for social equality and men struggled to normalize their home and work lives , everyone 's clothing changed . What the late '60s really looked like We asked Przybyszewski to weigh in on how the "  Mad Men " wardrobe evolved , and clue us in to what those shifts said about the time . Fans do n't yet know in what years the show 's final season will take place , but count on some bold , colorful changes . After all , at the start there were "  four guys essentially wearing identical suits , and now we have four guys each one of them with distinctive facial hair , color , cut , garment , " she said . "  That 's what the '60s did . "	The wardrobe of "  Mad Men " has changed dramatically over six seasons The social upheaval of the 1960s played out in the clothes people wore Linda Przybyszewski 's book , "  The Lost Art of Dress " comes out in May
CNN  -- Join me in a thought experiment . Take two individuals , A and B . A is a naturally gifted professional immersed in a hyper-competitive field where performance is publicly scrutinized and frequently re-evaluated . Continuous pressure makes A seek any advantage to excel . He takes medications to gain a physical advantage over competitors while risking chronic health problems . B is a talented and motivated employee who has made innumerable sacrifices to get ahead at work . She is stressed by the knowledge that her productivity is always being analyzed and feels pressured to use any possible advantage to be the best . She takes a medication that makes her mentally sharper but could endanger her health . A is maligned baseball star Alex Rodriguez . B is your co-worker with the newly acquired job title who seems to work 90 hours per week , escaping fatigue by inexplicable means . Opinion : How A-Rod let us down Is there really a significant difference between A and B , other than how much A has been publicly criticized ? Not really . Their actions stem from the same premise : In competitive professional environments , winners do whatever is necessary to triumph . Your new VP may lack A-Rod 's bulk and salary , but they share a common style . Rodriguez was recently suspended for 211 games for an alleged connection to a Florida clinic that has been accused of supplying professional athletes with performance-enhancing drugs . Even casual fans realize this action is the equivalent of a guilty verdict for doping . Your enthusiastically efficient , work-obsessed colleague with the new job title and beautifully renovated office down the hall shares a similar philosophy as athletes accused of doping : Take advantage of any available mechanism to succeed . Consequently , Person B pursues the controversial advantage conferred by "  neuroenhancement " medications . In theory , these act as steroids for the mind . They include mixed amphetamine salts and other medications approved to treat attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder , or ADHD . Whether or not the medications objectively enhance cognitive performance is still under investigation . There are theorized risks of increased rates of hypertension , heart failure and psychosis with their use , but there is no definitive evidence that the use of neuroenhancement medications imposes these risks . Nonetheless , some researchers are documenting that U.S. college students and professionals are increasingly using neuroenhancement medications for "  nonprescription use , " which may include the use of the medication in healthy adults seeking a cognitive advantage . As contentious as the research on neuroenhancement may be , there is even less controlled research looking at the objective results and adverse effects of performance-enhancing drugs in athletics . Regardless of the outcomes that these medications achieve , the motivations of their consumers are the same . Whether doping for physical or cognitive enhancement , both parties are using medications with indeterminate efficacy and risk to obtain an advantage . The only difference is the level of regulation and scrutiny of the abusers and who is more likely to be punished for the abuse . Fear of public shaming and prosecution should not drive decision-making when it comes to the illegal use of performance-enhancing drugs . A-Rod has a large number of critics ; at least one of them must have tried neuroenhancement to dominate in the office . This person may label A-Rod as a "  doper " and question the validity of his achievements without acknowledging that his or her motivations may stem from similar desires . Fans who are critical of athletes need to apply the same standards to themselves and to the people in their lives . A pharmacologically derived professional advantage in the office should not be seen as more appropriate than a similar advantage gained in a stadium . A-Rod could potentially sit for hundreds of games as a consequence of the accusations against him . Maybe your new VP should forfeit that fancy new office for 211 days to maintain a moral norm . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bryan Moore .	Bryan Moore : People who take neuroenhancement drugs to be sharper similar to A-Rod case Moore says some may take mixed amphetamine salts , used to treat ADHD , to gain advantage He says these medications may carry health risks but wo n't get high achievers fired at work Moore : Perhaps professionals should face same scrutiny as athletes such as A-Rod
CNN  -- "  Like a square peg going into a round hole . " That 's how Mark John , an Idaho man who spotted and helped lead authorities to James DiMaggio and 16-year-old Hannah Anderson , described the pair . DiMaggio is now dead , shot and killed by an FBI agent in the Idaho wilderness . He was suspected in the slayings of Hannah 's mother and brother in California and in the girl 's kidnapping . "  They were just like a square peg going into a round hole . They did n't fit . He might have been an outdoorsman in California , but he was not an outdoorsman in Idaho , " John told reporters Sunday . "  He just did n't fit . " John , his wife , Christa , and another couple , Mike and Mary Young , were out on horseback when they happened upon DiMaggio and Hannah on Wednesday twice , once on a trail and once at a lake . Red flags went up immediately . All their gear looked brand new , said John . They had no rain equipment . Another flag , said Mike Young , was that DiMaggio said he was headed for the Salmon River , but was going in the wrong direction . Hannah hid her face and looked kind of scared , he said . Young and the others thought that maybe their horses had frightened her . She and DiMaggio were hiking . He had a backpack . She was wearing what looked like either sweatpants or pajamas , Young said . He noticed they had a two-man tent set up in a ridge . Another red flag . The camping spot had no water , and a tent on a ridge would act like a "  lightning rod , " Young said . "  Usually when you meet people in the back country , you have a pretty good encounter , you know , and talk about where they 've been and where they 're going . But they did n't want to talk , " he told reporters . After their group passed DiMaggio and Hannah , he turned to the others and said he thought something was n't right . "  Just kind of a gut feeling , you know , like they did n't belong , " said Young . ` One chance in a trillion ' Their group ran into DiMaggio and Hannah later at a lake . The girl was soaking her feet in the water , and DiMaggio was off to the side petting a gray cat , said John . Just as he and the others were getting ready to go , Hannah said something that made little sense at the time . "  She said , ` Looks like we 're all in trouble now , ' or ` We 're in real trouble now , ' " said John . "  I thought it extremely strange . " No one in his group was aware of the massive manhunt under way . Hannah had been missing since August 3 . The bodies of her mother , Christina Anderson , and 8-year-old brother , Ethan , were found one day later in DiMaggio 's burned house in San Diego County , California . But eventually , John , a former county sheriff and retired Army officer , called police . After he and his wife got home Thursday , he turned on the television and saw an Amber Alert for Hannah . She looked like the girl they 'd just seen . "  For us to be there at the precise time to interact with them -- it 's one chance in a trillion , " Christa John said . Her husband 's call set off a series of events that ended late Saturday in DiMaggio 's death and Hannah 's rescue . Hundreds of law enforcement agents scoured 300 square miles of rough terrain , hampered by the smoke from nearby wildfires . They spotted the pair 's campsite near Morehead Lake , Idaho . The topography was so steep that helicopters had to drop authorities off far away from the camp . Hostage rescue teams hiked more than two hours to get to the scene . Authorities ushered Hannah to an area where a helicopter could whisk her away . At some point , a "  confrontation " ensued between authorities and DiMaggio , San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore said . An FBI tactical agent shot and killed the murder and kidnapping suspect . Andrea Dearden , spokeswoman for Idaho 's Ada County sheriff 's office , praised the horseback riders Sunday , hailing their contribution to the case as critical . "  It was because of their tip to law enforcement ... that we knew where to go , and we knew where to look , " she said . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's one chance in a trillion , " says one rider Two couples came across James DiMaggio and 16-year-old Hannah Anderson Their tip to authorities ended a frantic , weeklong manhunt "  Just kind of a gut feeling , " says another rider
CNN  -- These are tough times for hard-working families . Too many Americans are either unemployed or underemployed . Families are juggling bills they ca n't pay . Many believe they are working harder but only falling farther and farther behind . Worse yet , some Americans have given up looking for work altogether . According to the June unemployment report , the number of Americans actively searching for a job is at a three-decade low . Of those who found a job , nearly one in three had to settle for part-time work . So , it may be surprising to learn that more than 4.5 million open jobs went unfilled the month before . Although several factors contributed to these numbers , in this weak economy , many Americans are not equipped with the necessary knowledge and training for high-demand careers in the changing 21st century job market . Fifty-two percent of adults have not been trained with the literacy skills needed for success in the workforce . And two-thirds of Americans with disabilities do not participate in the workforce at all . The status quo is n't working . There are more than 50 workforce development programs spread across nine federal agencies meant to help people find meaningful employment . These programs are well intended , but unfortunately , even with a price tag of nearly $ 18 billion each year to taxpayers , very few have been evaluated to determine if the programs even work . Simply put : Our nation 's job training system is overly complex and terribly failing those who need it most . That 's why we are proud to support the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act  H.R. 803  which renews our nation 's workforce training laws for the first time in more than a decade . This overwhelmingly bipartisan bill , which passed the House earlier this week , will improve our nation 's workforce development system , improve job opportunities for the underemployed , and , most importantly , help put millions of unemployed Americans back to work . In this stagnant economy , it is more important than ever that we create a system to prepare workers for 21st century jobs and help businesses find the skilled employees needed to grow a healthy economy . The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act improves the workforce development system by eliminating 15 duplicative programs , empowering local boards to tailor training services to their region 's specific needs , and supporting access to real-world education and development through on-the-job training . This bipartisan bill also aligns workforce development programs with economic development and education initiatives . Furthermore , it lets businesses identify in-demand skills and connect workers with the opportunities to build those skills . By demanding more effective and more accountable government programs , the act will reform the workforce development system in a way that will provide real results to those searching for jobs at a lower cost to taxpayers . The bill is a great example of what Congress can accomplish when both sides come to the table to work toward the common good . While it took a more than a year for the Senate to get on board , once implemented , the act will help Americans -- from recent college graduates to veterans to dads looking for work since the recession began -- find good-paying jobs that build a foundation for easier lives and more opportunities . So , what 's next ? The bill is headed to the President 's desk because Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid chose to finally work with Republicans . We hope he will do the same with dozens of other jobs bills collecting dust in the United States Senate . After all , while this legislation is a step in the right direction , there is much more work to do to build a healthy economy . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Rep. Luke Messer , 11 other GOP members back Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act The act , they say , hopes to update job training laws and put millions back to work They say there are already more than 50 programs costing $ 18 billion each year The bill will eliminate 15 programs seen as duplicative and retool training needs locally
CNN  -- Syrian security forces unleashed a deadly push on a prominent university to clamp down Thursday on student dissent , the opposition said . Violence flared at Aleppo University , a sprawling institution in the country 's largest city . It is one of several schools across the country where demonstrators have turned out in recent days to protest government policies . Seven people , including six students , were killed Thursday in the university city area , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . They were among a total of 32 Syrians killed nationwide by security forces , the LCC said . Another opposition group , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , said at least 28 people were wounded and about 200 students were arrested . Soldiers also fired at the hospital where the wounded were taken , leading to more casualties , said Mohammad Hareitan , 25 , a student at the university . It was unclear how many more people were wounded in that attack . The campus website said the school will be closed until final exams start on May 13 "  due to the current situation . " The unrest came as the United Nations continued to try to impose a cease-fire in Syria and organize an observation force to monitor adherence by the regime and the opposition . Can U.N. monitors help forge peace in Syria ? Amateur videos posted on the Internet show demonstrators and burned campus rooms at Aleppo University . Student demonstrators also turned out at Deir Ezzor University , the Daraa branch of Damascus University and other towns . Rafif Jouejati , LCC spokeswoman , said the ferment is a sign that the regime is turning its focus to campus dissenters . "  They have pretty well hammered farmers and villagers . They have targeted many of the professionals , " she said of the regime . "  They are just shifting their attention . " Jouejati said students have been staging protests since the uprising began in March 2011 but now "  more and more university students are coming out as the barrier of fear is eliminated . " The regime , she said , typically has reacted to student demonstrators by surrounding the campus where they have been protesting , arresting a few students and beating them up , she said . Now , they are "  stepping up the brutality " by firing tear gas and live ammunition , she said . At Aleppo , one person died after security tossed him from a window , Jouejati said . "  This has been building up , " Jouejati said . "  For many of these students , it is impossible to be educated and know what 's happening in your country and not stand up and speak . " She said the students taking part in the protests are from all fields of study . "  It 's not just the literature people . It 's the engineering folks . It 's the law students . They are coming out and they are demanding freedom . " She said security forces were targeting anything that might be interpreted as dissent , such as students sitting silently on the ground . The phrase "  Stop the killing ! " assigns no blame , but it too has been targeted , she said . Outrage over the crackdown at Aleppo University emerged in Lebanon . The Syrian Revolution 2011 page on Facebook is reporting that students at the American University of Beirut were holding a demonstration in solidarity with the students in Syria . "  I stand with the students at the University of Aleppo and its martyrs , " a protest flier said . CNN can not independently verify reports of violence and deaths within Syria because the government has restricted access by most of the international media . The reported attacks come despite the presence of the U.N. observers , who have reported cases of cease-fire violations from the government and the opposition . The cease-fire went into effect April 12 and is part of a six-point peace plan negotiated by U.N. and Arab League joint special envoy Kofi Annan . Annan 's plan includes allowing humanitarian groups access to the population , releasing detainees , starting a political dialogue and withdrawing troops from city centers -- a mandate the government has not met , according to the United Nations . The U.N. observer mission is tasked to monitor the cease-fire and the peace plan . Maj. Gen. Robert Mood , head of the mission , said 50 observers were in the country , "  deployed in the provinces of Damascus , Homs , Aleppo , Hama , Idleb and Daraa , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said . A U.N. peacekeeping official in New York said that as of noon ET Thursday , 33 military observers and 27 international civilian staff were in Syria . A total of 300 are expected to be in the country by the end of the month . A U.N. official said this week said both sides have violated the cease-fire . Though the United States seeks an end to all violence , most of the attacks have been by the government forces , said Mark Toner , the U.S. State Department spokesman . "  So far , the Syrian regime has taken , really , almost no steps toward fulfilling the core commitments of the Annan proposal , " he said . Syria 's protests started peacefully in March last year , but a government crackdown spawned violence that has left thousands dead and prompted some military defectors to take up arms against the regime forces . The government has consistently blamed the violence on "  armed terrorists . " The United Nations estimates that at least 9,000 people have died in the conflict while opposition groups put the death toll at more than 11,000 . President Bashar al-Assad 's family has ruled Syria for 42 years . CNN 's Richard Roth , Amir Ahmed and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 32 killed Thursday , opposition says The number of monitors increases to 50 , state media says The regime is shifting its focus to students , the LCC says Students in Beirut hold a protest in support of the Aleppo students
CNN  -- IKEA has recalled eight of its children 's wall-mounted lamps after one toddler died and another was injured , the Consumer Product Safety Commission said Wednesday . In each case , the lamp cord was pulled into the crib by the infant , creating the strangulation hazard . Both incidents took place in Europe . There are eight different models involved in the recall : a blue star , a yellow moon , a pink flower , a white flower , a red heart , green bug , a blue seashell and an orange seahorse . Customers who have one of the lamps should immediately check that the lamp and cord are out of reach of children and contact IKEA customer service to receive a repair kit free of charge , the retailer said . Customers can call IKEA toll-free at 888966-4532 , or online at www.ikea-usa.com . There 's a recall link at the top of the page for more information . CNN 's Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	There are eight versions of the children 's wall-mounted lamps Consumers can get a free repair kit from IKEA The customer service number is : 888-966-4532 It can be reached online at www.ikea-usa.com
CNN  -- The unlikely alchemy of a hard-rock legend and a bluegrass superstar created Grammy gold Sunday night , as Robert Plant and Alison Krauss picked up five awards -- including album and record of the year -- for their work , "  Raising Sand . " Alison Krauss and Robert Plant 's song "  Please Read the Letter " won record of the year . "  Sand " won album of the year honor , while a song from the set , "  Please Read the Letter , " won record of the year . "  I 'm bewildered . In the old days we would have called this selling out . But it 's a good way to spend a Sunday , " said Plant , the legendary Led Zeppelin front man . "  Raising Sand " was produced by T Bone Burnett , whose production and oversight of the "  O Brother , Where Art Thou " soundtrack won three awards -- including album of the year -- in 2002 . For "  Sand , " Burnett selected several songs , mostly obscurities such as Gene Clark 's "  Polly Come Home " and Sam Phillips ' "  Sister Rosetta Goes Before Us , " and let Plant and Krauss mix it up in stark , often subdued fashion . The result was widely praised and reached No. 2 on the album charts . Watch Plant and Krauss talk about their win " The win adds to Krauss ' eye-popping Grammy total of 26 awards -- more than any female artist in history and third only to conductor Sir Georg Solti  31  and producer-arranger-mogul Quincy Jones  27  . The awards were overshadowed by news that performer Chris Brown , who had been up for two Grammys , had become the focus of a domestic-violence allegation . Brown turned himself in to Los Angeles police Sunday evening . Watch a report on the latest developments in the Brown case " He was released on $ 50,000 bail , according to the Los Angeles Police Department . Authorities said Brown and a woman were involved in an argument in a vehicle . Read more about Brown The argument escalated when Brown stopped the car and the woman got out , the LAPD said , citing the victim 's account . A representative for Brown at the ICM agency in Los Angeles could not immediately be reached for comment . Coldplay took home one of the Grammys ' big three honors , song of the year , for the title track of their album "  Viva La Vida . " The group also won best rock album . "  Thank you and sorry to Sir Paul McCartney for blatantly recycling the ` Sgt. Pepper ' outfits , " the band 's Will Champion said , noting the group 's colorful attire . See the stars on the red carpet " Adele won best new artist . The Grammys are often better remembered for the colorful performances than the winners , and this year 's 3 1/2 - hour telecast seemed determined to showcase nominees , often in unusual combinations and settings . Watch Tia Carrere discuss the best Hawaiian music album " Jennifer Hudson brought the house down with an emotional performance of a new ballad , "  You Pulled Me Through , " and won best R&B album -- an award presented by another big-voiced vocalist , Whitney Houston . Hudson was equally emotional in her acceptance speech . "  I 'd like to thank my family in heaven and those who are with me today , " she said , her voice catching . "  Everybody , thank you all , " she concluded . Hudson 's mother , brother and nephew were murdered last October . Watch Carrie Underwood talk about her meeting with Hudson " Jamie Foxx took a star turn with a quartet of singers -- including Smokey Robinson -- in a medley of Four Tops songs in tribute to the group 's late lead singer , Levi Stubbs . The University of Southern California marching band backed Radiohead 's performance . Paul McCartney , backed by powerhouse Dave Grohl on drums , did "  I Saw Her Standing There " -- the first track from the Beatles ' first album , "  Please Please Me , " in 1963 . Four famed rappers -- T.I. , Kanye West , Jay-Z and Lil Wayne -- were called the "  Rap Pack " in a segment that followed a tribute to one of the Rat Pack singers , Dean Martin , who received a lifetime achievement award . With them was M.I.A. , extremely pregnant but giving it her all . Then there was the pairing of Stevie Wonder with the Jonas Brothers in a medley that concluded with Wonder 's "  Superstition . " Brown and Rihanna , each scheduled to perform , were notable for their absence . Rihanna was scheduled to sing "  Live Your Life/Disturbia " and Brown was later to sing "  Forever . " Apparently substituting for one of the slots was an all-star version of Al Green 's "  Let 's Stay Together , " led by the good reverend himself . With more than 100 categories , only a relative handful were presented on the show . Among the winners not televised on the broadcast -- though available on the Internet -- was best comedy album , which went to the late George Carlin for "  It 's Bad for Ya . " It was his fifth Grammy . Carlin 's daughter , Kelly , accepted on his behalf , saying she 'd take better care of it than Carlin did with his first Grammy . That one , she observed , was taken apart in a "  chemically induced , altered state . " Carlin was eventually sent a new Grammy for his trouble .	Robert Plant , Alison Krauss "  Raising Sand " is album of year Plant , Krauss ' work wins five Grammys total Coldplay wins song of the year for "  Viva La Vida , " best rock album Jennifer Hudson wins best R&B album
CNN  -- Spaniard Igor Anton claimed the most prestigious win of his cycling career as he took the 14th stage of the Giro d'Italia Saturday which finished on the feared Monte Zoncolan climb . He finished 33 seconds clear of his compatriot Alberto Contador , who increased his advantage in the overall classification after distancing Italy 's Vincenzo Nibali in the closing stages . Contador leads Liquigas star Nibali by three minutes 20 seconds with Euskatel 's Anton rewarded for his bold ride by moving into third place , just a second behind . The stage from Lienz in Austria had originally been scheduled for 210km but was shortened on Friday when race organizers bowed to pressure from the teams to remove Monte Crostis , with its steep and narrow 15km descent , from the route . It was further reduced while racing was in progress to bypass a fans ' protest on the revised route . It left the main action for the winding and narrow Zoncolan , with Saxo Bank 's Contador easily covering any threats to his pink jersey . But Anton , who started the day seventh on overall classification , took advantage to ride clear for his first grand tour win since crashing out while leading the Tour of Spain last year . Nibali , who went on to claim victory in Spain for his first win in a major tour , bravely battled to stay with the all-conquering Contador , but in the closing kilometre lost valuable time .	Igor Anton of Spain wins prestigious 14th stage of the Giro d'Italia Anton finishes 33 seconds clear of Alberto Contador who increases overall lead Vincenzo Nibali claims third place on stage which finished on Zoncolan climb
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A company that says it produced videos about a cursing teddy bear fond of prostitutes is suing Seth MacFarlane over his "  Ted " movie . "  Ted " is "  strikingly similar " to "  Charlie the Abusive Teddy Bear , " Bengal Mangle Productions contends in a copyright infringement lawsuit filed Wednesday . "  Charlie is a teddy bear who lives in a human , adult world with all human friends , " the complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles said . "  Charlie has a penchant for drinking , smoking , prostitutes , and is a generally vulgar yet humorous character . " Their copyrighted vulgar bear was featured in videos on YouTube and FunnyorDie.com in 2009 , three years before MacFarlane 's "  Ted " hit theaters , earning $ 549 million at the box office worldwide , the complaint said . "  Ted " copies "  Charlie 's " background story , persona , voice tone , attitude and dialogue , the suit said . The two bears ' Twitter postings were even similar , it said , giving a long list of comparisons , including : "  Charlie " tweeted on March 7 , 2009 : "  I have a life mission and it is to drink . " "  Ted " tweeted on April 4 , 2012 : "  I drink on Tuesday night to celebrate the fact that it ai n't Monday night . " Both bears are " ` washed-up ' child stars/public personas " and "  both Charlie and Ted spend a significant amount of time sitting on a living room couch with a beer and/or cigarette in hand , " the lawsuit contends . Seth MacFarlane : Renaissance man MacFarlane and Universal Pictures , which also is named as a defendant , did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . See more comedy content at CNN Comedy . CNN 's Lorenza Brascia contributed to this report .	Company claims "  Ted " is "  strikingly similar " to "  Charlie the Abusive Teddy Bear " "  Charlie " appeared on YouTube and FunnyorDie.com in 2009 , three years before "  Ted " "  Ted " copies "  Charlie 's " story , persona , voice , attitude and dialogue , the suit says Seth MacFarlane has not immediately responded to requests for comment
CNN  -- A prominent supporter of Sen. Barack Obama on Wednesday compared Bill Clinton 's appeals for his wife , Sen. Hillary Clinton , in South Carolina to the tactics used by a former Republican strategist that are infamous within Democratic circles . Former President Bill Clinton responds to a reporter who asked him about criticism from the Obama campaign . When asked about the comparison , the former president reacted with disapproval , saying it was a distraction from what voters really cared about . In an interview with CNN , Dick Harpootlian , a former chairman of the South Carolina Democratic Party and an Obama backer , said some of Clinton 's recent remarks on the campaign trail were appeals based on race and gender , meant to "  suppress the vote , demoralize voters and distort the record . " Harpootlian said the remarks were "  reminiscent of Lee Atwater , " a hard-hitting Republican strategist who worked for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush and whose tactics were reviled by many Democrats . Atwater died in 1991 . When CNN 's Jessica Yellin asked Clinton about Harpootlian 's comments , Clinton disputed the charge and lashed out , saying : "  You live for this . This hurts the people of South Carolina . " Watch Clinton rebuke the media " "  Because the people of South Carolina come to these meetings and ask questions about what they care about , " he said . "  And what they care about is not what 's going to be in the news coverage tonight , because you do n't care about it . " "  What you care about is this . And the Obama people know that . So they just spin you up on this and you happily go along , " Clinton told Yellin . "  And that 's not right . That is not right . This election ought to belong to those people who are out here asking questions about their lives . " The former president 's angry response comes just days before the South 's first Democratic contest on Saturday and is the latest in a series of heated exchanges between the Obama and Clinton camps . Sen. Hillary Clinton is focusing her attention on states with contests next month on "  Super Tuesday , " leaving the campaigning for this week 's South Carolina primary to her husband . South Carolina 's primary is the Democrats ' last big contest before Super Tuesday on February 5 , when two dozen states hold primaries or caucuses . The senator from New York is zigzagging across the country , while Bill Clinton makes the rounds in South Carolina and doubles up the attacks on Obama . Obama sees his rival 's absence as a good thing , according to Christian Broadcasting Network correspondent David Brody , who interviewed the senator from Illinois on Tuesday . "  He believes that it is a sign , in essence , the fact that she 's leaving the state -- that that bodes well for him , " Brody said . "  He was talking about the fact that she had said that ... he 's not running against Bill Clinton . But then , at the same time , Bill Clinton is here in South Carolina by proxy , running against Barack Obama down here in South Carolina . " The 42nd president has been immersed in the intense , back-and-forth exchanges between his wife and Obama , who said this week in a debate in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , that he sometimes ca n't tell which one he 's running against in the race . The former president has attacked Obama in recent days , accusing him of overstating his opposition to the Iraq war , complaining about Obama 's union supporters in the Nevada caucuses last weekend and blasting his remarks on former President Reagan in a newspaper interview . Watch the battle brewing between the Clintons and Obama " Clinton on Wednesday tried to distance himself from the attacks , telling a CNN correspondent that the rhetoric was "  crazy " and "  getting a little carried away . " But earlier in the day , the Clinton campaign launched a radio ad in South Carolina that takes another jab at Obama , highlighting some of his recent comments on the Republican Party . The ad plays a portion of his interview with the Reno Journal-Gazette in which Obama said in part , "  The Republicans were the party of ideas for a pretty long chunk of time there over the last 10 , 15 years . " The ad 's narrator asks , "  Really ? Are n't those the ideas that got us into the economic mess we 're in today ? Ideas like special tax breaks for Wall Street ? " The narrator goes on to say , "  Running up a $ 9 trillion debt . Refusing to raise the minimum wage or deal with the housing crisis . Are those the ideas Barack Obama 's talking about ? " Obama 's campaign has said the Clintons are mischaracterizing his comments , and Obama spokesman Bill Burton called it a "  negative , dishonest attack . " Watch what the exchanges could mean for the election " "  The fact that Hillary Clinton has praised Ronald Reagan and supported some of the very worst Republican ideas just underscores that she will say or do anything to get elected , " Burton said . CNN political analyst Gloria Borger said the Clintons "  know exactly what they are doing . " "  This may be a very smart political strategy for them . They 've gotten Obama a little bit off his game right now because he 's busy responding to Bill Clinton , and that 's not what he wanted to be doing , " Borger said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Candy Crowley , Alexander Mooney , Rebecca Sinderbrand , Jessica Yellin and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama supporter says Clinton 's appeals remind him of Lee Atwater 's tactics NEW : Bill Clinton rebukes reporter for asking about comments Hillary Clinton focuses on other states , while husband campaigns in South Carolina Barack Obama has said at times he feels like he is running against both Clintons
CNN  -- Roma moved up to sixth place in the Serie A table after a 1-0 victory in the Rome ` derby ' against city rivals Lazio . Substitute full-back Marco Cassetti scored the only goal in the 79th minute , finding the corner of the net with a scuffed shot from Mirko Vucinic 's cross . Lazio had enjoyed the better of the chances in a tight matchm with Mauro Zarate striking the post on the hour mark -- before Roma goalkeeper Julio Sergio made an instinctive one-handed save from Stefano Mauri 's follow-up . Roma were reduced to 10 men in the 88th minute when David Pizarro picked up his second yellow card , but they held on for the victory on a match that was held up for 10 minutes in the first-half because of crowd disturbances . In Sunday 's other matches , Jonathan Biabiany scored twice as Parma drew 2-2 away to Genoa to keep hold of fourth in the table . With Italy 's top three all playing on Saturday , Parma came into the match in fourth after Sampdoria 's 3-0 defeat at AC Milan on Saturday dropped them down to fifth overnight . Rodrigo Palacio initially put Genoa in position to take fourth themselves with a 14th minute opener . But Biabiany struck on 36 and 59 minutes to give Parma the lead before Raffaelle Palladino equalized eight minutes later , leaving Genoa in seventh position . At one point during the afternoon Cagliari , who had won five of their last six matches and beat Juventus 2-0 a week ago , had looked in pole position to go fourth as they led 1-0 at Palermo at halftime through Alessandro Matri . But goals from Igor Budan and Simon Kjaer 10 minutes apart gave Delio Rossi his first win as coach of the Sicilians . Fiorentina moved up to fifth after their 2-0 home win over Atalanta ended their two-match losing streak . Peru international Juan Vargas opened the scoring on 26 minutes with a left-foot rocket from outside the box and Italy forward Alberto Gilardino clinched the victory a minute from time . The race for fourth is now so tight that Parma are only five points above Palermo in 13th place . Napoli extended their unbeaten run since Walter Mazzarri took over from Roberto Donadoni to nine matches in all competitions as Fabio Quagliarella scored a brace , including the winner two minutes from time , in a 3-2 success at home to Bari . Bari led 2-1 after an hour through goals from Paulo Barreto and Andrea Ranocchia but then had Alessandro Parisi dismissed . Cristian Maggio restored parity before Quagliarella 's late winner while Bari ended with nine men as Ranocchia also saw red late on . At the bottom of the table Siena gave themselves a lifeline with a come-from-behind 3-2 home win over second bottom Catania .	Roma move up to sixth place in the Serie A table after a 1-0 victory over city rivals Lazio Substitute full-back Marco Cassetti scored the only goal of the game in the 79th minute Jonathan Biabiany scored twice as Parma drew 2-2 away to Genoa to keep hold of fourth position
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Democrats proposed Friday tax incentives for businesses hiring veterans as well as job training for all service members leaving the military . The measure was unveiled as the next piece in President Obama 's jobs bill and as a remedy to unemployment among veterans . "  It would basically make sure that our veterans are not standing at the back of any unemployment line , " Sen. Debbie Stabenow  D-Michigan  told reporters . "  It 's important that we support our troops not just by lip-service but by action , and we intend to act next week . " Noticeable absent from Friday 's Democratic proposal is the job bill 's controversial millionaire 's surtax , which would increases taxes on those with incomes of more than $ 1 million . Republicans have roundly rejected the surtax , saying it would hurt small businesses and stunt economic growth . Sen. Patty Murray  D-Washington  , chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Veterans ' Affairs , told reporters they would utilize "  existing pay-fors , " or revenue streams , that have been used to fund veterans ' issues . "  What we did is bring together Republican and Democrat , House and Senate , congressional and administration ideas in putting this package forward . I think it uses the best of everyone 's ideas and will make a real difference for veterans , " said Murray . "  Veterans are not a partisan issue . They are something we can all get behind . " A major component of the bill would offer tax credits to companies hiring jobless veterans -- up to $ 2,400 in credits for hiring veterans out of work for more than 4 weeks , up to $ 5,600 for hiring veterans out of work for more than six months , and up to $ 9,600 credit for employing veterans with service-connected disabilities looking for work for more than six months . The bill would also make mandatory jobs skills training for every service member moving into civilian life and also offer older veterans additional Montgomery GI benefits for training programs at community colleges and technical schools . "  It is quite frankly shameful that veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan have a higher unemployment rate than the rest of America , " said Sen. Jon Tester  D-Montana  . A cost estimate for the bill was not immediately available . Murray said Democrats plan to attach the veterans ' measure as an amendment to House-passed bill that eliminates the 3 % withholding requirement for government contractors -- a bill that House and Senate Republicans say would create jobs . While Senate Republican aides indicated the veterans ' assistance proposal and the absence of the millionaire 's surtax were encouraging , they were cautious and said they would need to see the proposal 's details , including how it would be funded . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Senate Democrats eliminate controversial millionaire 's surtax from jobs bill Republicans opposed the surtax The jobs measure would offer tax incentives to firms hiring veterans The bill would also provide job training to everyone leaving the military
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- He fell into the jewelry industry 38 years ago almost by accident but Labi Kapo is today a master goldsmith whose dazzling hand-crafted creations cost thousands of dollars . His professional journey started in 1976 when , fresh out of school , Kapo entered a London jewelry store to pay the last installment for a watch he 'd bought . But whilst there , the shop 's owners asked him whether he 'd like to work for them for a couple of weeks . The young man agreed and has never looked back ever since . Born in Lagos , Nigeria , Kapo was raised in London where he also perfected his craft by working at some of the UK capital 's finest jewelry stores . After years of learning from his mentors , Kapo branched out and started creating his own pieces . Throughout the years , Kapo made several trips to various African countries , including Ghana , Sierra Leone and Nigeria , to learn more about the industry . "  Africa has been blessed , truly blessed , with abundance of all the raw materials in which to thrive for the jewelry industry , " says Kapo . Eventually he decided to start his own business back in the continent -- In 2002 , Kapo opened his own line , Akapo Jewels , in South Africa . Nestled in the classy Hyde Park suburb in Johannesburg , Kapo has spent the last decade designing and creating intricate pieces of jewelry for his elite clientele across the globe , including customized handcrafted pieces for some of the top auction houses like Christie 's and Sotheby 's . When he 's not designing unique pieces , Kapo spends much of his time teaching local youth the knowledge he has gleaned throughout the years as part of his efforts to help locals benefit from their land 's valuable resources . Apart from teaching platinum manufacturing at the University of Johannesburg , he 's also set up a business and training facility at his workspace . "  I 'm one of those craftsmen who believe that when I 'm teaching you , I 'm teaching you to be better than me , " he says . "  It 's pointless to have all this information in my head . I need to transfer it to the next generation . They are the future so this is what my plan is and I believe I 'm going in the right direction . " Watch the video below to explore the rest of Kapo 's work . READ THIS : Are human viruses killing world 's last gorillas ? READ THIS : How these funky condoms could save lives READ THIS : The day that changed Kenya forever	Labi Kapo is a Lagos-born master goldsmith He spent many years perfecting his craft in England In 2002 , Kapo set up his own business in South Africa
CNN  -- I feel incredibly lucky to have the health and the years needed to run a marathon in each of the 50 states . When I was first diagnosed with multiple myeloma nine years ago , only half of newly diagnosed patients survived more than five years . Since then , I 've run 70 marathons , the most recent in Hawaii , my 50th state . Hot , exhausted , sore , bent a little to the right , and walking a lot , I finally trotted across that finish line in Honolulu . I 'm sure I had a big grin on my face because it was the end of a long quest , the completion of which was never a certainty . There are more people who climb Mount Everest each year than there are runners who finish 50 states of marathons . I remember laughing a little , feeling a mixture of joy and relief , as I limped to the table where I could pick up my finisher 's shirt and medal . I did n't dare sit down at first , afraid that my muscles would cramp up -- I had to keep walking for a few minutes at least . Everything was sore . But muscles recover , and I was soon off to the other events of the day : an interview , then to collect my wife and daughter  who also ran the full marathon  . We checked out of the hotel and hustled to catch a plane , where I could finally relax . Sleep came easily , even on the plane . ` American Idol ' favorite overcomes Tourette 's , Asperger 's Since then , the 50 States Marathon Club has accepted my documentation , so I 'm a certified "  50 Stater . " It 's done and official . Right now I 'm savoring the temporary freedom from goals and running just for the joy of it . One big reason that I can run with myeloma is a drug called pomalidomide . It 's just a little red pill that I take every night . It does n't cure the cancer but has kept it at bay for almost five years , without the severe side effects and clinic visits of regular chemotherapy . It 's a miracle drug for me . A cookbook for cancer treatment When I started taking pomalidomide , it was an investigational drug , not yet approved by the Food and Drug Administration . I wish that life-saving experimental drugs such as it could be much more widely available to people whose lives are threatened by illness . Happily , pomalidomide has been approved by the FDA and will be available to those who need it soon , marketed under the name Pomalyst . It has the potential to do for thousands more what it has done for me . We do n't know what 's next for us yet , but whatever it is we 'll continue to do it as a family . My wife and daughter have 48 states , including their marathons and their half-marathons , so we 'll certainly run in their remaining states , Virginia and Massachusetts . And whatever we do , it will be in support of worthy charities . Live one day at a time and make it a masterpiece . See more from the Human Factor series	Don Wright finished his goal of running 50 marathons in 50 states last month His last race was in Honolulu , which he ran with his daughter Wright says an experimental drug has helped him keep his cancer at bay
CNN  -- Seattle is set to welcome NBA basketball back to the city following the sale of the Sacramento Kings , in a move which is expected to relaunch the Supersonics franchise . Chris Hansen , whose group is reported to have purchased a 65 % share of the Kings franchise , valued at $ 525 million , plans to relocate the team to Seattle , which lost its original franchise when owners moved the team to Oklahoma City in 2008 . The deal will see Hansen take the Maloof family 's 53 % share of the team as well as minority owner Bob Hernreich 's 12 % stake . Why basketball star turned his back on the NBA The move , which is expected to be go through following lengthy negotiations with the Maloof family , now awaits approval from the NBA Board of Governors . If ratified , the new ownership group hopes to move the Kings franchise to Seattle in time for the 2013-2014 season , when they will be renamed the the Supersonics and play at KeyArena before moving to a downtown venue in two years time . "  We are happy to announce that we have entered into a binding agreement with the Maloofs to purchase a controlling interest in the Sacramento Kings NBA franchise , " Hansen said in a statement . "  The sale is obviously subject to approval by the NBA Board of Governors , and we look forward to working with the League in the coming months to consummate the transaction . "  While we are not at liberty to discuss the terms of the transaction or our plans for the franchise given the confidential nature of the agreement and NBA regulations regarding public comments during a pending transaction , we would just like to extend our sincerest compliments and gratitude toward the Maloof family . How can L.A. Lakers rescue losing season ? "  Our negotiations with the family were handled with the utmost honor and professionalism and we hope to continue their legacy and be great stewards of this NBA franchise in the coming years and decades . " The original Supersonics , founded in 1967 , won the 1979 NBA Championship and played in the city until 2008 , when the team 's owners controversially moved the squad to Oklahoma . Since then , investors and city officials have sought to revive the Supersonics franchise by relocating another NBA team , and Hansen is confident the move will prove a success in the long-term . Maloof Gavin Maloof , the Kings co-owner , said the family had "  always appreciated and treasured " their ownership of the Kings . He said : "  We have always appreciated and treasured our ownership of the Kings and have had a great admiration for the fans and our team members . "  We would also like to thank Chris Hansen for his professionalism during our negotiation . Chris will be a great steward for the franchise . " The final decision remains with the NBA , which released its own statement on the matter . It read : "  The NBA received an executed Purchase and Sale Agreement for the transfer of a controlling interest in the Sacramento Kings from the Maloof family to an investor group led by Christopher Hansen . "  The proposed transaction is subject to the approval of the NBA Board of Governors and has been referred to the Board 's committee process for review . "	Seattle is set to host NBA next season for first time since 2008 Chris Hansen 's group has completed a deal to buy the Sacramento Kings Hansen has bought a reported 65 % stake in the franchise worth $ 340 million NBA Board of Governors expected to rubber stamp the move
Thailand 's Constitutional Court has dismissed caretaker Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra from office , ruling that she is guilty of violating the country 's constitution for reassigning a senior security official in 2011 . "  The defendant has abused her position as prime minister , " said the judge in the ruling . "  Her prime ministership has ... ended . " The court ruled that nine cabinet ministers who attended a meeting over the decision to transfer the official were also to be removed from office . Deputy PM and Commerce Minister Niwatthamrong Boonsongpaisan has been nominated by the cabinet as the next caretaker prime minister , Secretary General to the Prime Minister , Suranand Vejjajiva , told CNN . Yingluck 's dismissal , which analysts say will only deepen Thailand 's protracted political crisis , was brought about by a lawsuit filed by anti-government senators . They accused Yingluck of abusing her power by unlawfully transferring National Security Council chief Thawil Pliensri from his role in September 2011 , alleging the move was intended to benefit her Pheu Thai Party and a family member . Thawil was replaced by the then national police chief , whose role in turn was later given to Priewpan Damapong , a relative of Yingluck . In March , Thailand 's Supreme Administrative Court ruled the transfer unlawful and Thawil was reinstated . In the wake of the court 's ruling , Yingluck thanked her cabinet ministers , government officials and supporters . "  It 's been two years , nine months and two days that I worked as prime minister and every day of those two years , nine months and two days was a proud day , " she said . "  I will always stand by the people . " ` More protests and dysfunction ' Analyst Paul Quaglia , director at PQA Associates , a Bangkok-based risk assessment firm , said the development set the scene for "  more protests and more dysfunction in the days ahead . " "  Her supporters will look at this as what they call a judicial coup , which is one of the red lines they 've drawn about all of this , " he said . He said the case against Yingluck were "  pretty weak , " and that abuse of power was a "  pretty grandiose term to describe what went on . " "  What she is accused of doing is approving the removal of a military officer from a civil servant 's job in 2011 . This is pretty routine , " he said . "  Her supporters of course will view this as a technical pretext by the court simply to get rid of her and get rid of this government . " For the "  yellow shirt " political bloc opposed to Yingluck , who came to office in a landslide win in 2011 , her ouster would be a welcome cause for celebration , he said . "  It was the last stop on the track for them -- the army had refused to get into it , to stage a coup . They had n't won any other battles , so it falls to the judiciary to get the job done to get rid of this elected government . " Yingluck defended herself against the charges in court Tuesday . "  I did n't do anything against the law , " she said . "  I have performed my duty in the administration with the intention of benefiting the country . " Yingluck had led a caretaker administration since parliament was dissolved in December , ahead of a general election in February that was disrupted by anti-government protesters . The Constitutional Court subsequently ruled the election invalid . The protests had been sparked in November by Yingluck 's government 's botched attempt to pass an amnesty bill that would have paved the way for the return of her brother -- the polarizing former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra -- to the political fray in earnest . Military coup Thaksin , a telecommunications tycoon , was overthrown in a military coup in 2006 and has since lived in self-imposed exile to avoid a corruption conviction , which he says is politically motivated . The anti-government protesters , drawn mainly from Bangkok 's middle class , royalist establishment , allege that Yingluck is her brother 's puppet and seek to rid Thai politics of her family 's influence . In contrast , the "  red shirt " supporters of Yingluck and her brother , many of whom are poor and hail mainly from rural areas in the north of the country , accuse the court of bias against their side . Thaksin 's Thai Rak Thai political party was dissolved by the court in 2007 . Observers are now watching how both camps , who have large rallies planned in the capital over the coming week , respond to the verdict . Political tensions have occasionally spilled over into deadly violence during the current crisis . "  For the first time in Thailand 's history of political discord , we have opposing camps threatening to stage demonstrations in relative proximity to each other in Bangkok , " said Quaglia . "  We could see some trouble , frankly . " He said the government had been "  dealt a blow , but not a fatal blow " by the court . Under the caretaker administration , key infrastructure projects and policy decisions had already been placed on hold until after elections scheduled for July 20 . "  We are headed one way or another towards elections at some point . I do n't know how peaceful those elections will be or what the landscape will look like between now and July 20 , " he said . Yingluck 's opponents have campaigned against elections , arguing the alleged corruption of their political rivals meant that widespread reforms were necessary before any meaningful vote could be held , said Quaglia . Anti-government protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban , a former deputy prime minister for the Democrat Party , has called for power to be transferred to an unelected "  people 's council . " "  The Pheu Thai Party ... want to have elections . They know they will win those elections . Their opponents , the Democrat Party , say ` No , we ca n't have elections , ' because they know they will lose those elections . Therein lies the rub , " said Quaglia . Yingluck also faces a charge brought by the National Anti-Corruption Commission over a controversial state rice-buying scheme . The commission 's ruling is expected this month .	Thailand 's prime minister has been ousted from office by a court ruling The court said she had abused her position by removing national security chief from post The move throws Thailand into deeper political turmoil Deputy PM Niwatthamrong Boonsongpaisan will be nominated as the new PM
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The Iraqi government Friday demanded the withdrawal of an Iranian "  armed group " that it says seized an oil well in southern Iraq on Thursday night . Iran is denying any takeover took place . The Iraqi government issued a strong statement deploring the act after Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki headed an emergency meeting of Iraq 's National Security Council to discuss the situation . "  The council stressed that such incidents would be considered a violation of the border and violated Iraq 's sovereignty and its territories and calls upon Iran to pull out the group from well No. 4 and take down the Iranian flag from the tower of the well immediately , " Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said in the statement . Senior Iraqi government sources initially referred to the Iranians as "  security forces , " but the official Iraqi government statement later called them an "  armed group . " Drilled in 1979 , the well is in Iraq 's Maysan province , east of Amara , near the Iranian border . It is within the province 's Fakka oil field , the Iraqi government said . Al-Dabbagh said in the statement that the Iraqi government had summoned the Iranian ambassador in Baghdad , Hassan Kazemi Qomi , to inform him officially about the incident and asked him to provide a note to Iran 's Foreign Affairs Ministry "  to address such a violation . " The statement said the Iraqi government called upon Iran "  to resolve all border problems through diplomatic dialogue and avoid the use of military force in order to preserve our common security and bilateral relations between the two countries . " An official at the Iranian Embassy in Baghdad had said earlier that Iraqi authorities had not yet contacted them . Iraq and Iran share a long border , and high-ranking committees from both countries handle all border matters , an Iranian Embassy official said . Iraq and Iran fought a bloody eight-year war that ended in 1988 in a cease-fire with no clear victor and parts of the border under dispute . But political , economic , cultural and religious ties between Iran , a predominantly Shiite Muslim nation , and Iraq , a majority Shiite Muslim nation , greatly improved after the overthrow of the Saddam Hussein regime in 2003 . At the same time , there has been widespread concern among Iraqi and U.S. officials that Iran has been providing Iraqi insurgents with material for roadside bombs during the Iraq war . The report of the oil well incident comes several days after the Oil Ministry 's two-day auction of oil fields . Aimed at increasing Iraqi oil production , deals were struck for seven of the 15 fields offered . There also had been oil bidding in June . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Yousif Bassil contributed to this report .	NEW : Iraqi official says Iranian ambassador to Iraq has been summoned over matter Iran denies Incident happened ; Iraqi government blames Iranian "  armed group " Well is in Maysan province , east of Amara , near Iranian border , officials say The two countries fought 8-year war that ended in 1988 with parts of border under dispute
CNN  -- You would think that a black man born and raised in Georgia , who was a teenager during the civil rights movement , would understand the transition of African-Americans from voting overwhelmingly Republican to strongly supporting the Democratic Party . But the GOP presidential candidate clearly did n't have the common sense that he often speaks of having when he went on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " and accused many African-Americans of being brainwashed to vote Democratic . "  Many African-Americans have been brainwashed into not being open-minded , not even considering a conservative point of view , " Cain said . "  I have received some of that same vitriol simply because I am running for the Republican nomination as a conservative . "  So it 's just brainwashing and people not being open-minded , pure and simple . " Cain 's off-base and historically ignorant comments have received widespread coverage . In some quarters , they have been criticized , while MSNBC 's Pat Buchanan , who has a long history of racially offensive comments , did n't surprise many by coming to Cain 's defense . It 's not the first time I 've heard someone question the reasons for blacks ' allegiance to the Democratic Party , but history has to be taken into account . According to the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies , a think tank focused on African-American issues , in the aftermath of the Emancipation Proclamation , black folks who could vote in the United States quickly joined the Republican Party out of affection for President Abraham Lincoln . Check the political party affiliation of blacks elected during the period of Reconstruction and you will see a lot of R 's after their names . The policies of Presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry Truman , who desegregated the military , led more African-Americans to vote for the Democrats . Still , Dwight Eisenhower got 39 percent of the black vote when he ran for re-election in 1956 ; and Vice President Richard Nixon received 31 percent against the eventual winner , Sen. John F. Kennedy . The shift became more noticeable in 1964 , when the Republican Party nominated Sen. Barry Goldwater as its presidential nominee . It was Goldwater 's ardent stance against the Civil Rights Act that led President Lyndon Johnson to garner 94 percent of the black vote . What 's interesting to note is the greatest threat to passage of the bill came from white Southern Democrats , known as Dixiecrats . Moderate Republicans played a crucial role in getting the Civil Rights Act passed , yet as the GOP began to go against civil rights , the national Democratic Party saw a chance to solidify the black vote . In 1968 , Nixon returned to the national stage with his Southern Strategy , a detailed plan of racial politics that ignored , denigrated and dismissed black voters while playing up racial issues as a way to gain support from white voters . All of this was an outgrowth of the 1964 Civil Rights Act , which led President Johnson to say his signing of the law would deliver the South to the GOP for the next generation . The Southern Strategy became the go-to play for Republicans over the next 40 years , as they virtually ignored the interests of black voters and catered to a largely white party . So on one hand you have a party that totally ignores black voters -- the GOP -- and then you have Democrats who see a chance to capture those same voters . If Republicans today are angry about a high level of animosity coming from black voters , they need to blame their white forefathers who wanted to see the racial divide continue over their refusal to allow African-Americans to be full citizens of the United States . The problem is that the GOP has done little to change the game since then , virtually ignoring African-Americans and advocating policies that blacks believe go against their interests . What is so shameful and asinine about Cain 's "  brainwashing " comment is that he assumes that African-Americans are n't smart and sophisticated enough to make their own choices . Just like whites , Asians , Hispanics , women , Catholics , Jews , Baptists , Wall Street bankers , or any other voting group , they look at the candidates , determine how they line up with their views , and make a selection . So when someone says that blacks do n't vote with their brains , that 's utterly false . Now , for all of the trolls who usually populate web sites comments sections saying I 'm playing the race card , answer this : If I said that Southern whites were a bunch of brainwashed , dead heads who give the GOP their vote , how would you respond ? U.S. Census Bureau statistics show that of the 10 poorest states in America , nine are mostly red states . The lowest when it comes to education ? Mostly red states . The most obese ? Worst health care ? Mostly red states . So if the talking points suggest the Democrats advance poverty programs more than the GOP ; push for more funding for education ; and want a strong health care program , then why are these white voters in these mostly red states voting for the GOP ? Have they been brainwashed by virtue of the Southern Strategy to keep voting straight ticket ? The GOP has no real plan to even talk to black voters . They are afraid of them . Yes , afraid . If you want to put a Republican in the most uncomfortable position , then see them try to give a speech in front of a room of black folks . There is mistrust on both sides rather than straight talk on the issues . For years I have lamented the GOP 's refusal to engage African-Americans . We care about housing , economic development , education , any host of issues . But in the minds of a lot of Republicans , it 's all about welfare or affirmative action . African-Americans are largely social conservatives , but the GOP ca n't even figure out how to reach us even with God ! I 'm the host of Washington Watch , a weekly Sunday morning news show on TV One Cable Network , a lifestyles and entertainment network targeting African-Americans , and the GOP flat out refuses to even accept our invitations . For two years we 've had an open invite for any House or Senate Republican to come on our show , no matter the week . Out of 80-plus shows , Rep. Tom Price of Georgia  twice  and Rep. Allen West of Florida  once  have accepted our invitations . West sat in my studio and told his press secretary to send an e-mail to every GOP press secretary in the House to tell them that my show was a great forum for them to talk to Black America . None followed his admonition . When Michael Steele was chairman of the Republican National Committee , he did my show several times . Steele told me he went to the GOP House and Senate leadership to tell them they should accept my invites , but none did . Now if the GOP is scared to even come on a TV show that targets blacks , do you actually think they 'll show up in a black community ? If the GOP wants black folks to consider voting for them , they their candidates will have to make an effort to reach out . The distrust is wide and great , but it can be overcome . But doing nothing will get you nowhere , other than guarantee that a strong voting bloc will do all it can to make sure you are defeated at the polls . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Herman Cain said that black voters were "  brainwashed " to support Democrats Roland Martin says Cain is ignoring ample historical reason for that support Republicans had substantial black support but adopted a strategy that spurns them , he says Martin : If GOP wants black support , it has to make its case to black voters
CNN  -- Japan 's Kimiko Date Krumm has failed in her bid to become the oldest-ever winner of a WTA Tour event , losing in the final of the Japan Open to Thailand 's Tamarine Tanasugarn . Date Krumm , who at 40 would have beaten the record set by Billie Jean King who won a tournament in Birmingham , England , aged 39 years , seven months and 23 days , was defeated 7-5 6-7 6-1 in a marathon match lasting over three hours . The Osaka victory gave 33-year-old Tanasugarn her fourth career title , following her victories in 2008 and 2009 at 's - Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands and in 2003 in Hyderabad , India . Date Krumm , who had beaten top seed Samantha Stosur and third seed Shahar Peer en route to the final , told the official WTA Tour website : "  I just tried my best and fought as hard as I could . "  Nobody wants to lose , so I tried everything . Now I will play some ITF events followed by the Asian Games -- so I will be continuing to play tennis for the rest of the year . " Meanwhile , former French Open champion Ana Ivanovic claimed her first title in two years after defeating Patty Schnyder to win the Austrian Open in Linz . The seventh-seeded Serb , who had failed to win a tournament since she triumphed at the same event in 2008 , proved a class above the Swiss to claim a 6-1 6-2 win in just 47 minutes . Schnyder has also now gone two years without a tournament victory -- and this defeat means she has now lost three finals in Linz following reverses in 2005 and 2007 .	Kimiko Date Krumm fails in her bid to become the oldest winner of a WTA Tour event The 40-year-old beaten by Thailand 's Tamarine Tanasugarn in the Japan Open final Ana Ivanovic defeats Switzerland 's Patty Schnyder to win the WTA event in Linz
CNN  -- Michiganders looking for work might want to keep their eyes peeled for Superman . Zack Snyder 's upcoming "  Man of Steel " sequel , which will star Brit actor Henry Cavill as Superman and Ben Affleck as Batman , is slated to film in metro Detroit and throughout Michigan , the Michigan Film Office announced Thursday . The Warner Bros. production has earned a $ 35 million incentive for the $ 131 million it 's projected to rack up in in-state expenses . It 's also expected that the upcoming release will hire just over 400 workers , and create the equivalent of 426 full-time jobs .  A bit of good news to follow a dreary summer -- in July , Detroit became America 's largest city to declare bankruptcy . In the eyes of director Snyder , Detroit "  is a great example of a quintessential American city , and I know it will make the perfect backdrop for our movie , " he said in a statement . "  Detroit and the entire state of Michigan have been fantastic collaborators , and we are looking forward to working together on this film . " Snyder also helmed this summer 's "  Man of Steel , " which rebooted the Superman story and reimagined him as a hero who 's capable of making devastating , controversial choices . The sequel , scheduled to premiere in July 2015 , will put Clark Kent and the Caped Crusader on the big screen together for the first time . David S. Goyer , who wrote the first "  Man of Steel " script , is also handling the sequel 's screenplay . In addition to Cavill and Affleck -- much , by the way , to the Internet 's chagrin -- the sequel will also star Amy Adams as Lois Lane , Laurence Fishburne as Perry White and Diane Lane as Martha Kent . Snyder strongly hinted this summer that Batman and Superman will be rivals in this installment . "  It 's beyond mythological to have Superman and our new Batman facing off , since they are the greatest superheroes in the world , " he said . Production is expected to kick off during the first quarter of 2014 .	Warner Bros. "  Man of Steel 2 " is set to film in Michigan Director Zack Snyder believes it 'll make "  the perfect backdrop " for the film The sequel will feature Batman and Superman on the big screen together for the first time
CNN  -- Texas Rep. Randy Neugebauer says he was the Republican House member who called out "  baby killer " during the chamber 's debate Sunday night on the health care reform bill . Neugebauer issued a statement Monday apologizing for the outburst . His statement said he called out , "  It 's a baby killer , " in reference to the last-minute deal between Michigan Democratic Rep. Bart Stupak and the White House that secured the support of Stupak and other anti-abortion Democrats for the health care bill . "  Last night was the climax of weeks and months of debate on a health care bill that my constituents fear and do not support , " Neugebauer 's statement said . "  In the heat and emotion of the debate , I exclaimed the phrase ` it 's a baby killer ' in reference to the agreement reached by the Democratic leadership . " The interruption occurred as Stupak was delivering an emotional speech defending the deal with the White House that called for President Obama to issue an executive order guaranteeing that the bill would not change existing limits on federal funding for abortion . The phrase yelled by Neugebauer was initially believed to have been directed at Stupak personally . "  While I remain heartbroken over the passage of this bill and the tragic consequences it will have for the unborn , I deeply regret that my actions were mistakenly interpreted as a direct reference to Congressman Stupak himself , " Neugebauer 's statement said . "  I have apologized to Mr. Stupak and also apologize to my colleagues for the manner in which I expressed my disappointment about the bill , " the statement concluded . "  The House Chamber is a place of decorum and respect . The timing and tone of my comment last night was inappropriate . " The incident evoked memories of Rep. Joe Wilson , a South Carolina Republican , who yelled "  you lie " during Obama 's health care speech to a joint session of Congress in September . Wilson also apologized , and the House formally reprimanded him for the outburst . CNN 's Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	Rep. Randy Neugebauer sorry "  my actions were mistakenly interpreted " "  Baby killer " outburst occurred as Stupak was speaking against a Republican motion On Sunday , Stupak and other anti-abortion Democrats struck a deal with the president Outburst comes six months after Rep. Joe Wilson 's "  you lie " incident
CNN  -- The only country that has gone without a government for longer than post-Hussein Iraq ended its record-breaking run Tuesday . Hint : It 's in Europe . Another hint : It 's one of very few multiethnic countries still chugging along on the continent . Got it yet ? OK , last hint : Home of Tintin , chocolate and the European Union . Yes , it 's Belgium , which went 589 days without an elected government . New Prime Minister Elio Di Rupo and his ministers met the king and took the oath of office Tuesday , the Belgian Parliament said . Di Rupo is due to make his first official statement as head of government on Wednesday . That caps Belgium 's year-and-a-half run without a government , since Prime Minister Yves Leterme 's resignation was accepted April 26 , 2010 . A temporary caretaker government had been in place since then , with politicians locked in a stalemate between the Dutch-speaking North and the French-speaking South . Di Rupo , of the Belgian Socialist Party , is leading a coalition government of six parties , the Belgian Parliament said Tuesday . Chocolatier Alice Le Fevre told CNN in September that the lack of a government had little effect on her daily life . "  For us it does n't make any difference , " she said . "  We still have a life outside of work . We can go on vacation . We have public transport . " There were even street parties when Belgium claimed the world record title from Iraq earlier this year . Some argued that political gridlock has even had its benefits . "  A government without power ca n't introduce new taxes , " said Herman Matthijs , a professor of politics at the Free University of Brussels . "  On the other hand , a government without full powers ca n't take new measures concerning the outlays . The political crisis relating to the public finance saved money . " State governments in Belgium continued to function normally during the crisis , as did the European Union . But in the long term , according to Matthijs , Belgium needs a central government to make massive mandatory budget cuts and introduce reform of public finances . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin and Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	It 's the only country that has gone longer than Iraq without a government It held street parties when it broke the record Ordinary people say the lack of government has n't been a problem The last prime minister resigned on April 26 , 2010
CAIRO , Egypt  CNN  -- Languishing in a Cairo prison last year , a prisoner noticed that every day , the prison staff would clean the adjacent cell , even though there was no one in it . Why , the prisoner asked his guards , did they do it ? It 's for Barack Obama , they responded . Because when he loses the election , he 'll surely be thrown in jail , so this way , a cell will be ready for him . Every day , the prisoner said , he prayed in his cell that Obama would win . The prisoner was Ayman Nour , a liberal politician who in 2005 ran against and lost to Egypt 's aging ruler , Hosni Mubarak , in the country 's first multiparty presidential elections . Soon afterward , he was convicted of electoral fraud and sent to jail . He was released earlier this year . Nour said he had received an invitation from the American Embassy to attend President Obama 's address to the Muslim world at Cairo University on Thursday . He said he does n't plan to attend , but will watch it on television . "  That way , " he said , "  if I hear something I do n't like , I can always change the channel with my remote control . " The way that Nour prayed for an Obama victory , but will not go to hear him in person , is typical of the ambiguities in how many in Egypt and throughout the Muslim world view Obama 's much touted address to the world 's nearly 1.5 billion Muslims . Watch shopkeepers say what they want from Obama " On the one hand , at least in Egypt , Obama is the most popular American president in years . Almost everyone you meet is almost starry-eyed over the new American leader . On the other hand , the region has a long history of disappointment with the United States . Egyptian reformists look back bitterly on their experience during the Bush administration , which , after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States and the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq , launched an initiative to push for political liberalization in the Middle East . In 2005 , then-U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice made a speech that sent a shockwave through Egypt . Journalist Ethar El-Katatney recalled , "  She said that in the last 60 years , the U.S. pursued stability at the expense of democracy . We all said , ` wow ! ' " The mounting American pressure on the dictators , the demonstrations , the rediscovery of long-lost voices raised against authoritarian regimes like Egypt 's sparked talk of an "  Arab spring , " a long-overdue blossoming of freedom and democracy in the political desert of the Middle East . But the Bush administration 's passion for Arab democracy cooled dramatically when Egypt 's powerful Islamist network , the Muslim Brotherhood , made stunning gains in parliamentary elections in late 2005 . And the passion went stone cold in January 2006 , when the militant Palestinian Islamic group Hamas was swept to power in democratic elections in Gaza and the West Bank . Sensing Washington 's worry , Arab dictators and their ruthless security services saw their chance , and slowly started to squeeze the brave few who had been calling for change . Award-winning Egyptian blogger Wael Abbas experienced the thrill of the "  Arab spring , " but since then has had plenty of run-ins with Egypt 's secret police . He has no illusions about what matters to the United States , Obama 's charisma notwithstanding . Watch how Egyptians are looking for concrete results " "  It 's OK for these countries to be oppressive , " he said , "  as long as they are allies -LSB- of the United States -RSB- , as long as they are not communists , as long as they allow investment , as long as they allow McDonald 's and Hardee 's and whatever businesses to be open here . But if they are dictators , -LSB- the United States -RSB- does n't care about human rights , as long as they are allies , as long as they keep peace with Israel , it 's OK . " "  We have a fundamental problem with America , " Nour said in an interview at his flat Monday . "  America always takes positive steps , then setbacks happen , and usually America puts its interests above its principles . " Watch Egyptian youths give their views on Obama 's trip " And this is what Obama may want to keep in mind when he addresses the Muslim world from Cairo . People here are eager for concrete initiatives , not a rousing speech with no follow-up . This is a region that has often had great faith in the good intentions of the United States , only to watch as that faith was betrayed . "  It ca n't be all rainbows and roses , " said El-Katatney , the journalist . "  We do n't want any more grand promises . Obama talks brilliantly , but we 've become a bit cynical . "	President Obama is heading to Egypt to make address to Muslim world Obama is the most popular U.S. president in years for Egyptians But the region has a long history of disappointment in the United States
CNN  -- Defeat could be near for Syria 's embattled regime , NATO and Syrian ally Russia said Thursday . "  I think now it 's only a question of time , " NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said in Brussels , Belgium , where he and Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte announced the deployment of two Patriot air-defense batteries to Turkey 's border with Syria . The al-Assad government is "  approaching collapse , " Rasmussen said . "  I urge the regime to stop violence , to realize what is the actual situation and initiate a process that leads to the accommodation of the legitimate aspirations of the Syrian people . " Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov offered a similar view from Moscow , noting what he said were rebel reports that victory was imminent . "  We need to look the facts in the eye , " the state-run RIA Novosti news service quoted Bogdanov as saying . "  Unfortunately , we ca n't exclude a victory by the opposition . " His comments came as opposition groups said they had seized a military base near Damascus and amid calls by the Local Coordination Committees for rebels to push for the fall of the capital . "  We all know that the battle is not going to be easy and that the regime will defend its existence by the most brutal means , as we have become accustomed to seeing , " the opposition group said . "  We know that the regime will spare no resources in destroying any hold it may have before its collapse , as we have witnessed in all other Syrian cities . " Diplomatic efforts to help end the 21-month conflict , which opposition activists say has claimed more than 42,000 lives , have so far failed . A rebel victory would unleash a host of complications for the shattered country , including the need to quickly assemble a functioning government ; to provide humanitarian assistance as winter approaches ; and to address the status of the chemical weapons currently held by regime forces . U.S. official : Syria uses Scud missiles against rebels The regime has shown no signs of backing down . On Thursday , the LCC reported that 138 people had been killed by government forces , including seven children and four women . Sixty-nine of the deaths occurred in Damascus and its suburbs , it said . Syrian state TV , citing a foreign ministry official , denied Thursday Western accusations that the government has used Scud missiles against rebels inside the country , a move analysts and world leaders have described as a dangerous escalation in President Bashar al-Assad 's campaign against the rebellion . A U.S. official said Syrian forces in Damascus loyal to al-Assad had fired at least four short-range Scud missiles from the capital into northern Syria , presumably at rebel groups . Rasmussen said NATO also had detected launches this week . "  We ca n't confirm details of the missiles , but some of the information indicates they were Scud-type missiles , " Rasmussen said . "  The use of such indiscriminate weapons shows utter disregard for the lives of the Syrian people . It is reckless , and I strongly condemn it . " Aleppo Today TV becomes vital news source amid Syria 's chaos The predictions of defeat for al-Assad and his forces come amid rising international recognition of the Syrian opposition . On Tuesday , President Barack Obama extended U.S. recognition to the rebel coalition . The more than 100 nations in the Friends of Syria group followed suit on Wednesday and pledged at least $ 110 million in humanitarian aid . Coalition Vice President George Sabra said rebels were pleased with the gestures , but had hoped the United States would go further by naming the group not just as a legitimate representative of the Syrian people but as their sole legitimate representative . Syrian officials belittled the declarations . Information Minister Omran al-Zoebi said the recognition was comparable to Syria recognizing "  Liverpool Football Club as the sole representative of the British people while in fact it represented very little , " Britain 's Independent newspaper said . As fighting subsides , Aleppo residents find little left Also Thursday , Amnesty International urged rebel leaders to free a Ukrainian journalist accused of working with Syrian government officials and to respect international accords on human rights . "  There are increasing reports of opposition forces carrying out horrific abuses of captured government soldiers , journalists and some other civilians , " Amnesty said Thursday . "  The coalition must condemn these grave abuses in the strongest possible terms and do its utmost to prevent them . " The LCC called on rebels to deliver a knockout punch to the regime while protecting civilians , religious sites and the nation 's cultural heritage . It also urged rebels to preserve any documents found in offices of state security services seized by rebels in preparation for possible war crimes trials . "  These documents contain massive amounts of incriminating evidence against the regime and its symbols and will be required to hold the regime accountable , compensate victims and retain a historical record of decades of state behavior , " the group said . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said U.S. government-trained medical workers have reached an estimated 410,000 patients in Syria , performed 22,370 surgeries and had partnered with a group -- which she would not identify for security reasons -- that has set up 20 field hospitals in the country . "  I do n't think any of us has a crystal ball as to exactly how this is going to go , but we do believe that the Assad regime 's days are numbered , " Nuland said . "  The opposition in recent days and weeks has made a number of significant captures , in particular major military facility outside of Aleppo with the last Sheik Suleiman base and other important military installations . " She urged Russian officials to withdraw support for the al-Assad regime . An afternoon with a Syrian bombmaker CNN 's Barbara Starr , Tom Watkins , Jill Dougherty , Mike Mount , Ben Brumfield and David Ariosto contributed to this report .	Rights group urges rebels to abide by international accords amid report of "  horrible abuses " Collapse of Syrian regime appears inevitable , NATO chief says Syria 's apparent use of Scud missiles is "  reckless , " Anders Fogh Rasmussen says Opposition group calls for rebels to protect religious , cultural sites
CNN  -- Things are looking horrible for President Barack Obama . There 's the Obamacare website fiasco . Ongoing allegations of National Security Agency spying on European leaders . There was the government shutdown that damaged the economy on his watch . And a new poll released this week finds Obama with his lowest approval rating -- and his highest disapproval rating -- ever . If this were a movie , we would be at the part where the hero finds himself surrounded . He has no escape routes and he 's outgunned . What will happen next : Will our hero prevail like John McClane in "  Die Hard , " or will he fail like William Wallace in "  Braveheart " ? Well , the good news for Obama is that the script for the final scenes of his presidency has not been written yet . The bad news is that he may not be the one writing it . Simply put : Obama is not the protagonist driving his own story . Rather , his storyline is being dictated by others . No question , he has long had trouble controlling the narrative , with a GOP bent on denying him , basically , everything he wants . But now he 's heading toward the end of his final term -- and the clock is ticking on his agenda . Obama 's main antagonist , of course , is the hyper-partisan Congress that refuses to agree on the most basic issues , such as raising the debt ceiling , which Congress has done more than 40 times since 1980 . And unless something changes , it 's looking bad for immigration reform , universal background checks for gun purchases , income tax reform or any of the other proposals he outlined in his State of the Union nine months ago . Perhaps the worst thing about the problems with the Obamacare website is that they occurred at a time when things were finally looking politically brighter for Obama . Though the government shutdown had been an unwelcome setback , polls showed after it ended that Americans blamed the Republicans in Congress for it much more than they blamed him . It looked as if Obama had righted his ship and would be able to refocus Americans on his priorities . It was as if Obama had become George Clooney as the captain of the fishing boat in "  The Perfect Storm . " The rain has stopped , the ocean is turning calm and there is even a glimmer of sunlight ; he 's beaten the storm . But then moments later , the sky darkens and there is a deluge of rain . The choppy waters  in this case , the Obamacare website debacle  soon consume the ship . Is this Obama 's metaphoric fate ? He can accept another plotline -- let 's say of "  Gravity , " with Obama as a character like Sandra Bullock 's , hit with one harrowing challenge after another . This may be exciting to watch , but not great for the character , who has no idea what will happen next . I 'd recommend a different story line . I 'd use the ending of "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid " as inspiration and metaphorically go out with guns blazing . Why not set some lofty goals that will frame the agenda anew going forward ? First , Obama should announce that retaking control of the House in 2014 is a top priority . Yes , many districts have been gerrymandered to all but ensure re-election for Republican House members . But he should take the fight to his adversaries anyway . Unseating some tea party House members has become newly possible after the shutdown mess . Their approval ratings are just below toe fungus . Can the President maneuver through this new landscape and turn it to his advantage ? Even getting more moderate Republicans into the House could be a step toward sanity .  Sometimes you have to improvise to make a story line work . Obama should also use executive orders to the extent legally possible to attain his policy objectives . He did this very thing in 2011 when he ordered that many children of parents illegally in the United States would no longer be deported . Sure , the Republicans will push back -- they will say Obama is behaving like a "  king " or "  tyrant " and complain about him nightly on Fox News . But the upside is that the debate will be about the issues the President has chosen . It 's denouement time for Obama as we enter the final act of his presidency . Will the President 's agenda continue to be dictated by others , making him nothing more than a lame duck , caretaker President ? Or will he use every means at his discretion to write his own story ? Obama is the star of this movie . The only question is : How is it going to end ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Obama in a tough stretch , facing policy debacles , low poll numbers If it were a movie , his character would be surrounded -- but he can change outcome , he says He says he must aggressively press agenda and also aim for Democrats to retake House Obeidallah : GOP dictating narrative , but he must take control before term runs out
CNN  -- A small boy , perched on an open catwalk in a candy factory , falls to his death . No , it is not a macabre moment out of "  Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory . " It is a true story told by social reformer Jane Addams , who founded Chicago 's Hull House in 1889 . Addams also described little girls who refused sweets as Christmas gifts that year . "  They could not bear the sight of it , " Addams wrote . "  We discovered that that they had worked from 7 in the morning until 9 at night , and they were exhausted . " These Dickensian scenes lasted in America from the late 19th century until 1938 , when child labor was outlawed under the Fair Labor Standards Act . They are a sobering reminder of why the nation marks Labor Day . To most Americans , the first Monday in September means a three-day weekend and the last hurrah of summer , a final outing at the shore before school begins , a family picnic . But Labor Day was born in a time when work was no picnic . As America was moving from farms to factories in the Industrial Age , there was a long , violent , often-deadly struggle for fundamental workers ' rights , a struggle that in many ways was America 's "  other civil war . " It was a war fought when 12-hour days and six-day weeks were routine . Wages were low ; there were no sick days , pensions or holidays . There was certainly no unemployment insurance . Any attempts at organizing were met by the combined wrath of business and government . The business of America was business . That conflict , a period in which thousands of workers died in America 's unsafe and unsanitary factories and mines , and hundreds more died in riots and pitched battles over workers ' rights , is the little-noted history behind this holiday . The first American Labor Day is dated to a parade organized by unions in New York on September 5 , 1882 , as a celebration of "  the strength and spirit of the American worker . " Their goals were simple : decent wages , an eight-hour workday and the right to organize . The September date was selected to provide a respite for workers and their families midway between July Fourth and Thanksgiving Day . By all accounts , the first Labor Day was a peaceful affair that drew tens of thousands of workers and their families to the city 's Union Square Park . But the path to a national Labor Day holiday was no walk in the park . The federal Labor Day was created 12 years later , signed into law by President Grover Cleveland during his second term in 1894 . It 's not that Cleveland was a great friend of labor . In fact , he had just sent out troops to break a strike . During the economic depression known as the Panic of 1893 , workers for the Pullman Car Co. , one of the country 's largest manufacturers , walked off their jobs when Pullman tried to cut wages , fire workers and evict them from their company-owned homes . They were joined by hundreds of thousands of workers in a nationwide walkout . Facing a strike that would shut down America 's railroads , Cleveland dispatched 12,000 federal troops on the premise that the strike interfered with the U.S. Mail . In the ensuing violence , at least 13 strikers were killed . This was not the first time troops had been used against American workers . Federal soldiers , state militias and private armies , often from the Pinkerton Detective Agency , had used deadly force to break many 19th-century strikes . Some of these strikes had become pitched battles , like the Homestead strike of 1892 in Pennsylvania . There , men on both sides armed with rifles and cannons died fighting over keeping a union at a steel mill , a union that owner Andrew Carnegie and manager Henry Frick were determined to break . After crushing the Pullman strike , Cleveland thought that granting workers a Labor Day holiday was a sop that would appease them as he sought a third term .  It did n't work ; he was denied the Democratic nomination in 1896 .  Politicians and labor leaders were content to keep the holiday in September , far from the growing popularity of May Day as a commemoration of the "  Martyrs of Haymarket Square , " a group of union leaders executed -- unjustly , it was later proved -- after Chicago 's deadly Haymarket Square Riots in May 1884 . For unions , Labor Day proved a hollow victory . Most of the reforms they sought did not come about for nearly half a century . The Depression-era fair labor laws that were passed under Franklin D. Roosevelt finally set standards like the eight-hour day and an end to child labor . This history is worth remembering on Labor Day . But at a moment when American workers are battered by high unemployment , the Great Recession , a technology revolution in the workplace and globalization , there seems to be little to celebrate . And these economic forces are only part of the relentless pressures faced by America 's work force . There is also a renewed war over labor in this country . It is being fought in battleground states including , most notably , Wisconsin , Ohio , New Jersey and Florida , where mostly Republican governors are wrangling with public employees over pay , pensions and more fundamental issues including the right of collective bargaining . Their sharp anti-union rhetoric has increasingly found receptive listeners who have been convinced that "  spoiled " unions and public employees -- the people who fight our fires , teach our children and pick up our garbage -- are at fault for our budgetary woes and the sorry state of the economy . The fight has been vitriolic but well short of the violence of America 's "  other civil war . " With that in mind , it is worth recalling President Abraham Lincoln 's words during the dark early days of the real Civil War . "  Capital is only the fruit of labor , and could never have existed if labor had not first existed , " he told Congress in December 1861 . "  Labor is the superior of capital and deserves much the higher consideration , " Today , the first Republican president 's words would count as heresy in the GOP . But they are a sharp reminder that working men and women built this country and fought its wars . And their labors are worth more than a Monday holiday or the mean-spirited contempt they now face . They deserve , as Lincoln said , "  the higher consideration . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kenneth Davis .	Ken Davis : Today , labor under fire . But war for workers ' rights was long , deadly struggle There was child labor , 12-hour days , 6-day weeks , low wages , no sick days , holidays Soldiers , militias , private armies used deadly force to break 19th-century strikes Labor Day born in 1894 , he says , but reform did n't come till FDR 's fair labor laws
CNN  -- If there were any doubt that the members of the Monty Python troupe would n't be holding back in their farewell show , it came with a rousing version of "  Every Sperm Is Sacred . " The performance of the "  Meaning of Life " song included a whole range of props , including cannons in the shape of phalluses . And what 's the point of bringing out phallus-shaped cannons if you 're not going to , uh , set them off ? Python has always been equal parts deadpan and silly , highbrow and low , and the "  Monty Python Live  Mostly  " show -- which concluded Sunday at London 's O2 Arena and was simulcast all over the world -- highlighted those distinctions . Among the sketches performed by the group were the Yorkshiremen , in which the four attempt to one-up each another in remembering horrible childhoods ; "  Crunchy Frog , " in which John Cleese 's inspector challenges Terry Jones ' confectioner over some interesting chocolate creations ; and , of course , the "  Parrot Sketch , " which was combined with the "  Cheese Shop " sketch , allowing Cleese and Michael Palin to indulge in their fondness for synonyms and euphemisms . In that one , Cleese and Palin seemed to be having a particularly good time , stepping on each other 's lines in high-spirited confusion . Cleese also got in an impromptu knock against a British newspaper editor . The "  Monty Python Live  Mostly  " show has gotten decent reviews  mostly  during its three-week run , many praising the group for its contribution to comedy if lamenting the casualness of the live production . The final show was apparently little changed from the debut , with its many musical numbers and occasional hesitations . There were a couple special guests for the final show -- Eddie Izzard and Mike Myers -- and physicist Stephen Hawking , who joined a videotaped skit , was in the live audience . Nevertheless , if the group did n't break any new ground , then again , it did n't have to . "  It gives the crowd exactly what they want but relies pretty heavily on the fan love and makes a hefty withdrawal from the reputation bank , " wrote The Guardian 's Peter Bradshaw when the show debuted . In a not-quite-full Atlanta theater where the show was simulcast , fans cheered their favorites , anticipating the Spanish Inquisition and singing along with "  The Lumberjack Song . " There were a couple audio glitches at the beginning , but for the most part it was an enjoyable afternoon , with the show functioning more as a celebration of Python history than a demand for new material . Indeed , fans looked on the bright side of Python all over . In Calgary , Alberta , a storm knocked out the audio , but the audience simply started a singalong . As the show came to a close , two frames came up on the O2 's big screen : "  Graham Chapman 1941-1989 , " in memory of the late Python member , and "  Monty Python 1969-2014 . " If this is indeed the end , Python can go out knowing its legacy is secure . And that 's not so completely different .	"  Monty Python Live  Mostly  " concluded Sunday Show was live in London , simulcast all over world Group looked like it was having fun , did n't break new ground
CNN  The world 's most populous country also has the largest -- and fastest growing -- online population . China has now surpassed 649 million users , outnumbering the entire U.S. population two to one , according to official figures released Tuesday . The China Internet Network Information Center 's  CNNIC  35th "  China Internet Development Statistics Report , " documents online usage in the country for 2014 , and identified the staggering number of connected Chinese citizens . The growth of mobile internet is largely credited for the increase , with 80 % of users -- 557 million -- using smartphones and tablets to connect . However , the rate of growth is slowing somewhat , the report said , with 31 million new users added in 2014 compared to 54 million in 2013 . The rate of growth in mobile users was significantly higher than the overall increase , with 57 million new mobile users logging on last year . Despite the huge number and rapid growth of connectivity , the overall population size means that still a majority  52.1 %  of Chinese have no access to the internet . Rural users are heavily outnumbered by their urban counterparts . After China , the U.S. has the second largest number of Internet users , with 280 million , followed by India  243 million  and Japan  109 million  , according to data compiled by the World Bank and United Nations amongst others . Those who are connected largely have a different user experience from internet users in the West , with sites like Twitter , Facebook and Google blocked or severely restricted . Thousands of terms deemed sensitive by the government -- such as "  end one-party dictatorship " -- are also banned . And China 's "  Great Firewall " is getting harder to break through . Prior to the latest crackdown , many Chinese internet users employed VPNs -- virtual private networks -- to get around the draconian censorship laws . But now these VPNs are also being shut down . Without unfettered access , however , some are concerned that China is strangling its nascent "  knowledge economy . " While the huge number of connected users -- particularly those on smart devices -- is a boon to companies like Apple , which credits a large part of its phenomenal quarterly earnings to its huge Chinese fanbase , there is a cost . Strict , new Chinese government rules will subject foreign companies to tailor their products for use within China . By insisting that overseas companies give up source code and back-end data on their China-bound products , could are put at a huge competitive disadvantage . READ MORE : China crackdown makes it harder to get around the Great Firewall	China has 649 million users , outnumbering the entire U.S. population two to one 80 % of users -- 557 million -- use smartphones and tablets to connect "  Great Firewall " means Chinese user experience very different from outside of China
CNN  -- Italian fashion designers Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana lost the appeal of their jail sentence for tax convictions in Italy , their lawyer said Wednesday . The men were sentenced to 18 months in prison by a lower court after being found guilty of failing to pay 40 million euros in taxes owed to the Italian government last year . They must also pay a 500,000 euro fine . The case will now be appealed to Italy 's Supreme Court of Cassation , attorney Armando Simbari told CNN . The Dolce & Gabbana label is a popular brand on luxury clothing and accessories . CNN 's Livia Borghese in Rome contributed to this report .	Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana face 18 months in an Italian prison The designers were found guilty of failing to pay 40 million euros in taxes in Italy The case will be appeal to Italy 's Supreme Court , their lawyer says
CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden recently confided a sensational bit of news to the New Yorker magazine : In a 2011 meeting with Vladimir Putin , he had actually told Russia 's then-prime minister that he had no "  soul . " Even more remarkable was Putin 's response . "  And he looked back at me , and he smiled , and he said , ` We understand one another . ' " Many people -- in Ukraine , Europe , America and even Russia -- probably share Biden and Putin 's estimation of the Russian president 's spiritual condition . In saying Putin has no soul , it means he seems to lack both the capacity to feel emotions and to show empathy . Russia 's leader certainly has a long record of inhumanity . He was an agent of the Soviet secret police , a criminal institution with a record that goes back to the purges of Stalin , a record more bloody than that of the Nazi SS . John Dunlop of Stanford 's Hoover Institution wrote in "  The Moscow Bombings " that there is strong evidence to suggest that Putin was in on the plot to bomb two apartment buildings in Moscow in September 1999 , in which 300 Russian citizens were killed and several hundred others were wounded . He says the bombings were blamed on Chechen rebels as a pretext to invade Chechnya . Putin has funded , promoted , supplied and aided and abetted the Russian and pro-Russian terrorists in eastern Ukraine . And by invading Crimea , he created the conditions of war , hatred and fanaticism that led to the destruction of 298 innocent lives aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 on that day of infamy , July 17 . Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russia rebels ? Is Putin evil ? His actions certainly are , if by evil we understand behavior that willfully , consciously and purposely destroys human life . Perhaps we can call his actions undeniably evil and Putin himself "  evil enough . " Evil enough for what ? Evil enough for condemnation by people of good will . How rebels in Ukraine built up an arsenal capable of reaching the skies If Putin is "  evil enough , " what are the implications for policy-makers ? First , they should openly state that they condemn Putin 's behavior . Because silence implies approval , policy-makers must understand that their moral standing , like that of the countries they represent , is on the line . Evil is indivisible . If they refuse to condemn this instance , they effectively surrender the right to condemn any instance of evil . Second , they should refuse to shake his hand , engage in chitchat , attend photo ops with him and in any way create the impression that they accept his behavior as a socially acceptable . German Chancellor Angela Merkel would not hobnob with a German neo-Nazi ; President Barack Obama would not have drinks with the head of the Ku Klux Klan . By extension , neither of them should hobnob with Putin at World Cup soccer games . Third , policy-makers should avoid doing anything that aids and abets Putin 's proclivities . Since those proclivities largely rest on his ability to employ armaments to cause death , any form of assistance to Putin 's war machine or repressive apparatus is the moral equivalent of supplying barbed wire and bullets to Auschwitz . Two examples will illustrate this point . The Dusseldorf-based German defense company Rheinmetall is manifestly abetting Putin 's evildoing by continuing to insist that it has "  to meet its contractual obligations with Moscow and finalize a combat simulation center where up to 30,000 soldiers could be trained annually . " Since Rheinmetall signed the contract with Russia in 2011 , when Putin 's record was already on full display to the world , it can not claim ignorance of Putin 's evil intentions . France 's continued determination to supply the Putin war machine with two Mistral-class assault ships is no less of a moral outrage . As Robert C. O'Brien , a former U.S. representative to the United Nations , argues , "  With the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight No. 17 , it should now be clear to all observers that Russia is fully intent on subjugating and intimidating its former Soviet constituent states and Warsaw Pact allies , and will do so with the most advanced weapons in its inventory . "  There is no reason to believe that the Mistral-class warships , once in the Russian Navy , will not also be used in the Black Sea , Baltic and Pacific to further increase the pressure on Russia 's neighbors . Given its recent history , Moscow should not be handed another military tool of the Mistral-class magnitude . " This does not mean that morally concerned policy makers should refrain from talking to him entirely . As professor Walter Clemens , an associate of Harvard 's Davis Center , argues in a fascinating paper , "  Can -- Should -- Must We Negotiate with Evil ? " : "  If a cruel dictatorship is willing to negotiate security arrangements likely to limit arms competition and make war less likely , democratic governments should engage and seek verifiable arrangements . " So , yes , according to this logic , talk to Putin about making "  war less likely " in eastern Ukraine and talk to him about limiting "  arms competition . " Otherwise , shun him and everything he stands for . Opinion : Are the pro-Russian rebels terrorists ? Such countries as France and Germany , which have extensive economic relations with Russia , face a difficult moral choice . They must ask themselves whether Putin is evil or evil enough . If they decide his killing spree in eastern Ukraine is neither evil nor evil enough , they must explain -- to themselves and to the rest of the world -- just why they believe the destruction of Ukrainian , Russian , Malaysian , Dutch and other lives is not a form of evil behavior . If , alternatively , Putin 's behavior strikes them as evil , they must either act on that conviction , in the manner suggested above , or explain to themselves and the rest of the world just why their enhancing Putin 's war-making proclivities is not wrong . Pentagon : Russia getting ready to send more powerful weapons into Ukraine Ultimately , France and Germany , as well as all countries that aid and abet Russia 's destructive capabilities , have to decide whether they care more about values or about money . Dictatorships can answer that question easily : Their leaders are indifferent to values . Prosperous capitalist democracies , and especially prosperous capitalist democracies that are part of a self-styled community of values called the European Union , can not take the easy way out and pretend values do not matter . In the final analysis , the willingness of France , Germany and all the other states making up the European Union to respond to Putin 's evil doing will determine the moral fate of the EU . If they sacrifice morality to arms contracts or gas , the EU will have lost its rasion d'etre . Worse , like Putin , it will be without a soul .	Alexander Motyl says Putin has promoted , supplied Russian and pro-Russian terrorists Motyl : Putin was member of brutal secret police and behind invasions in Georgia , Ukraine He is evil enough for all to condemn , Motyl says ; countries ' silence implies approval Motyl : France , Germany must end economic ties with Russia ; EU must take a moral stand
CNN  -- A year ago , President Obama delivered a speech at the National Defense University in Washington in which he made the case that it was time to wind down the "  boundless global war on terror " and "  perpetual wartime footing " that has been a feature of American life since 9/11 . Indeed , the CIA drone program in Pakistan has stopped completely since the beginning of this year . This is a noteworthy development given the fact that there have been 370 drone strikes in Pakistan over the past decade that have killed somewhere between 2,080 to 3,428 people ; most of whom were suspected militants , but also a smaller number of civilians . In his speech the President made the case that al Qaeda , which carried out the 9/11 attacks , "  is on the path to defeat . Their remaining operatives spend more time thinking about their own safety than plotting against us . " Obama outlined the remaining terrorism threat as coming from "  less capable al Qaeda affiliates " who are certainly threats to American diplomatic facilities and businesses abroad , as well from "  homegrown extremists , " like those who bombed the Boston Marathon a little over a year ago . Such homegrown extremists remain capable of carrying out attacks on the scale of the Boston bombings , but such incidents are tragedies rather than national catastrophes , as 9/11 was . In the President 's view these kinds of threats do not necessitate that the country remain on an endless war footing . And , indeed , it is long past time for the United States to transition away from a state of perpetual war now that the threat from al Qaeda to American national security has diminished significantly both because of al Qaeda 's own weaknesses and the many defensive measures the United States has taken since 9/11 . To transition away from a war footing , Obama said he would make changes in three key areas : First by reforming the secret CIA drone program . The President promised that going forward , "  There must be near-certainty that no civilians will be killed or injured " for strikes to be authorized . Second , he said he would move to repeal the Authorization for the Use of Military Force  AUMF  that was passed by Congress just days after the 9/11 attacks . The AUMF authorized not only America 's longest war in Afghanistan , but also U.S. operations against al Qaeda and its allies in Pakistan , Yemen and Somalia . Third , Obama said he would hasten the closing of the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay . So what has changed in the twelve months since Obama gave that speech ? The cessation of drone strikes in Pakistan since the beginning of the year is due to a combination of the President pushing for a more calibrated use of drone strikes ; running out of "  high value " al Qaeda and Taliban targets in Pakistan 's tribal areas ; very strong pushback from the Pakistani public and government who are opposed to the drone strikes on the grounds that they violate Pakistan 's national sovereignty ; and the fact that the Pakistani government is stepping up its own military operations against militants in the Pakistani tribal region of North Waziristan , where the majority of CIA drone strikes have taken place . Air strikes by the Pakistani air force , for instance , killed approximately 60 people on Wednesday in North Waziristan . In Pakistan , there have also been no reported civilian casualties from CIA drone strikes during the past year , according to data collected by the New America Foundation . In contrast , in Yemen , civilian casualties from U.S. drone strikes have remained steady over the past year . From May 2013 to May 2014 , 16 civilians were killed in U.S. drone strikes , including a number of civilians in a mid-December strike that mistakenly targeted a wedding party because intelligence reports identified the vehicles as carrying al Qaeda operatives . There were also 16 civilians killed in drone strikes the previous year in Yemen . Bergen : Drones will fill the sky On drones , it is clear that the President 's directives to tighten up on the protocols for authorizing drone strikes have made some real differences in Pakistan both in terms of the falling numbers of civilian casualties and the cessation of drone strikes there . But in Yemen , while the number of civilian casualties has remained constant , the number of drone strikes is actually declining . Since the president 's speech , there have been 29 drone strikes in Yemen . There were 36 strikes in the 12 months before . Last May , Obama also said he looked forward "  to engaging Congress and the American people in efforts to refine , and ultimately repeal , the AUMF 's mandate . " Since it was this Authorization for the Use of Force that made possible the introduction of combat troops into Afghanistan 13 years ago , the natural moment to ultimately repeal the declaration is as the last of U.S. combat troops leave Afghanistan at the end of this year . For the moment , the administration has n't taken up this effort , which could meet a good deal of opposition from some in the Republican party who would likely want to extend and even expand the authorization so that it could permit the use of U.S. military force against al Qaeda-aligned groups around the world . Opinion : When will drones stop killing innocent people in Yemen ? And repealing the authorization would also raise some knotty national security and political issues given the present political paralysis and rancor in Congress . First , U.S. Special Operations raids against al-Qaeda members and allies in Libya and Somalia in 2013 were conducted under the AUMF . How does one get congressional buy-in for a more narrow legal framework that might constrain such raids ? Second , since the drone program draws its legal validity partly from the AUMF , how would that declaration 's expiration affect the use of drones in countries such as Pakistan ? Third , what should the United States do about the 40 or so prisoners at Guantanamo Bay who are deemed "  too dangerous to release , " but are not chargeable with a crime , and who would theoretically have to be released if the present authorization for the use of force expired ? Without that authorization it would not be possible to treat Guantanamo detainees as prisoners of war since the war would be effectively over . President Obama also promised to wind down the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay  GTMO  . Since that speech , there have been a number of prisoners released from Guantanamo , including two Algerian prisoners who were transferred to Algeria in August , and three Chinese Uighur prisoners captured in Afghanistan who were transferred to Slovakia in December . A recent agreement with Uruguayan President Jos  Monica would allow a further six of the remaining 154 prisoners in Gitmo to be transferred to Uruguay . At the same time , the Obama administration has in the past year successfully put a number of high profile militants on trial in the Southern District of New York , such as bin Laden 's son in law , Suleiman Abu Ghaith , and Abu Hamza , a London-based cleric who helped to direct the 1998 kidnapping of Western tourists in Yemen by al Qaeda-aligned militants . Despite much hand wringing by politicians about trying prominent terrorists in the United States , those trials , which have taken place a few blocks from the newly rebuilt World Trade Center , have proceeded without incident and juries have speedily convicted the terrorists on all counts . Given the speed and efficacy of these trials , perhaps it 's time for the Obama administration to abandon the military tribunal process at Guantanamo altogether and bring 9/11 operational planner Khalid Sheik Mohammed  KSM  to trial in Manhattan . Such a plan was scuppered three years ago , in part , because of opposition from politicians in New York who claimed it was a public safety risk to hold KSM 's trial in Manhattan . These concerns seemed overwrought even at the time and are effectively moot at this point . KSM has spent the past eleven years in American captivity but still he has not been put on trial because he is tangled in the cumbersome and largely untested military tribunal process in Guantanamo . To summarize : Since the President 's speech arguing for ending America 's endless war on terror , there has been a marked change in the CIA 's drone program in Pakistan , which has effectively ended . Yet there has been little real change in the similar drone program in Yemen . Meanwhile , there has been incremental progress on emptying the prison camp at Guantanamo and real progress on using the ordinary civilian court system to convict prominent terrorists . As yet there is no serious discussion in Congress or by the White House about what , if anything , might happen to the Authorization for the Use of Military Force  AUMF  . Given the political realities in Washington , our guess is the AUMF will simply remain in place indefinitely because any effort to replace it or end it will encounter resistance in Congress .	A year ago , President Obama gave a key speech on the "  boundless ... war on terror " He signaled new restrictions on drones and an effort to wind down Guantanamo detention Peter Bergen : Obama 's changes have led to virtual suspension of drones in Pakistan He says drone war goes on in Yemen , small progress has been made on Guantanamo
CNN  -- Salman Ahmad is a devout Pakistani Muslim on jihad -- but his holy war is a rock 'n' roll battle against intolerance , he says . He 's the frontman of the band Junoon . He 's sold 30 million albums . And he says music is a powerful weapon against extremism . "  My own personal narrative tells me that arts and culture is mightier than the sword , " he told CNN during a tour of the United Kingdom Thursday . Ahmad , who was born in Pakistan and grew up in New York , has set himself an ambitious goal -- not only fighting Muslims ' own misconceptions about their religion , but reclaiming the very word "  jihad " from extremists . It 's come to mean violent holy war of the kind waged by al Qaeda and the Taliban . But Ahmad says that 's not its true meaning . "  There has been a sinister case of identity theft where the extremists have hijacked not only language but culture , " he said . "  Jihad means to strive , to overcome your ego , to work for social justice and peace . " That may be why his new book and album are called "  Rock & Roll Jihad . " He insists his long-haired , guitar-driven rock music is entirely compatible with Islam . "  Anybody who says that music is un-Islamic is a poser , " he said . "  Muslims have expressed their faith , their lives , their hopes , through music , through poetry , for 1,400 years . " His own music is a fusion of the wildly disparate influences he grew up with , he said . "  I was a 13-year-old from Pakistan  when I  arrived in a suburban cocoon like New York , " he recalled . "  My exposure to rock-and-roll was watching Led Zeppelin in Madison Square Garden . " Frontman Jimmy Page "  had a two-headed guitar and dragons painted on his pants , and I said : ` That 's what I want to do with the rest of my life . ' " "  My music takes equal inspiration from classic rock like Led Zeppelin and the Beatles and also Sufi poetry , " he said , citing a mystical Muslim tradition . "  We are in the same tradition of musicians who are sending out a message of love , a message of joy . " And while he may seem like a trailblazer -- and be one -- he said he is not alone . South Indian Muslim composer A.R. Rahman won an Academy Award for best song for "  Slumdog Millionaire 's " anthemic "  Jai Ho , " Ahmad observed . And Ahmad 's mentor , Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan , performed with Peter Gabriel and Pearl Jam 's Eddie Vedder . "  He said to me , "  The Quran promotes cultural diversity , so why not play with rockers ? ' " Ahmad 's done some high-profile collaborations of his own , including recording a song with American rocker Melissa Etheridge . "  I saw him perform at the concert and was amazed by his vocal and guitar abilities . Here was this traditional Eastern sound that was rocking hard at the same time , " Etheridge writes in the introduction to Ahmad 's new book . They traded ideas , resulting in the song "  Ring The Bells . " She remembers listening to some tunes he recorded to kick off their collaboration : "  I found in one track a haunting guitar part that I kept playing over and over until finally the words started to come . ` Whose God is God ? Whose light is light ? Whose law is wrong ? Whose might is right ? ' " The message is resonating , Ahmad said . He has played rock concerts in the disputed territory of Kashmir , with "  thousands of kids braving death threats going to hear concerts , " he said . "  It 's a way for people to vent their emotions . Junoon 's sold over 30 million albums , " he said . "  That music was n't bought by a fringe . That 's a mainstream majority . "	Muslim rocker Salman Ahmad says music can fight intolerance "  Anyone who says music is un-Islamic is a poser , " he says Influenced by both Led Zeppelin and Sufi poetry , he 's sold 30 million albums His mentor played with Peter Gabriel , while he 's collaborated wth Melissa Etheridge
CNN  -- Public schools in Tucson , Arizona , face millions of dollars in penalties after a ruling that the district 's Mexican-American studies program violates state law . An administrative law judge found the program 's curriculum was teaching Latino history and culture "  in a biased , political , and emotionally charged manner , " and upheld state officials ' findings that it violated a state law passed in 2010 . The Tucson Unified School District had appealed a decision by the law 's principal backer , then-state schools superintendent Tom Horne , to shut down the program . Horne left office at the end of 2010 , but his successor , John Huppenthal , backed Horne 's ruling in June . Huppenthal said Tuesday 's ruling shows "  that it was the right decision . " "  In the end , I made a decision based on the totality of the information and facts gathered during my investigation -- a decision that I felt was best for all students in the Tucson Unified School District , " he said in a written statement . Under the law , the state can withhold 10 % of its funding for the school district -- about $ 15 million a year -- until the district changes the course . In a written statement , Tucson Superintendent John Pedicone said the school board 's lawyers are reviewing the ruling , and board members will discuss it at their January 3 meeting . During their appeal , district officials pointed out that an audit commissioned by Huppenthal praised the program and found "  no observable evidence " that the classes violated state law . A witness for the school system argued that teaching students "  historical facts of oppression and racism " was less likely to promote "  racial resentment " -- something specifically banned by the 2010 law -- than ignoring that history . In Tuesday 's ruling , administrative law judge Lewis Kowal said the auditors observed only a limited number of classes . He added , "  Teaching oppression objectively is quite different than actively presenting material in a biased , political , and emotionally charged manner . " "  Teaching in such a manner promotes social or political activism against the white people , promotes racial resentment , and advocates ethnic solidarity , instead of treating pupils as individuals , " Kowal wrote . He cited a lesson that taught students that the historic treatment of Mexican-Americans was "  marked by the use of force , fraud and exploitation , " and a parent 's complaint that one of her daughters , who was white , was shunned by Latino classmates after a government course was taught "  in an extremely biased manner . " The 2010 law also bans courses that "  promote the overthrow of the United States government , " are "  designed for a specific ethnic group " or advocate "  ethnic solidarity instead of the treatment of pupils as individuals . " It was passed in the same session of the state legislature that produced Arizona 's controversial law cracking down on illegal immigration . A group of teachers has asked a federal court to throw out the restrictions , arguing they passed as "  a result of racial bias and anti-Hispanic beliefs and sentiments . " Richard Martinez , the lawyer who represents the teachers in that case , said the decision was expected "  under the circumstances . " "  The law was written in a way that allows the superintendent of public instruction to control the outcome , " Martinez told CNN . And Kowal noted that he was working under the assumption that the law is constitutional , "  ignoring any questions raised " to the contrary , Martinez said .	Courses were "  biased , political , and emotionally charged , " a state official rules The finding could cost Tucson schools $ 15 million a year A 2010 Arizona law bars classes that promote "  racial resentment " or "  ethnic solidarity " An earlier audit found the classes did n't violate that law
CNN  -- Superstorm Sandy has caused more damage , death and homelessness in New York and New Jersey than any climate-related event in living memory . Yet with two damaging hurricanes two years in a row , and with what science is telling us , this does not feel like a once-in-a-lifetime event . It feels like a trend . With what we know about rising sea level and what we understand about the rate of world warming and how tropical storms pull their strength from the temperature of the ocean , Sandy feels like a very harshly spoken word to the wise . And so the answer to the question "  What should we do next ? " may be difficult , with truly profound implications . I think we really have only two viable long-term building options : 1  Barricade . 2  Retreat . Rebuilding is not a viable option . And what would we barricade ? The whole Long Island to southern New Jersey area ? Boston to Washington ? The East Coast ? Opinion : What 's next after Superstorm Sandy ? The Netherlands relies on dikes to keep out the sea . There are gates in England to close rivers to storm surges of the kind that last week blew open my friend 's garage door on 22nd Street east of 11th Avenue in New York City , suddenly washing him to the back of his studio , submerging him briefly , floating tons of his art-making tools and ruining decades of drawings and the tools of his trade . Others fared worse , of course . One of my neighbors nearly drowned trying to walk from her home to higher ground half a mile away ; two unknown heroes in survival suits wading in waist-high water appeared at the height of the storm and pulled her and her swimming dogs into a canoe and walked them to safety . Her house remains habitable , unlike many others along the coast of Long Island , New York and New Jersey . Map : See images of destruction , recovery across the East Coast By flooding areas that few suspected were within the reach of seawater , Sandy told us that the "  coast " is a wider ribbon than we thought it was last week . So for the hard questions : Should people rebuild ? Should the whole country pay for it ? I certainly love shoreside living . I love walking the beach in the morning with my dogs . I love my boat and the people at Montauk 's Westlake Marina where I keep it . I love many facets of the always dynamic water borderlands , the birds and fishes , the turtles and dolphins and other creatures who , in their seasons , draw tight to our coastline . There is magic . And part of that magic is its timelessness . And part of the timelessness is that as the coast changes , the coast is what remains . And yet it moves . I have federal flood insurance , thank you . But really , it 's time you considered cutting me off . I am not against people taking their chances along the shore . Risk is part of what draws us . But the risk should be ours to take and bear if we want to . Federal flood insurance is a counterproductive way for the rest of the country to subsidize people -- putting billions of dollars and millions of lives at continuous risk , encouraging wholly inappropriate development . And it encourages larger , more expensive homes  often second homes  than fewer people would build if their insurance premiums reflected real risk . In fact , few private insurers will touch most of these places . Let us think twice , fully comprehend that the stakes are ours alone , and then let those of us willing to risk it take our chances . The government should at this time help victims get their lives back on track . But no federal dollars should magically appear for rebuilding in flood-prone areas . The spots that flood will take repeated hits . Everyone knows this . To help people rebuild in those places is to help put lives and investment in harm 's way . It 's foolish . Where I live , the houses that stayed dry are the ones just high enough to let water flow around into the extensive , protected wetlands . The houses that flooded stand where water goes on its way to wetlands . Eatocracy : Volunteers dish up support after Sandy Wetlands are wet for a reason . We would be wise to rebuild in ways that let water flow around dwellings into restored wetlands . Then , two things would start happening : One : Wetlands , recovered oyster reefs , fish nurseries and wildlife would all be part of a revitalized coastal protection strategy that simultaneously includes recovery of valuable living resources . Two : The taxpaying public could begin to regain access to the coast for recreation , access too often denied by private development that is largely enabled by taxpayer-funded federal flood insurance . Eliminating taxpayer-funded flood insurance to people now insured in low , flood-prone areas  including where I live  can be done compassionately , honoring existing insured persons with funding in the aftermath of this wreckage . But importantly , insurance that would up to now go for rebuilding should be redirected toward relocation and resettlement . That is easier said ; for many , relocation would be wrenching . But losing your home or your life can be wrenching , too . Insurance for new building in flood-prone areas should be ended . People who really want to take their chances should do just that , or pay real commercial insurance premiums if they can find a willing insurer . Eventually even Lloyd 's of London will likely decide it 's had enough . Insurers must be realistic about risk in ways politicians do n't have to be . Will we choose a wiser course that recognizes that we 're still in the path of the next big storm ? I would n't bet on it . The nonviable option -- to keep rebuilding all the time -- is what people will likely choose . From a decision-making viewpoint , it 's easier to make no decision . But the frequency of big storms appears likely to increase in the Northeast . It 's not a time for easy decisions , because we wo n't be faced with easy events . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carl Safina .	Safina : New York , New Jersey has been hit with two hurricanes in two years He says the two choices are to barricade the coast or retreat Safina : Rebuilding with federally subsidized insurance puts lives , investments in danger
Ice fishers in Minnesota are reeling from a recent FAA decision prohibiting beer delivery by drone . Local brewery Lakemaid was testing a new drone delivery system to airlift frosty cases of beer to fishermen holed up in ice shacks on Mille Lacs Lake . After spotting a Lakemaid YouTube video that went up last week of one of the unmanned aerial vehicles  UAVs  on a test run , the Federal Aviation Administration contacted Lakemaid and told the company to stop . Unfortunately for Lakemaid fans and anyone else dreading a walk to the corner store , it 's currently against the law to fly drones for commercial purposes or above 400 feet in the United States . The FAA is working on a comprehensive set of rules and regulations that will pave the way for commercial drone flight , but the legislation wo n't be ready until at least 2015 and drones might not be in the skies until 2017 . Until then , thirsty fishermen must obtain their beverages through old-fashioned terrestrial delivery methods . The great beer grounding of 2014 might just be the issue that will turn Americans into pro-drone advocates . A WhiteHouse.gov petition has already gone up , asking the Obama administration to issue Lakemaid an airworthiness certificate . So far , 183 thirsty UAV advocates have signed the petition  only 99,817 signatures to go !  . Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul has previously expressed his support of aerial beer delivery on Twitter . In August he said "  Perhaps I am not against ALL drones ! " and linked to a news story about a drone delivering beers during a music festival in South Africa . Only amateurs are allowed to fly drones at this time , and they 're limited to small vehicles under 55 pounds . They can only operate the aircraft for fun , not for profit , and they must adhere to local and federal laws . For example , drones are not allowed to cruise over populated areas . Some groups have received exceptions to test drones for research purposes . "  While we are evaluating many potential uses of -LSB- UAVs -RSB- as we move toward their safe integration into the nation 's airspace , commercial operation of such aircraft is not yet allowed , " said FAA spokesperson Elizabeth Cory in an e-mail . Announcing plans to deliver goods by drone has been a popular publicity stunt for U.S. companies over the past year . On a recent "  60 Minutes " segment , Amazon demonstrated a drone delivery system it 's working on for packages . The company conducted the tests outside the country to avoid breaking U.S. law . In June , the Domino 's pizza chain said it was developing a drone capable of delivering up to two pizzas . The FAA has asked other companies and institutions to ground their drones in the past year . The agency has contacted a company in Wisconsin that used drones to capture aerial footage for real estate . And the Drone Journalism Lab at the University of Nebraska received a cease-and-desist letter for its attempts to use drones for reporting purposes . Even once FAA regulations are in place , we likely wo n't see the skies filling up with beer deliveries . Interested companies will have to get proper training and licenses . "  We are concerned about possible careless and reckless operation , especially if someone on the ground is hurt by an object or objects falling from the -LSB- UAVs -RSB- , " said Cory , citing the FAA regulation that prohibits careless flying . Delivery of goods is expected to be a small segment of future drone market . The bigger commercial uses will focus on agriculture , law enforcement and aerial photography . Delicious test cases like beer and fast-food delivery might be gimmicky , but they can help ease the public 's concerns about drones in the sky . The technology is mostly known for its military applications , and civil liberties groups are concerned about drones being used for surveillance by law enforcement . Local residents in Deer Trail , Colorado , have even attempted to pass a law that makes it legal to shoot down drones with the proper drone hunting license . But the next generation of friendly drones are n't all packing weapons or collecting data for the NSA . Some just want to bring you a nice cold one and maybe a slice without getting stuck in traffic .	Wisconsin beer company Lakemaid was testing beer delivery by drone for local ice fishermen The FAA has told the company to ground any drones It 's currently illegal to fly the unmanned aerial vehicles for commercial purposes
CNN  -- We 're barely 60 miles southeast of the home of China 's latest sports phenomenon , but as kickoff approaches the atmosphere in Hong Kong is , in contrast to European Champions League nights , muted at best . The city 's fans , it seems , do n't always have the stomach for 3.30 a.m. kickoffs . A mere border may separate Hong Kong from Guangdong and its flagship sports franchise , Guangzhou Evergrande FC , but the city sleeps , unaware , or uncaring , that the team from the neighboring province is playing the game of their lives . This team , which was languishing in China 's second division when property magnate Xu Jiayin bought it in 2010 , has just played current European champions Bayern Munich at the Stade d'Agadir in Morocco . There is no feeling of ownership here of the team that has surprised everyone , and captured a historic trophy in the process , as Hong Kong fans struggle to even find the FIFA Club World Cup on their dials . The fiscal situation of this Southern Chinese team is not dissimilar to that at , say , Chelsea or Manchester City , both title hopefuls in England 's overwhelmingly popular Premier League , or Ligue 1 's Paris Saint Germain , who have similarly benefited enormously from the largesse of well-to-do owners . All three have designs on Europe 's biggest prize , the Champions League . Chinese domestic football ca n't hope to match the popularity of English or Spanish football here in Hong Kong , but even so there 's been little sense of occasion tonight . If anyone was capturing hearts and minds it would have been the Bayern players , with an assured victory over the newly wealthy Chinese , with three rapid-fire goals around the half-time whistle sealing victory in a game in which Guangzhou failed to score . The result was never really in doubt -- the question was rather the severity of the mauling , but just to be on the same pitch in a competitive match , albeit as underdogs , is enough for many Mainland fans . After all , Bayern are the team of wunder-coach Pep Guardiola , formerly of storied serial winners FC Barcelona , along with players such as midfield maestro Philip Lahm and Ballon d'Or hopeful Franck Ribery . While it might have been hard to tell in Hong Kong , it has been arguably the biggest night of Guangzhou Evergrande 's short existence , eclipsing even the AFC Champion 's League victory over FC Seoul on away goals in October , a victory orchestrated by Italy 's 2006 World Cup-winning coach Marcelo Lippi . China 's last success on the Asian stage came over two decades earlier -- before some of the players on the pitch were even born -- when Liaoning triumphed in the now-defunct Asian Club Championship . Xu , who runs property developer Evergrande Real Estate Group and is reportedly China 's 13th richest man , energized Chinese football when his team lifted the AFC Champions League trophy in October . And while it is nigh-on impossible to break the hegemony of the European leagues ' popularity in Asia , beating the best of Korea , Japan and Iran -- who supplied the other representatives of the semi-finals -- proved that China could compete with the best , regionally at least , and brought them to the world 's attention last night . The Chinese team beat African champions Al Ahly in Saturday 's quarter final to set up the semifinal clash with Bayern , whose form under Guardiola has been frighteningly good . While aspirations of beating this stellar team may be beyond the Chinese arrivistes at present , their last match showed promise . With success comes profile , and with profile , fans . "  I 'm not a fan yet , just interested , " Louis Tong says by email the day before the match . This Hong Kong-based Manchester United fan said he was planning on getting up -- or staying up -- to watch the match . "  It makes me proud to see a Chinese team playing at this level , and if they win I 'll think about starting to go up to watch their games in Guangzhou . " Prizing the loyalty of already-declared fans like Tong away from their European teams might be a hard sell for an outfit that routinely plies its trade week-in , week-out in the parochial confines of the Chinese Super League , but the team 's run of form has started to win them new admirers , like 19-year-old Yue Xu , who comes from Guangzhou but studying in Rennes , in France . "  I am not a real fan , ' " she says , also by email . "  However . maybe later I 'll be more interested -LSB- in the team -RSB- ... -LSB- the club 's -RSB- success attracts me to become a fan of it . "  Xu Jiayin is starting a long-term project -- he is setting up football schools and recruiting the best coaches . " Ahead of the game , she remains coy about predicting the result , but with an admirable optimism says , "  I believe that my team , our Chinese team will make a miracle . " But not everyone in China is convinced . Gong Lei , President of China Fanclub des FC Bayern M 1/4 nchen in Beijing , tells CNN that he 's happy that Bayern played a Chinese team . "  On one hand it 's my favorite team , and on the other it 's a team from my country , " he says via a translator . "  It 's not that much of a test of my loyalty . I pay much more attention to Bayern 's games and even though Guangzhou is a Chinese team I do n't follow them so closely . "  I hope that at some point in the future a Chinese team will be able to rival a European team but for the present there 's still quite a gap in the skill level . But this is a good start , and for Chinese teams to play European teams more often is a good learning opportunity . "	Hong Kong slumbers through the Asian Champions ' crunch match against Bayern Munich Bayern wins the game 3-0 , but Guangzhou fans delight in being on the same pitch as Bayern The Chinese team beat African champions Al Ahly to set up the semifinal clash with Bayern Newly wealthy Guangzhou is making new fans across China
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry calls it proof "  beyond any reasonable doubt . " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel says it 's "  very clear . " President Barack Obama says the United States has "  high confidence " that Syria used chemical weapons -- the strongest position the U.S. can take short of confirmation . Britain , France , and Germany say their intelligence backs up the same conclusion . But despite all the talk about conclusive intelligence , questions remain . A declassified report by the White House does not divulge all details of the evidence the United States is looking at . And it remains unclear what the "  streams of intelligence " cited in the report may be and how they were collected . Russia insists there 's no proof . Russian President Vladimir Putin said he wants to see evidence that would make the determination "  obvious . " And Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime says rebel forces were behind any chemical weapons attack . The United Nations , meanwhile , is calling on world leaders to wait for the results of a U.N. probe . Here 's a look at what is known about the intelligence Washington points to . Kerry cites ` concrete ' evidence "  We have declassified unprecedented amounts of information , and we ask the American people and the rest of the world to judge that information , " Kerry told lawmakers Tuesday . It "  proves the Assad regime prepared for this attack , issued instruction to prepare for this attack , warned its own forces to use gas masks . " Physical , "  concrete " evidence shows where the rockets came from , when they were fired , and that not one landed in regime-controlled territory , Kerry said . "  Multiple streams of intelligence indicate that the regime executed a rocket and artillery attack against the Damascus suburbs in the early hours of August 21 , " the White House says in the declassified report . "  Satellite detections corroborate that attacks from a regime-controlled area struck neighborhoods where the chemical attacks reportedly occurred . ... The lack of flight activity or missile launches also leads us to conclude that the regime used rockets in the attack . " The White House released a map along with the report . But the prospect of more details on the evidence seems dim as Kerry said the amount already declassified "  could possibly put at risk some sources and methods , " and that releasing more could "  tempt fate . " U.S. : Opposition does n't have ` the capacity ' "  We are certain that none of the opposition has the weapons or capacity to effect a strike of this scale , particularly from the heart of regime territory , " Kerry told lawmakers Tuesday . The White House report points to Syria 's known stockpiles of chemical agents . And it says the United States assesses "  with high confidence that the Syrian regime has used chemical weapons on a small scale against the opposition multiple times in the last year , including in the Damascus suburbs . This assessment is based on multiple streams of information including reporting of Syrian officials planning and executing chemical weapons attacks and laboratory analysis of physiological samples obtained from a number of individuals , which revealed exposure to sarin . "  We assess that the opposition has not used chemical weapons . " In May , a U.N. official said there were strong suspicions that Syrian rebel forces had used sarin gas . But the findings were not conclusive , the U.N. Independent International Commission of Inquiry for Syria said at the time , and the opposition Syrian Coalition condemned any use of chemical weapons . The U.S. State Department said at the time it had no evidence suggesting rebels had used chemical weapons . The Russian Foreign Ministry said Wednesday the results of an investigation into a March attack in Aleppo , apparently using chemical weapons , found that the charge used was homemade and similar to projectiles produced by the group Bashaar al-Nasr , part of the opposition Syrian Islamic Liberation Front . Sarin was discovered in samples from the scene , the foreign ministry said . Bashaar al-Nasr has slammed Syria for the recent chemical weapons attack in Damascus , and vowed revenge . U.S. : Syria prepared "  In the three days prior to the attack , we collected streams of human , signals and geospatial intelligence that reveal regime activities that we assess were associated with preparations for a chemical weapons attack , " the U.S. report says . "  Syrian chemical weapons personnel were operating in the Damascus suburb of ` Adra from Sunday , August 18 until early in the morning on Wednesday , August 21 near an area that the regime uses to mix chemical weapons , including sarin . On August 21 , a Syrian regime element prepared for a chemical weapons attack in the Damascus area , including through the utilization of gas masks . Our intelligence sources in the Damascus area did not detect any indications in the days prior to the attack that opposition affiliates were planning to use chemical weapons . " ` Intercepted communications ' "  We have a body of information , including past Syrian practice , that leads us to conclude that regime officials were witting of and directed the attack on August 21 , " the U.S. report says . "  We intercepted communications involving a senior official intimately familiar with the offensive who confirmed that chemical weapons were used by the regime on August 21 and was concerned with the U.N. inspectors obtaining evidence . " Intelligence shows Syrian chemical weapons personnel were told to cease operations in the afternoon of August 21 , and that the regime then "  intensified the artillery barrage targeting many of the neighborhoods where chemical attacks occurred , " the report says . Analyst : ` No way in hell ' U.S. can back up death toll The U.S. report says a preliminary assessment "  determined that 1,429 people were killed in the chemical weapons attack , including at least 426 children . " The assessment "  will certainly evolve as we obtain more information , " it adds . "  Secretary Kerry seems to have been sandbagged into using an absurdly over-precise number , " said Anthony Cordesman , former director of intelligence assessment at the U.S. Defense Department . Now with the Center for Strategic and International Studies , he writes on the CSIS website , "  Put simply , there is no way in hell the U.S. intelligence community could credibly have made an estimate this exact . " It 's unclear whether "  these figures really had an intelligence source , " Cordesman said . "  Some sources indicate they may have actually come from a Syrian source called the Local Coordination Committees  LCC  " -- a Syrian opposition group . A U.S. official told CNN the number is not based on opposition figures . The methodology used to come up with the toll remains classified . Rebel leaders have given similar estimates for the death toll , saying more than 1,300 people were killed . Britain 's Joint Intelligence Organization , meanwhile , says at least 350 people were killed . It does not say how the figure was determined . A French government report notes that body counts by several sources , including Doctors Without Borders , estimated at least 355 deaths . "  Other technical counts , using different sources , estimate the toll to be around 1,500 deaths , " the report says . Britain , France , Germany weigh in A letter from Jon Day , chairman of Britain 's Joint Intelligence Committee , to British Prime Minister David Cameron , also rejects suggestions that the opposition may have been behind the attack . "  We have tested this assertion using a wide range of intelligence and open sources , and invited  the government  and outside experts to help us establish whether such a thing is possible , " Day wrote . No "  credible intelligence " suggests the opposition has chemical weapons , he writes , adding that "  there are no plausible alternative scenarios to regime responsibility . " "  We also have a limited but growing body of intelligence which supports the judgment that the regime was responsible for the attacks and that they were conducted to help clear the opposition from strategic parts of Damascus . Some of this intelligence is highly sensitive but you have had access to it all . " France gives a similar argument . "  The attack of August 21st could only have been ordered and carried out by the regime , " its declassified intelligence report says . Germany 's foreign intelligence agency , the BND , has the same assessment . "  In a secret briefing to select lawmakers on Monday , BND head Gerhard Schindler said that while there is still no incontestable proof , analysis of the evidence at hand has led his intelligence service to believe that Assad 's regime is to blame , " Der Spiegel reports . U.N. probe : Limited scope , no clear deadline The United Nations is pushing all nations to hold off on any action until results of its own examination are in . It 's unclear how soon that may be . "  The U.N. mission is uniquely capable of establishing in an impartial and credible manner the facts of any use of chemical weapons , " Martin Nesirky , spokesman for Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , said repeatedly at a news conference Sunday . But the U.N. probe 's mandate is only to determine whether chemical weapons were used -- not by whom . Obama argued Wednesday that that 's no longer in question . "  Frankly , nobody is really disputing that chemical weapons were used , " he said . Russia - which , along with China , would likely block any U.N. resolution authorizing military action in Syria -- has repeatedly thrown cold water on suggestions that there 's proof of Syria culpability . "  If there are data that the chemical weapons have been used , and used specifically by the regular army , this evidence should be submitted to the U.N. Security Council , " Putin said Wednesday in an interview with The Associated Press and Russia 's state Channel 1 television . "  It should be a deep and specific probe containing evidence that would be obvious and prove beyond doubt who did it and what means were used . " If there was such evidence , Russia might support a resolution authorizing military strikes , Putin said . Syria : Allegations ` false and unfounded ' Syria still insists it never used chemical weapons . "  These allegations are false and unfounded , " Syria 's U.N. Ambassador Bashar al-Ja ` afari said Tuesday in an interview with CNN . He cited the confidence that the United States said it had a decade ago when it argued that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction . It 's an argument Kerry was prepared for before Congress on Tuesday . He noted that he and Hagel were senators at the time of the Iraq vote . "  And so we are especially sensitive , Chuck and I , to never again asking any member of Congress to take a vote on faulty intelligence . And that is why our intelligence community has scrubbed and re-scrubbed the evidence . "	Kerry says the U.S. has declassified "  unprecedented amounts of information " The U.S. points to "  concrete " evidence , intercepts , "  multiple streams of information " Britain , France , and Germany come to similar conclusions Putin calls for "  a deep and specific probe containing evidence that would be obvious "
North Korea launched four Scud missiles into the sea off its eastern coast Thursday , the South Korean Defense Ministry said . The missiles were fired in the direction of Russia and fell into the sea , according to the Pentagon , which described the launch as a very low-level matter . The missiles were fired just days after the start of annual joint military exercises between South Korea and the United States that North Korea opposes . The joint military exercises routinely spark tension between North Korea , South Korea and the United States . For example , last year 's exercises triggered weeks of heightened tensions between the nations and North Korean threats of nuclear war . The South Korean and U.S. militaries have not been specific about where they are conducting their drills . The South Korean Defense Ministry said that the North had fired the Scuds in a northeasterly direction and that they probably fell into North Korean waters of the East Sea , which is also known as the Sea of Japan . It was the first time North Korea had fired Scud missiles , which have a range that covers the whole of the Korean Peninsula , since 2009 , South Korea said . "  We consider it to be threatening and a military provocation , " said South Korean Defense Ministry spokesman Kim Ming-seok , although he acknowledged the firings may have been a test launch or part of military drills . Foreign policy experts say the North Korean missile firings may not herald a repeat of last year 's saber rattling from Pyongyang , which included threats of preemptive nuclear strikes against the United States and South Korea and the declaration that the armistice that stopped the Korean War in 1953 is null and void . North Korea tested a multistage rocket with possible intercontinental potential in December 2012 , and carried out a third nuclear test in February 2013 . It was then stung by fierce international criticism and sanctions . It reacted angrily when 2013 's joint military exercises between South Korea and the U.S. involved stealth bombers simulating bombing attacks . The conditions of Thursday 's missile launch are different . North Korea 's missile capabilities "  It may be little more than regular military testing , " said Michael O'Hanlon , a defense and foreign policy expert at the Brookings Institution . "  I 'm not persuaded it 's a big deal or even a medium big deal , though . " The launch may also be an attempt by North Korea to remind the world and its own people that it has muscle , too . Most observers say North Korea is still years away from having the technology to deliver a nuclear warhead on a missile , but it does have plenty of conventional military firepower , including medium-range ballistic missiles that can carry high explosives for hundreds of miles . "  North Korea 's missile launch is merely part of their ongoing efforts to demonstrate to the world , and more importantly to their own people , what they are capable of . It is more showmanship than meaningful geopolitics , " David Rothkopf , editor of Foreign Policy magazine , said Thursday . "  It is not a surprise , and we should expect more of the same so long as this regime is in place . " Earlier this week , South Korea said a North Korean patrol boat strayed over the maritime border between the two countries several times . It eventually returned to the North 's side of the border after warnings from South Korea . Such infringements happen periodically , according to the South Korean Defense Ministry . North Korea shows off South Korean man it 's holding on spy charges	South Korean Defense Ministry calls the move a military provocation North Korea launched four Scud missiles into East Sea , the South says Launch may be an effort to show off North Korean capabilities , observer says South Korea and the United States are conducting joint military exercises
CNN  Tens of thousands of people in the southern tip of Malawi have been cut off by deadly floods , leaving them without food , clean water or access to health care , aid organizations have warned , while many others have been displaced . Conflicting accounts from the southeast African nation put the number killed at anywhere from dozens to more than 170 . Gift of the Givers , an African nongovernmental organization specializing in disaster response , said Malawi was facing "  probably the greatest flood disaster in the history of its existence . " In a Facebook post Saturday , the organization said 173 people were confirmed killed -- and warned of worse news to come . "  The death toll is expected to rise as it is believed that 183 people have been swept away from one village alone , " the group said . "  Massive destruction to agriculture , roads , bridges and general infrastructure including power facilities has complicated the situation due to prolonged power outages . " Malawi President Peter Mutharika on Wednesday put the number of dead at 48 . Declaring a state of emergency in the areas affected , he said an estimated 70,000 people had been forced from their homes . He appealed for international assistance , saying : "  Tents and food are urgently required . Rescue operations are also a priority . " Gift of the Givers said that 200,000 people had been displaced and 11,000 homes damaged . A day earlier , the U.N. humanitarian affairs agency , OCHA , put the number displaced at about 100,000 . Medecins San Frontiers , also known as Doctors Without Borders , said Friday that around 20,000 people in the country 's southern tip "  remain cut off from the rest of the country without food , health care and ways to prevent possible outbreaks . " The current flooding is due to weeks of heavy rain exacerbated by Tropical Cyclone Bansi , Gift of the Givers said . However , another storm due to arrive Sunday -- Tropical Cyclone Chedza -- could present even more of a threat . Chedza "  is expected to be far more destructive than Cyclone Bansi bringing more heavy rains and greater flooding , " Gift of the Givers said . Flood rescue and medical teams have been put on standby in case of the worst , it said . The organization said Malawi 's military had already rescued more than 4,000 people , with the fear that many more are trapped in inaccessible areas . Floodwaters up to 6 feet deep have submerged homes and bridges , making access to some areas possible only by helicopter , MSF said . Humanitarian relief is slowly arriving in the district of Chikwawa , where the waters have started to recede , MSF said . But other communities downstream in the Nsanje district , are still in trouble . "  The floods are behaving like a slow tsunami with the river swelling progressively downstream towards the south and Mozambique , " says Amaury Gregoire , MSF 's head of mission in Malawi "  Most of Nsanje and East Bank are submerged under two to three meters of water , which has transformed these vast plains into a giant lake engulfing houses and bridges . Even though these areas are prone to floods , old people I talked to could not remember events of this magnitude . " The floods have destroyed crops that many people rely on and swept away their meager possessions , raising fears for the future once the waters recede . There 's also the risk of outbreaks of disease , MSF said , as those who have fled the floods seek refuge with friends or relatives , as well as in camps . MSF has been distributing mosquito nets and water treatment kits , and building latrines to try to limit the spread of disease . "  The little mud houses are very crowded , and , with most wells and boreholes contaminated by the floods , people are living in precarious , unsanitary conditions , " said Gregoire . Gift of the Givers warned of the danger of a cholera outbreak , as well as other waterborne diseases , thanks to the lack of clean drinking water and contamination with sewerage . The U.N. World Food Programme said Friday it was preparing to move stocks of food to the affected areas . This will include more than 100 metric tons of high-energy biscuits , enough to meet the immediate food needs of some 77,000 people , said Elisabeth Byrs of the WFP . Malawi , with a population of 13 million , is one of the poorest countries in the world . More than 40 % of children have low growth for their age as a result of under-nutrition , Byrs said . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau and Christabelle Fombu contributed to this report .	Flooding in Malawi has forced 200,000 people from their homes , aid organization says Estimates of the number killed in the floods range from dozens to more than 170 Another tropical cyclone due to arrive Sunday could bring greater flooding
CNN  -- And then there were two . One is identified with the ethnic Tajik group from northern Afghanistan and is a former foreign minister who later became a critic of Afghan President Hamid Karzai . The other is close to the president and belongs to his Pashtun ethnic group . Both are technocrats who campaigned on a message of change . And each hopes to lead their turbulent nation into a brighter future . Preliminary results from Afghanistan 's landmark presidential elections show former Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah getting the most votes -- but not the majority needed to avoid a runoff with Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai . The two men will face each other in a runoff slated for June 7 , according to Afghanistan 's Independent Election Commission . The preliminary results will be finalized May 14 after investigations into fraud complaints , according to commission . It 's the third election since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 , and marks the first democratic handover of power in the fragile country . Incumbent Hamid Karzai is constitutionally bound to step down . Karzai was once the darling of the West but has long since fallen out of favor amid cries of corruption and cronyism . With NATO troops scheduled to pull out of Afghanistan by the end of the year , and following the refusal of Karzai to sign a bilateral agreement -- the so-called Status of Forces Agreement -- with the United States to keep some troops in-country , Afghan security is in the hands of the next man to be sworn in . CNN takes a look at the two contenders to be Afghanistan 's next leader . Abdullah Abdullah An ophthalmologist and former Northern Alliance medic in a previous life , Abdullah was a vocal critic of the Taliban during their years in power , and although he was a previous Karzai ally , serving in his government as foreign minister , he has in later years been a thorn in the side of the man who has ruled Afghanistan since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 . The urbane politician , known for his eloquence -- and his elegance -- took on Karzai in 2009 's election but dropped out after the first round in protest to what he saw as large-scale voter fraud . His campaign this time around has been wracked with violence , with three separate attacks by militants on Abdullah campaigners in the weeks before the election , according to the Afghan news agency , Khaama . "  The environment is not risk-free , but when I look at the enthusiasm of the Afghan people to participate in the elections -- that is part of it is encouraging . It is highly encouraging , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour earlier this year . As with many countries , both democratic and otherwise , loyalty along ethnic lines matters a great deal in Afghanistan . Pashtuns make up more than half of the population in this multi-ethnic country , with Tajiks the second-largest group , and a number of minor Turkic and other ethnic groups . Part Tajik and part Pashtun , Abdullah is considered a relative outsider given his background . He is generally associated with his Tajik side , giving him a possible advantage in reaching out to non-Pashtun voters , but which may work against him in a runoff if the other candidates back his Pashtun challenger . He is seen as a relatively liberal candidate and advocate of women 's engagement in public life , telling Britain 's Independent newspaper , "  If you want to see this country or any other country even being able to deal with the challenges and develop , it can not happen without the role of half the population . " He has signaled his intention to sign the Status of Forces Agreement with President Barack Obama in an effort to offer his constituents some security following NATO " s planned withdrawal at the end of 2014 . Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai A former academic who previously taught at Berkeley and Johns Hopkins University in the United States , Arshaf Ghani emerged as the dark horse candidate . A former U.S. citizen who gave up his passport to run for the Afghan presidency in 2009 , he 's known as having an impatient , fiery temper but also of being incredibly detail-oriented . Another ex-Karzai man , Ghani served as both an adviser to the current president and also as finance minister in his cabinet . He was working at the World Bank in Washington , D.C. during the September 11 attacks , and used the tragedy as a springboard for his re-engagement in Afghan politics , returning to his home country just months after the event . Considered a moderate , he says he has seen positive signs while campaigning around the country . "  At  rally after rally people are responding to a message of moderation , to message of reform , to message of transformation , to peace , stability and cooperation , " he told CNN 's Anna Coren . WATCH : CNN 's Christiane Amanpour interviews Ashraf Ghani His experience in the development agency was invaluable during his time in Karzai 's government , reconstructing the country , and he hopes voters will be convinced that it will stand him in equally good stead for the top job . A shrewd operator , Ghani , who is Pashtun , has enlisted the support of ex-warlord General Abdul Rashid Dostum , a native Uzbek , as his running mate . However , his many years in the United States -- especially while his countrymen were suffering , first under the yoke of Soviet imperialism and later the strictures of the Taliban -- may impede him as he is seen as an outsider with strong ties to the United States , which is seen by many as merely the latest foreign invaders of Afghan soil .	Abdullah Abdullah , Ashraf Ghani will be in a runoff slated for June 7 The two candidates won the most votes in field of 11 Historic presidential election for war-torn country Incumbent Hamid Karzai constitutionally must step down
CNN  -- The Massachusetts Division of Marine Fisheries has tagged two great white sharks off Cape Cod in an area where shark sightings have been reported , state officials said Sunday . A great white shark is tagged Saturday off Cape Cod , Massachusetts . Shark sightings closed nearby beaches . The first tagging Saturday marked the first time a great white shark had been successfully tagged in the Atlantic Ocean off the U.S. coast , the division said in a statement . A second shark was tagged Saturday afternoon , officials said . The taggings took place in the waters near Chatham , Massachusetts , two days after Greg Skomal , shark expert for the Division of Marine Fisheries , reported as many as five large sharks were seen near Monomoy Island , a National Wildlife Refuge off the southern elbow of Cape Cod . The island is about a mile away from Chatham 's Lighthouse Beach , a public swimming area . Chatham 's beaches were closed to swimmers after the sightings , Skomal said . CNN affiliate WCVB reported that all of Chatham 's east-facing beaches were closed after three sharks came within 75 yards of the coastline . Watch who is making money from sharks " The beaches will be off-limits to swimmers until the middle of the week , officials told WCVB . After the sightings , Skomal and other biologists set out to identify the species , the division statement said . Skomal identified a great white shark on Friday , and then the two were tagged Saturday . "  The tags , which use satellite-based technology to record where a shark travels , allow scientists to better understand migratory patterns , " the division statement said . Great white sharks are relatively rare in New England , the division statement said , but have been seen feeding near seal colonies . Massachusetts has recorded only four shark attacks since 1670 , two of which were fatal . The last fatal shark attack in Massachusetts happened in 1936 . Researchers have also tagged great white sharks off the coast of South Africa .	Taggings of great whites are the first in the Atlantic Ocean , state officials say Beaches in Chatham , Massachusetts , closed after shark sightings Great white sharks are relatively rare in New England , state officials say Tags will let scientists track the two sharks
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- U.S. President George W. Bush praised the U.S. relationship with South Korea on Wednesday and said the two nations should continue to work together to eliminate threats from North Korea . President George W. Bush and South Korean President Lee Myung-Bak attend a joint press conference in Seoul . Bush spoke during a news conference with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak . The stop in South Korea is part of Bush 's weeklong Asian tour . "  Our relationship is important vital and I believe it is strong , " Bush said . Bush said he was still concerned about North Korea and said the country has a long way to go before it is taken off his "  axis of evil list " as well as removing it from a list of countries that sponsor terrorism . "  I am concerned about North Korea 's human rights record , " Bush said "  I am concerned about the uranium enrichment ... " He spoke hours after thousands of protesters packed the streets of the South Korean capital Tuesday . Watch Bush speak on his hopes for his "  axis of evil " list " While some demonstrations were peaceful , violence erupted at other protest sites . In one instance , riot police fired a water cannon to keep the crowds at bay . Police said they detained about 80 protesters . They estimated about 2,700 people were participating in the protests , which included a candlelight march and a sit-in . But the organizers said some 10,000 were taking part in the demonstrations . Bush 's weeklong trip to the region is his ninth visit as president . See a map of Bush 's itinerary " His stop in Seoul comes just a few months after violent street protests erupted over worries about the safety of U.S. beef imports . While those tensions seem to have eased , the United States ' nuclear disarmament deal with North Korea is also a concern . Michael Green , a former Bush adviser on Asian affairs , and now with the Center for Strategic and International Studies , says Seoul 's proximity to North Korea contributes to an ongoing unease . "  The North Koreans have 11,000 artillery tubes and rockets aimed at the South Korean capital , so any little thing that we do with North Korea makes the South Koreans very jittery , " Green said . He added , "  On the other hand , the U.S. has to worry a great deal about where terrorists might get nuclear weapons or nuclear material . " After South Korea , the president will go to Thailand for what 's being billed as a major Asia policy speech before making his way to Beijing , China , for the Olympics . CNN 's Elaine Quijano and Kathy Paik contributed to this report .	NEW : Bush voices concerns on Pyongyang 's human rights , uranium enrichment He spoke hours after thousands protested in the streets of the South Korean capital He will next visit Thailand to make what 's being billed as major speech on Asia policy His Asia trip 's final stop is in Beijing , China , where he will attend Olympics
CNN  -- Joan Rivers started her career as a stand-up comedian quick to poke fun at herself -- at her body , her family responsibilities and being a misfit within an unaccommodating world . By the time she died Thursday at 81 , Rivers had become a worldwide celebrity . But she was still a misfit , biting the well-groomed hands that fed her . The comedian was quick-witted and sharp-tongued , known for standing on the red carpet or presiding over her show "  Fashion Police " and , she said , saying the things that other people were thinking . Rivers , the pioneering , sassy comedian whose gossipy "  can we talk " persona led to a career as a headlining talk-show host , best-selling author and red-carpet maven , died a week after being rushed to the hospital after suffering cardiac arrest at a Manhattan clinic . "  My mother 's greatest joy in life was to make people laugh . Although that is difficult to do right now , I know her final wish would be that we return to laughing soon , " said her daughter , Melissa , in a statement . Joan Rivers dies at age 81 Rivers ' initial rise to fame was propelled by jokes about herself and her family duties . "  I hate housework , " went one of her jokes . "  You make the beds , you do the dishes and six months later you have to start all over again . " "  I blame my mother for my poor sex life , " went another . "  All she told me was ` the man goes on top and the woman underneath . ' For three years my husband and I slept in bunk beds . " Rivers in her own words Over time , her self-mocking shtick gave way to more pointed comedy , with shrewd and cutting insults aimed at celebrities and politicians . Comedians such as Roseanne Barr , Sarah Silverman , Kathy Griffin and Chelsea Handler owe a great deal to Rivers ' brash , commanding personality , which was unusual when she first came up . "  My heart is torn in half , " said Silverman in a tweet . "  She was n't done . " iReport : Share your memories of Joan Rivers She was a popular talk-show guest , most notably on Johnny Carson 's "  Tonight Show , " and used that platform to become one of Carson 's regular guest hosts -- and , in 1983 , his permanent guest host . But their relationship was severed when , in 1986 , she became the host of her own talk show on Fox , then a new television network . Her show would air opposite the "  Tonight Show . " Carson , feeling betrayed , cut her off cold . She did n't appear on the "  Tonight Show " again until Jimmy Fallon took over as host earlier this year . Rivers ' Fox talk show was short-lived and its cancellation coincided with a dark period in her life , including the suicide of her husband-manager , Edgar Rosenberg , three months after the show was pulled . Still , the comedian eventually bounced back , first with a daytime talk show , then as co-host with daughter Melissa of E! 's red-carpet coverage . The two Rivers became mainstays of awards season -- later for the TV Guide Channel -- with Joan known for mocking celebrities and their outfits there and on the show "  Fashion Police . " Rivers also became known for her extensive plastic surgery , which -- in typical Rivers fashion -- she flaunted rather than played down . "  I 've had so much plastic surgery , when I die they will donate my body to Tupperware , " she said . ` Screaming her way through life ' Joan Alexandra Molinsky was born June 8 , 1933 , in Brooklyn , New York , the daughter of a doctor . Her childhood home was n't always a happy one ; her mother , though gifted with a strong sense of humor , was critical , and her father was softhearted but tight with a dollar . Her parents argued over money regularly . Rivers attended Barnard College and had dreams of making it as an actress , a dream both parents discouraged . After giving up performing after college , she had a brief marriage , and then turned to comedy . She became a regular at Greenwich Village coffeehouses and was part of Chicago 's Second City comedy troupe for a time . A 1965 booking on Carson made her career . She soon had her own talk show and kept up regular appearances on "  Tonight " and several talk and variety programs . She met Rosenberg in 1965 , not long after the Carson appearance . They married four days later . The two maintained a you-and-me-against-the-world attitude , as noted in a 1987 People article after Rosenberg 's suicide . "  Joan and Edgar , pursued by the same ghosts and hurts , feeling mutually threatened by adversaries real and imagined , trusted only each other and existed as an island built from intense and protective loyalty , " wrote the magazine 's Richard Meryman . Rivers summed up the impact of his death bluntly , of course . "  All that happened to me , " she told The New York Times , "  was my husband committed suicide , my daughter did n't talk to me for two years , and I was broke . " A year after Rosenberg 's death , she joined the cast of Neil Simon 's "  Broadway Bound . " Indeed , she often took refuge in work , whether it was writing books , mocking celebrities , starring in Las Vegas or even appearing in a documentary about her life , 2010 's "  Joan Rivers : A Piece of Work . " Rivers was often a polarizing figure , recognized for her wit but feared for her underlying wrath . She was well aware of her personality , once describing herself as "  screaming her way through life . " Her relentlessness could serve her well , however . In 2009 , she won an edition of Donald Trump 's "  Celebrity Apprentice . " "  She had unbelievable stamina , " said Trump Thursday . Some of the criticism she faced was standard Hollywood fare . In 1978 , Rivers directed a movie , "  Rabbit Test , " starring Billy Crystal as the world 's first pregnant man . The reviews were mediocre . "  I sat in the midst of an audience that broke its silence only to yawn , take orders for popcorn , and  in the case of audience members under 5  break into tears , " wrote Roger Ebert , giving the film one star . Rivers shrugged that off . "  Seventy percent of the critics have hated my movie , " she told Ebert . "  The other 30 % were geniuses , knew their work and were sensually attractive . " Nevertheless , she never directed again . ` It 's my job to make them laugh ' More recently , her red-carpet quips and "  Fashion Police " commentary got her attacked as cruel . In 2013 , Jennifer Lawrence noted of Rivers ' chatter , "  They put values in all the things that are wrong and show that it 's OK to just point at people and call them ugly and call them fat and they call it fun . " Rivers immediately struck back : "  She has been touched up more than a choirboy at the Vatican , " she told the New York Post . And earlier this year , she abruptly left a CNN interview when asked about her "  mean " reputation . She was also criticized for comments about the Cleveland kidnap victims , the Gaza conflict and for calling first lady Michelle Obama "  a trans . " Always , Rivers soldiered on . "  I do n't want a warm hand on my shoulder . I do n't want sympathy audiences . It 's my job to make them laugh , and I 'm a professional , and my husband was a professional , " she told People two weeks after her husband died . She earned several honors over her career . She was nominated for a Grammy and a Tony , and won a Daytime Emmy for her early - '90s talk show . She had a successful jewelry line that she sold on QVC . She almost never apologized and rarely looked back . After all , she said , it was her bluntness that made her who she was . "  I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking , " she said . Rivers is survived by her daughter , Melissa , and a grandson , Cooper . People we 've lost in 2014 See more about the people of comedy at CNN Comedy .	Joan Rivers was brash , popular comedian and host Rivers got her big break with appearance on "  Tonight Show " She later had her own talk shows , was a red-carpet maven Despite criticism , tragedy , she constantly soldiered forward
New York  CNN  -- New York mayoral candidate Bill de Blasio , who began his campaign as a long-shot but surfed a late wave of momentum by tapping into liberal anxiety over the three-term administration of Mayor Michael Bloomberg , overwhelmed his opponents on Tuesday to finish first in the city 's Democratic mayoral primary . With results still being counted late Tuesday evening , de Blasio , the city 's public advocate , was bobbing around the 40 % mark needed to avoid a three-week runoff race for the Democratic nomination . Early Wednesday the New York City board of elections confirmed that there were still over 19,000 absentee ballots , special ballots , affidavits , and military ballots that needed to be counted , and that the number of uncounted votes could increase . "  We do n't declare a winner until every vote is counted , " said Valerie Vazquez , NYC Board of Elections director of communications , said in a statement . Exit poll results If De Blasio is forced into a runoff , he would face the second place finisher , former city comptroller Bill Thompson , the race 's lone African-American candidate . City Council Speaker Christine Quinn , a lesbian who would have been the city 's first female mayor , finished in a disappointing third place , her once-invincible campaign collapsing under the weight of her ties to Bloomberg . City comptroller John Liu finished fourth , followed in a distant fifth by former Rep. Anthony Weiner , whose candidacy imploded earlier this summer after he admitted to having more lewd conversations with women he met on the Internet . Republican Joe Lhota , the former top deputy to Rudy Giuliani , won his party 's nomination , defeating John Catsimatidis , the colorful grocery store maven who pumped millions from his personal fortune into the race . 5 Things If de Blasio wins the nomination , he would enter the general election as the clear favorite against Lhota . Down the ballot , former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer 's bid for political redemption was thwarted in the Democratic race for city comptroller by Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer , who reversed Spitzer 's early lead in the race by reminding voters of the prostitution scandal that derailed his political career in 2008 . De Blasio , the city 's public advocate , frequently hammered a "  tale of two cities " theme on the campaign trail , painting Bloomberg 's New York as an increasingly unaffordable metropolis that rewarded wealthy Manhattanites at the expense of the outer borough middle class . A Brooklyn resident who showcased his interracial family in television ads , de Blasio ran up sweeping margins in nearly every borough and demographic category , besting his opponents among voters of all ages , races and income levels . According to exit polling published by the New York Times , de Blasio , who is white , even outperformed Thompson among black voters . Campaign 's final days Though Democrats were split on their opinion of Bloomberg 's job performance -- 49 % approved , according to the Times exit poll data , while 48 % disapproved -- almost three quarters said they wanted the city to move in a new direction . De Blasio performed best among voters who were sour on the mayor . By a wide margin , Democratic voters said they disapproved of the New York Police Department 's aggressive "  stop-and-frisk " policy , a Bloomberg-backed tactic that grants police the power to search random citizens they deem suspicious . The policy is deeply unpopular among African-Americans who consider it racial profiling , and de Blasio won a majority of Democrats who described the tactic as "  excessive . "	Anthony Weiner 's rollercoaster campaign comes to quiet end in primary loss Bill de Blasio seeks to avoid runoff for Democratic nomination Disgraced former Gov. Eliot Spitzer also loses bid for New York City comptroller
Editor 's note : Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School . His new book , "  Arsenal of Democracy : The Politics of National Security -- From World War II to the War on Terrorism , " will be published this fall by Basic Books . Zelizer writes widely about current events . Julian E. Zelizer says it 's vital that new media provide support for journalism that strives for objectivity . CNN  -- Last week , Sen. John Kerry convened a discussion of the troubled state of journalism in America by way of a hearing by the Senate Commerce Committee 's Subcommittee on Communications , Technology , and the Internet . In Kerry 's home state of Massachusetts , the Boston Globe is barely surviving . Several major metro papers have closed down , and there are indications that many more could soon follow . Experts have been warning in recent months that much of the newspaper industry may not survive . While the end of the metro newspaper would constitute a huge blow to journalism and the political system , realistically there might be nothing that we can do . The popularity of news on the Web and the potential of mobile devices such as the Kindle makes it difficult to see how we can sustain news in print -- unless electronic delivery can produce enough revenue to support the cost of newspaper staffs . Sometimes technological innovations and consumer preferences cause changes that are irreversible . The industry has seen other important shifts in the way that Americans receive their news , such as the advent of television news in the 1950s and 1960s . But the real issue is not whether we can save the newspapers , but how we can create the best Internet news system possible . As Kerry said in his opening statement : "  There also is the important question of whether online journalism will sustain the values of professional journalism , the way the newspaper industry has . " The first challenge we must address has to do with editorial control . A great danger of blog-based news is that information disseminates instantly with very little editorial supervision . On too many sites , information goes right from writer to reader . In the heyday of daily newspapers and network news , the news cycle was slow , lasting over the course of a day . There was a considerable amount of time for reporters , editors , and producers to check and verify information before it reached the public eye . Those days are gone . The result is too often that incorrect information circulates quickly . It will be crucial that television news networks continue to maintain Web sites which have the financial capital to support an editorial and production staff and that the newspapers which do survive find ways to expand their online operations , turning them into commercially lucrative ventures . Only they can finance the kind of infrastructure that good journalism requires . The second challenge we face has to do with polarization . Most studies of politics show that polarization has increased significantly throughout American politics . The media are both a product and cause of this political phenomenon . In Congress , there are fewer centrists in either party who are willing to compromise . Unfortunately , we have seen a similar phenomenon in the news business . During the 1990s , FOX News promoted a style of journalism framed within a clear conservative perspective . In recent years , liberals have mimicked these efforts . The nightly broadcasts of MSNBC have offered a counterpoint on the left , with television shows offering news from a liberal perspective . Bloggers on the Web follow this model as well . Not believing that the norm of objectivity is attainable , they prefer to present their political views openly and tend to be much more partisan in how they interpret world events . Moreover , readers and viewers tend to go for their information to sites and channels where they can see their own perspectives confirmed . It will be difficult to counteract these kinds of trends since they are so deep-rooted in American politics . But at a minimum , someone needs to fund reporters who keep covering the story and who at least strive to achieve as much objectivity as possible . There are many Web sites that do undertake this mission , but it will be essential that there is continued and expanded support for reporting as the metro newspapers slowly vanish . The final challenge has to do with fragmentation of news outlets . One of the great advantages of the Internet is that it has broken the monopoly the networks and major newspapers maintained on reporting the news . But the cost of fragmentation is that there are so many competing sites , some run by lone individuals and others by organizations , that Americans have fewer sources that can expose them to a diverse range of stories and that can make clear the interconnections between events that are taking place . When you read the newspaper , it is possible to get a rounded picture of the world by flipping through the international news , national news , arts , business , sports , and more . Now , many sites focus on narrow subject matter . How can we bring the pieces together ? The multiplicity of sources on the Web forces the reader to be his own editor , and not many people are inclined to do all the work of scanning a variety of the relevant sites to get a full picture . All of these are challenges to journalism , but we should not lose hope in the potential of the Internet to provide high-quality news . The Internet offers many advantages . The speed can be an asset as readers learn of breaking stories more quickly . Editors have less power to stifle stories because of political or economic pressure . With so many more outlets , somehow the news will get out . Hyperlinked stories can offer readers easy connections to related information and even to original documents through which they can draw their own conclusions about what reporters are saying . The Internet offers room for many more perspectives than existed when just three network anchors and the local newspaper told Americans what was happening . The Internet can also combine written news with video and audio sources , as well as disseminate stories through social networking sites . Readers have the opportunities to interact with reporters and comment on stories . The death of the metro newspaper would be a huge loss . But rather than only focusing on lament , our best response would be to make the new medium of Internet news as strong as it can possibly be . We must address the major challenges by developing sites with the resources to edit , insisting on venues where the pursuit of objectivity remains a goal , and cultivating sites that help bring together different subject matter . If we do , the technological transition that we are living through can turn into a positive moment of advance for the media rather than a moment of decline . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Sen. John Kerry held hearing on future of newspapers and news Zelizer says newspapers are endangered by rise of new media Focus should be on what new media can do to ensure quality reporting Zelizer : Pursuit of objectivity is a needed goal for Web-based news
Cairo  CNN  -- A senior Egyptian general admits that "  virginity checks " were performed on women arrested at a demonstration this spring , the first such admission after previous denials by military authorities . The allegations arose in an Amnesty International report , published weeks after the March 9 protest . It claimed female demonstrators were beaten , given electric shocks , strip-searched , threatened with prostitution charges and forced to submit to virginity checks . At that time , Maj. Amr Imam said 17 women had been arrested but denied allegations of torture or "  virginity tests . " But now a senior general who asked not to be identified said the virginity tests were conducted and defended the practice . "  The girls who were detained were not like your daughter or mine , " the general said . "  These were girls who had camped out in tents with male protesters in Tahrir Square , and we found in the tents Molotov cocktails and  drugs  . " The general said the virginity checks were done so that the women would n't later claim they had been raped by Egyptian authorities . "  We did n't want them to say we had sexually assaulted or raped them , so we wanted to prove that they were n't virgins in the first place , " the general said . "  None of them were  virgins  . " However , Gen. Mamdouh Shaheen , a member of Egypt 's Supreme Council of Armed Forces , said the "  accusations that we did virginity tests are not acceptable . We denied it then and we deny it now . " This demonstration occurred nearly a month after Egypt 's longtime President Hosni Mubarak stepped down amid a wave of popular and mostly peaceful unrest aimed at his ouster and the institution of democratic reforms . Afterward , Egypt 's military -- which had largely stayed on the sidelines of the revolution -- officially took control of the nation 's political apparatus as well , until an agreed-upon constitution and elections . The March 9 protest occurred in Tahrir Square , which became famous over 18 historic and sometimes bloody days and nights of protests that led to Mubarak 's resignation . But unlike in those previous demonstrations , the Egyptian military targeted the protesters . Soldiers dragged dozens of demonstrators from the square and through the gates of the landmark Egyptian Museum . Salwa Hosseini , a 20-year-old hairdresser and one of the women named in the Amnesty report , described to CNN how uniformed soldiers tied her up on the museum 's grounds , forced her to the ground and slapped her , then shocked her with a stun gun while calling her a prostitute . "  They wanted to teach us a lesson , " Hosseini said soon after the Amnesty report came out . "  They wanted to make us feel that we do not have dignity . " The treatment got worse , Hosseini said , when she and the 16 other female prisoners were taken to a military detention center in Heikstep . There , she said , she and several of other female detainees were subjected to a "  virginity test . " "  We did not agree for a male doctor to perform the test , " she said . But Hosseini said her captors forced her to comply by threatening her with more stun-gun shocks . "  I was going through a nervous breakdown at that moment , " she recalled . "  There was no one standing during the test , except for a woman and the male doctor . But several soldiers were standing behind us watching the backside of the bed . I think they had them standing there as witnesses . " The senior Egyptian general said the 149 people detained after the March 9 protest were subsequently tried in military courts , and most have been sentenced to a year in prison . Authorities later revoked those sentences "  when we discovered that some of the detainees had university degrees , so we decided to give them a second chance , " he said . The senior general reaffirmed that the military council was determined to make Egypt 's democratic transition a success . "  The date for handover to a civil government ca n't come soon enough for the ruling military council , " he said . "  The army ca n't wait to return to its barracks and do what it does best -- protect the nation 's borders . " Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	17 women were arrested at a March 9 protest in Cairo , after Mubarak 's ouster A senior Egyptian general says some of them were subject to "  virginity checks " He says it was done so that they would n't claim later they had been raped One woman allegedly targeted had said , "  They wanted to teach us a lesson "
CNN  -- You knew Tony Soprano from the small things . The way he chewed his cigar in the opening credits of "  The Sopranos . " The way he shuffled to get his newspaper , sloppily clad in a white bathrobe . The way his voice changed , from a schmooze to a bark , when he talked to his psychiatrist . The way he killed . James Gandolfini was a master of the small things . "  I remember telling him many times : ` You do n't get it . You 're like Mozart , ' " David Chase , who created "  The Sopranos , " said in a statement . Gandolfini died Wednesday night while on vacation in Italy . He was 51 . The cause of death was not announced but was believed to be a heart attack . Before "  The Sopranos , " Gandolfini -- a one-time truck driver and bartender who did n't turn to acting until he was in his mid-20s -- was a well-regarded character actor on stage and screen . He had a small role in the 1992 Broadway revival of "  A Streetcar Named Desire " with Alec Baldwin and Jessica Lange , and appeared in such films as the Quentin Tarantino-written "  True Romance "  1993  , "  Get Shorty "  1995  and "  A Civil Action "  1998  . Though his roles were limited , he invested them with beauty and invention . But he appeared destined for a career as the supporting actor until "  The Sopranos " came along . "  The Sopranos " was TV on a knife 's edge . The HBO show , which put the cable network on the map for original material , could have been farce , could have been tragedy , could have been slasher film or kitchen-sink drama or gangster-movie parody . And , in fact , it was all these things , held together on screen by Gandolfini as woebegone Mafia chief  or was that "  waste management professional " ?  Tony Soprano . Tony Soprano was an unusual protagonist , especially for a television show : a violent , brutal mob boss , a beleaguered patriarch , a calculating businessman . It was as if "  The Godfather 's " Sonny , Vito and Michael Corleone had been combined into one hulking bear of a figure . It could have been otherwise . Opinion : Gandolfini 's gift to television -- and America Gandolfini was one of three finalists for the role , Alan Sepinwall observed in his terrific TV history , "  The Revolution Was Televised . " He was chosen because , Chase said , "  the show I envisioned is the show that 's got Jimmy in it . It 's a much darker show with Jimmy in it . " "  At one time , I had said that this thing could be like a live-action ` Simpsons , ' " Chase told Sepinwall . "  Once I saw him do it , I thought , ` No , that 's not right . It can be absurdist , it can have a lot of stupid s *** in it , but it should not be a live-action ` Simpsons . ' " In fact , what it became was the best-written show in TV history , according to a recent survey by the Writers Guild of America . Many episodes were as rich as novels , or as finely wrought as a good short story . Writing , however , will only take you so far ; you need actors to inhabit those characters . And with Gandolfini , Edie Falco , Michael Imperioli , Lorraine Bracco and so many more , "  The Sopranos " gave life to the scripts . Fans can pick their favorites , but two episodes stand out for Gandolfini 's performances . One , "  Whitecaps , " includes a scene between him and Falco  as Tony 's wife , Carmela  that was as raw and painful as watching an argument between your parents .  If the pair had ever starred in "  Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? " , ticket-sellers could have made a fortune .  The other , "  Join the Club , " features an out-of-body experience in which Tony -- in a coma -- imagines he 's an optics salesman named Kevin Finnerty . Here , Gandolfini drops Tony 's New Jersey accent and with it , his tough-guy veneer . He 's suddenly reasonable , open , somehow brighter . Special effects foreman : "  So long , paisan " It 's easy to confuse actors with their most famous roles ; with this one episode , Gandolfini showed that he was no more Tony Soprano than he was Kevin Finnerty , but that he was playing them . Brilliantly . "  If anything , Gandolfini often took things further than Chase had planned , " Sepinwall wrote . In the pilot , a scene "  called for Tony to slap Christopher  Imperioli  lightly across the face ; instead , Gandolfini picked up the smaller Imperioli to make his displeasure clear . " He worked to get himself into Tony 's frame of mind , Gandolfini told "  Inside the Actors Studio , " as noted in The New York Times ' obituary . He 'd stay up all night , put a rock in his shoe . "  It 's silly , but it works , " he said . "  The Sopranos " gave Gandolfini fame and wealth ; he got in a contract dispute before the fifth season , eventually winning a contract worth around $ 13 million , according to a Variety report at the time . But instead of pursuing Hollywood leading roles , he immersed himself in his craft and his interests . He played a general in "  In the Loop " and the CIA director in "  Zero Dark Thirty , " neither role showy or outsized . He starred in the Broadway production of "  God of Carnage " and was nominated for a Tony . He produced documentaries about wounded soldiers . Galdolfini left his mark on New Jersey Among his last roles was in Chase 's little-seen "  Not Fade Away , " which came out last year . In it , Gandolfini plays another New Jersey sad sack , this one a 1960s grocer failing to connect with his rock 'n' roll-besotted son . He could have played the part as a "  Great Santini " - like martinet , or a befuddled softie , or an ignorant suburban climber . Instead , he manages to fill it with grace notes , amused one minute , frustrated the next , finally a loving father quietly handing his son some money as the boy prepares to drive away . He was a complicated , three-dimensional figure , and he gave the movie unexpected depth . Gandolfini will almost certainly be best remembered for Tony Soprano , his role of a lifetime . It 's a shame that lifetime was so brief . The master of the small things left a legacy that looms large . From the mouth of Tony Soprano : Best quotes	James Gandolfini had the role of a lifetime as Tony Soprano His performance made the character both darker and more relatable at once Gandolfini 's nuanced acting made even his smaller roles shine
CNN  -- A volcano erupted in Papua New Guinea on Friday , spurting ash tens of thousands of feet into the sky . The eruption of Mount Tavurvur on the island of New Britain began early Friday , said Craig Earl-Spurr , a meteorologist at the Darwin Volcanic Ash Advisory Center in Australia . The volcano spewed a thick tower of ash that reached as high as 60,000 feet above sea level . Dramatic photos posted on social media showed Tavurvur belching fire and ash from across a bay . The volcano is situated only a few kilometers from the township of Rabaul . In 1994 , Tavurvur erupted at the same time as nearby Mount Vulcan , destroying Rabaul . Aviation alert over Iceland volcano lowered , restrictions lifted	Mount Tavurvur spews a tower of ash 60,000 feet into the sky The volcano is situated near the township of Rabaul on the island of New Britain Tavurvur erupted in 1994 along with another nearby volcano , destroying Rabaul
The Ferguson police officer who shot Michael Brown did n't stop him because he was suspected in a convenience-store robbery , but because he was "  walking down the middle of the street blocking traffic , " the city 's police chief said Friday . Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson -- hours after documents came out labeling the 18-year-old Brown as the "  primary suspect " in the store theft -- told reporters the "  robbery does not relate to the initial contact between the officer and Michael Brown . " So why did Ferguson police opt to release surveillance video of the convenience-store incident Friday -- the same day they named , six days after the shooting , the white police officer who fatally shot the African-American teenager -- if the two situations are n't related ? Jackson said he distributed the store videotape "  because the press asked for it , " noting he could n't withhold it indefinitely . The chief added "  we needed to release that at the same time we needed to release the name of the officer involved in the shooting , " though he did n't elaborate on why . Identifying the officer was one key demand of demonstrators , along with pressing for other details on the shooting amid allegations of a police coverup . The flurry of details Friday added intrigue and , in some ways , anger to a case that 's spurred protests in the St. Louis suburb and beyond among those upset by Brown 's shooting and what they decry as a heavy-handed police response afterward . Brown 's family was n't told ahead of time anything about the robbery or store surveillance video , family lawyer Benjamin Crump told CNN 's Jake Tapper . Regardless , whatever happened there does n't matter , said Eric Davis , a cousin of Brown 's mother . "  It 's a diversion , and it 's an attempt to smear Michael 's character , " said Davis , who added the family has "  not been happy " with the Ferguson police department 's handling of the case . " ... It  should be  more about what happened on Canfield Drive , where Michael was executed . " The man heading security in Ferguson amid the unrest -- Missouri State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson -- stated the robbery and shooting of Brown "  are separate issues . " "  I told  Chief Jackson  I think both of those being released today was not needed and was not the way that we needed to go , " he told CNN on Friday evening . "  Today is about taking care of this incident here , getting to those facts that are there , and Michael Brown and his family . " Hours earlier , in video captured by CNN affiliate KSDK , Johnson emphasized authorities have an obligation to be upfront , not to say "  some things and now everybody says , ` what does that mean ? ' " "  I think if we 're going to give answers , we need to not give hints , " Johnson said . "  We need to say it . " 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting Chief : Police officer involved in shooting ' a gentleman ' Police identified the officer who shot Michael Brown as 28-year-old Darren Wilson -- a six-year police veteran , including four years with the Ferguson force . Authorities had refused to name him , citing threats to his safety . The fact they have now done so satisfies a major demand of protesters . But many remain perturbed that additional details have not come out about Brown 's shooting . What the police chief did do on Friday was express "  every confidence " in Wilson , who had one side of his face swollen in his encounter with Brown , according to authorities . "  He  is  a gentleman ... a quiet officer , " Jackson said . The entire situation is "  devastating , it 's absolutely devastating " to Wilson . Much more information was provided about the reported convenience store robbery . That includes the surveillance video , which shows a large African-American man pushing aside a smaller man who seemingly tries to stop him , then leaving the store . Crump said the larger man "  appears to be " Michael Brown . Newly released police documents claim the teenager roughly handled a clerk trying to stop him before walking out of the store with the box of Swisher Sweets . Read the police documents The cost for the box of cigars , according to the documents : $ 48.99 . Jackson , the Ferguson police chief , told CNN that Wilson confronted Brown for being in the road , not the robbery . "  I guess that is when he might have seen ... evidence and connected it " to the robbery , Jackson said -- without explicitly tying the two incidents together himself . Relative : Actions ` fueled the distrust ' toward police A key complaint of protesters has been -- while police have said the shooting occurred during a struggle for the officer 's gun -- witnesses say the officer shot Brown as the teenager stood with his hands in the air . Tiffany Mitchell , who saw what happened , told CNN that "  it looked as if Michael was pushing off and the cop was trying to pull him in . " Instead , a shot went off , the teen broke free , and the officer got out of the vehicle and ran about 20 feet in pursuit , she and co-worker Piaget Crenshaw said . Another man , Dorian Johnson , said he was with Brown at the time of the shooting and that police shot Brown without provocation . "  We was n't committing any crime , bringing no harm to nobody , but my friend was murdered in cold blood , " he told CNN affiliate KMOV . Jackson confirmed to reporters Friday that Johnson , at least , "  did not commit a crime and was not complicit in a crime . " The information released Friday seems unlikely to quell the anger in the eastern Missouri city or elsewhere . Eric Davis , speaking for Brown 's family , expects the opposite will be the case -- even as he stressed that any protests must remain peaceful . "  This  police  chief ... is just inciting the crowd and making everybody angry , " Davis said . "  It just fueled the distrust that was already out there for the Ferguson police department . " Yet there were also some who said the robbery is not necessarily irrelevant to what happened next . "  A robbery does n't justify shooting Mike Brown , but it definitely changes your perspective on his mindset at the time of police encounter , " read one Twitter post from @OneTermTooMany . Complete coverage of the Ferguson shooting ` Police chiefs are watching ' The full , complicated story has stirred an intense , nationwide discussion on race in the United States , and on the shooting itself as well as the response to demonstrators afterward . Accusers accused some protesters of violence and looting , while many on the other side have ripped what they call an over-the-top , militarized police response . So what 's next ? There 's still the possibility that action -- including , potentially , criminal charges -- could be taken against Officer Wilson . Then there 's the potential for political fall-out affecting Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon or Ferguson 's police chief . And there 's still a lot of anger about the shooting and the ensuing police response , and there are many angry people on the streets . A major rally is set for Sunday to demand action by authorities . "  This situation has been handled very badly , " civil rights leader Jesse Jackson said Friday from Ferguson . "  People here must turn their pain into power . " Undeterred by rain , people still made their voices heard Friday night on the streets of Ferguson -- some raising their hands up high , like they say Brown did before being shot dead by Officer Wilson . "  It 's tragic what happened , but we 're all united and working together , " said Tiffany Greene . "  It 's not a race thing , it 's a right-or-wrong thing . " The scene -- which mixed in chants and sign-holders with live music -- was a stark contrast to earlier in the week . Police used tear gas , rubber bullets and armored equipment , and accused some protesters of throwing rocks and Molotov cocktails . One demonstrator , Charla Griffin , noted the peaceful and communal nature of Friday 's gatherings , saying , "  We 're having a good time in the name of Michael Brown . " It 's seemingly no coincidence that things calmed calmed significantly Thursday , which was the day the state highway patrol took over security . Rather than confront protesters , Johnson figuratively and literally has embraced them . Talking later to CNN , the highway patrol captain said he thinks this whole ordeal -- as it relates to race relations between communities and law enforcement , as well as how authorities respond to protests -- "  will create change throughout our nation . " For example , he expects there will be talk about diversity training and tactics . "  This is all over the world , and I think police chiefs are watching -- deciding what they need to do and what they need to do better , " he said . Opinion : How many unarmed people have to die ?	Woman : Protesters "  united , " says cause is "  not a race thing , it 's ... right or wrong " Police ID the officer who fired fatal shot as Darren Wilson ; chiefs calls him "  gentleman " The same day , they release video documents tying Michael Brown to store robbery Brown 's family , activists criticize how the Ferguson police have handled the case
NEW YORK  CNN  -- He 's the other hero . After pulling child to safety , firefighter Jimmy Senk went back into burning building in case another was inside . Jimmy Senk is a Bronx , New York , firefighter who went inside a burning apartment with black smoke billowing out of the windows on Wednesday , pulled out a 4-year-old boy and handed him to a bystander . "  I 'm just glad he 's alive , you know ? " Senk told CNN . The boy has since been released from the hospital . The bystander , shopkeeper Horia Cretan , climbed four floors up a fire escape to try to help the boy before firefighters arrived . Cretan could n't reach the youngster . But when firefighter Senk and his fellow battle blazers arrived on the scene , they sprung into action . Senk could n't use the fire escape . Too many apartment residents were using it to get out . "  When I looked up , " Senk said , "  I could see the boy 's arm sticking out the window . " But the window was blocked by a bunk bed . Senk could n't fit through the window . One of Senk 's fellow firefighters put him on a ladder and got him to a different window . But then the boy did something unexpected . He disappeared into the black smoke back inside his bedroom . "  What am I gon na do now ? " Senk recalled . "  I masked up and went in . " Senk says there was intense heat . The smoke was so thick that he could n't see a thing . He felt around for the boy with his hands . Senk found him near a doorway . In video that 's been aired repeatedly on local , national , and international TV , Senk is seen leaning out the window and handing the boy to Cretan . Senk says he knew the boy was n't in good shape . "  He was unconscious . The body was limp . He was foaming at the mouth . " "  I did n't think he was going to make it , " Senk added . Watch Senk talk about the rescue with CNN 's Susan Candiotti " He says he yelled to his team to get some oxygen . Then , thanks to the helping hand from Cretan , he went right back in . Senk said he had to . He remembered seeing that bunk bed . "  You see bunk beds ; you got ta figure there 's two kids in there , right ? " Meantime , Cretan said he was holding the boy . "  He was lifeless . I cleaned up his mouth and his nostrils , ' said Cretan . He pushed on his chest and he says the boy opened his eyes . ` Once he did that , I was happy , " said Cretan . Then , he carried the boy downstairs and into the waiting hands of firefighters . Senk did n't find anyone else inside the bedroom . When he eventually made it to the ground , his team patted him on the back . "  I said , ' I just hope that kid lived . And he -LSB- another firefighter -RSB- goes , ` He lived . ' He was talking before he left , ' " said Senk . "  It was just incredible . I could n't believe it because he was completely unconscious . " Cretan has been congratulated on several TV shows for his efforts , but he acknowledged the role firefighters played . "  Trust me . Firefighters are heroes , " Cretan said . Senk says such rescues are a team effort . "  It 's the greatest job in the world . You get to save lives every day , " he said .	Horia Cretan became a hero for carrying boy from burning building The other hero is firefighter Jimmy Senk , who went into the building Senk saw boy disappear back into the smoke , so "  I masked up and went in " "  I did n't think he was going to make it , " Senk said
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When Maia Stack returned to the pagoda , or tower , where she had been abandoned as a baby she was overwhelmed by what had happened there 11 years earlier . "  I remember thinking , ` Wow , I wonder if my birth family hid behind those bushes or something ' " said Stack , now 18 years old , on returning to Hangzhou , China . "  I felt very disengaged throughout the entire process . I kind of removed myself from the situation because it was too emotionally challenging . " Stack is one of tens of thousands of children -- 95 % percent of whom are girls -- who have been adopted from China since its government ratified international adoption in 1992 . In 1979 , Chinese officials introduced the one-child policy requiring that couples have only one child to slow the country 's massive population growth . Could China 's one-child policy change ? With only one chance to pass on the family name , many Chinese couples are unhappy having a girl and either abort the pregnancy or abandon the baby . Because of this , China is one of the easiest countries from which to do an international adoption , according to ACC , a U.S.-based adoption agency that specializes in China . The process takes around two years and costs between US$ 19,000 and $ 23,000 . Many of those adoptees eventually visit China to experience their heritage first-hand . Being Chinese helped to define Stack 's childhood growing up in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . She and her sister , who is also adopted from China , attended a Saturday school to learn Chinese language and culture while other children were playing soccer or baseball . Stack was home schooled until partway through high school and attended a group of students that never treated her differently . However , when she started attending a charter school where she was the only Asian in a group of 40 students things changed . "  I did feel much like an outsider . I had the darkest skin , the only head of black hair in a sea of blond and brown , " she said . "  As the ` representative Asian , ' the kids fed back to me the typical stereotypes about Asians -- super smart , good in math , short ... While they did n't mean harm , it did hurt . " Spending four-and-a-half months in Beijing in 2011 studying Mandarin changed her outlook . "  I feel very proud to be both Chinese and American , " she said . "  I know that those things will always be a part of me whether I live in China or in America . " Today , Stack is a board member of China 's Children International -- an organization founded by high school girls to bring together Chinese adoptees around the world . Amy Cubbage and her husband , Graham Troop , adopted their daughter June from China when she was two years old . After deciding they wanted children , the couple chose to adopt internationally because of the positive experience Cubbage 's sister had adopting children from Russia . They applied for a non-special needs adoption in 2006 , Cubbage said . But after nearly two years and no match , they put their names on the list for special needs children -- meaning the child requires some form of medical treatment . Finally in the fall of 2008 , the couple was connected with June , who had been born with a cleft lip that has been repaired . As she grew older , June enjoyed attending Chinese cultural events so much that , at the age of five , she asked her parents if she could visit China . "  We were going to take her back eventually , " said Troop , a librarian in Louisville , Kentucky . "  I was a little surprised because it was a little early , but we felt that if she was asking to go she must have a need to go . " The family made the trek to China last month visiting the Great Wall , Beijing 's Tiananmen Square and June 's orphanage in Guangxi province , among other sites . "  She was joyful the whole time , " Cubbage , a lawyer , said of her daughter . "  It was clear that she had a large connection to the place . " Upon visiting with the foster family that tended to their daughter June 's parents were overcome with emotion . "  We could see the love that they had on their faces for her and the sadness that they did n't have her anymore , " Cubbage said . "  I know they are happy that she was adopted but it was easy to see that they were sad too . " Six-year-old June already shows a great deal of interest in her Chinese heritage , but it 's not always easy to explain . "  She asks why her parents could n't take care of her and we try and answer that as best as we can . It 's hard , " her father said . "  Hearing about her adoption  is sort of a comfort to her . She likes to hear her story told . " The family plans to return to China regularly . "  The bottom line for us is that we chose to do an international adoption . She did n't . She did n't have any other choice , " Cubbage said . "  So I feel as a mom it is my responsibility to teach her . " Jenna Murphy * and her husband are taking their five-year-old daughter to China in September -- something they decided before they even brought her home . "  We 're doing it in stages . She wo n't go back to the province where she was born this time , " Murphy said . "  We will just go to the major cities and the touristy , lovely places . " When they picked their daughter up from the orphanage , she was 10 months old and could barely sit up , but after bringing her home to Australia her development quickly improved . Murphy said she wants her daughter to have a positive opinion of her birth country despite the challenges she has already faced in life . "  I do n't want her to think ` they did n't want me ' ... or for it to be even in the realm of possibility , " Murphy said . "  I want her to see China as a good thing . " As for Stack , the high school senior said she wants to take a year off before college to volunteer in a Chinese orphanage . "  I 'm so blessed to have been adopted , " she said . "  I feel compelled to go back to China and volunteer and give back to the kids that were n't adopted . " * Name has been changed to protect her from South Australian law prohibiting adopted children from being identified in the media .	Thousands of girls are adopted out of China each year , ending up in homes around the world Many of them find identity and purpose in returning to China to visit their roots Adoptive parents often choose to travel back to China frequently with their adopted children Many adoptive parents feel it a duty to teach their children about where they came from
CNN  -- The smartphone market is pretty competitive , which can make choosing a phone challenging for consumers who just want a clear answer on which of these pricey devices they should buy . Right now , the three leading types of smartphones are running nearly neck-and-neck in the U.S. , although Google 's Android models may be inching ahead . New data from Nielsen shows that slightly more U.S. consumers are buying Android phones than any other type of smartphone . Currently Android holds 29 % of the US smartphone market ; while the iPhone and BlackBerry hold 27 % each . But wait : Android is an operating system , and there 's considerable diversity among the manufacturers , models , features , and general user experience available in that category . Under the "  Android " label you 'll find everything from the high-end Motorola Droid Pro and the HTC Evo 4G to the lower-tech Samsung Intercept . Also , Android system updates get rolled out unevenly to various Android devices . In terms of manufacturers , Nielsen notes : "  RIM and Apple are the winners compared to other device makers since they are the only ones creating and selling smartphones with their respective operating systems . "  HTC follows with 12 % of consumer smartphone owners having an HTC Android device and 7 % owning an HTC device running a Microsoft OS . Ten percent of consumer smartphone owners had a Motorola Android device and one percent owned a Motorola device running a Microsoft OS . "	New data from Nielsen shows that slightly more people are buying Android phones Android holds 29 % of the US smartphone market iPhone and BlackBerry hold 27 % of the market
CNN  -- Three years after the killing of Mexican journalist Armando Rodriguez , his colleagues said they are more determined than ever to write about the nation 's drug cartels despite the risks . "  Those who ordered the killing of Armando were wrong because those who are left are more seasoned and we are working , " said Luz del Carmen Sosa , a reporter for El Diario de Juarez newspaper who took over Rodriguez 's crime beat after his death . "  Those who believed we were going to take step back , they were wrong . " On November 13 , 2008 , Rodriguez -- called "  El Choco " by his colleagues because of his chocolate skin tone -- was about to take his two young daughters to school when a man approached the garage of his house and fired 11 shots into his chest . His daughters , one of whom witnessed the attack , have not spoken publicly since the incident and did not attend a memorial event for their father on Sunday . Rodriguez 's wife declined an interview request from CNN . His colleagues believe he was targeted because of his coverage of drug cartels in the border town of Ciudad Juarez . Before his death , Rodriguez was among the first journalists to write at length about the violent shift in the city . He was a high-profile reporter for the most-read paper in the city , covering a dangerous beat . It was a job his friends believe cost him his life . Local reporters now look at the killing as the first of many targeting journalists for their work . Since 2000 , 74 journalists have been killed in Mexico -- 14 since 2010 . On the third anniversary of his death , his newsroom colleagues gathered Sunday to pay tribute and "  remember Choco ... friend , journalist , family man and a great man , " the paper 's editorial assistant Pedro Torres said at the public event . His colleagues criticized the investigation into his unsolved killing , saying it is an example of the hundreds of unsolved murders throughout the city -- widely considered to be one of the most violent in the world . Sandra Rodriguez Nieto , an El Diario reporter , said she believes that someone is "  hiding those responsible " for Rodriguez 's death . It 's a charge prosecutors with the Chihuahua State Attorney General 's Office have denied . Early in the investigation they announced the detention of a suspect in the shooting , but never released details about who they held . The lack of information led to speculation among El Diario 's newspaper staff that there was a cover up . Making matters more complicated were attacks on the investigators working on the case . In July 2009 , a convoy carrying Jos  Ibarra Lim  n , the first federal prosecutor designated to Rodriguez 's case , was riddled with bullets by unknown assailants . The following August , Pasillas Paul Fong , the secretary of the Seventh Agency who would inherit the case , was executed . Days later , a third investigator took the case , only to flee Juarez soon afterward . "  This is a situation that hurts , an unacceptable situation , " Torres said . Of the five publications in Juarez , El Diario de Juarez is the most popular paper in terms of circulation and has made a reputation for aggressively covering drug violence . In September 2010 , two of the paper 's photographers were attacked -- one was killed . A clear motive was never established , but investigators at the time did note the car carrying the two young journalists was registered to the son of the inspector of the State Human Rights Commission , Gustavo de la Rosa Hickerson . Some believe the journalists were not the intended targets of the attack . On the same day friends and family buried the slain photographer , the newspaper published an open letter to the drug cartels operating in Juarez . The letter , written by the editorial staff , pleaded for an end to violence against journalists . No newspaper in Juarez had ever published an editorial directly addressed to the cartels ; and no other paper has done so since . "  You are , at present , the de facto authorities in this city , " the letter said , "  because the legal institutions have not been able to keep our colleagues from dying . " In the wake of Rodriguez 's death , del Carmen Sosa said she has no fear and was ready to take full responsibility for her work , even if it means death . She said she operates under the same mantra as her predecessor . "  Unlike Armando Luis Carlos  Rodriquez  , I 'm alive , " del Carmen Sosa said . "  I try to be responsible with my journalism and I have no fear . " In 2010 , she was presented with an award for her courageous reporting . "  I can only thank God every day ... because we need justice not only for Armando but for all the homicides in this city , " she said .	Since 2000 , 74 journalists have been killed in Mexico -- 14 since 2010 Mexican journalist Armando Rodriguez dies in 2008 There are questions about the investigation of his death Other journalists pledge to continue to report about drug cartels
CNN  -- If you 're going to photograph Olivia Wilde , she 's going to make sure you get the full picture . So , in the September issue of Glamour magazine , that meant getting in a breast-feeding photo as well . The 30-year-old actress attended the shoot with her infant son , Otis , whom she welcomed with fiance Jason Sudeikis in April . In one image , she feeds her firstborn in a diner while wearing a Roberto Cavalli gown -- which , OK , is n't exactly how she does it at home . Olivia Wilde , Jason Sudeikis welcome baby boy "  Being shot with Otis is so perfect because any portrait of me right now is n't complete without my identity as a mother being a part of that , " Wilde explained . "  Breast-feeding is the most natural thing . I do n't know , now it feels like Otis should always be on my breast . " To Wilde , the photograph depicts "  that multifaceted woman " that "  we know we can be , " she went on . "  You can be someone who is at once maternal and professional and sexy and self-possessed , " Wilde said . "  But  I mean , I certainly do n't really look like that when I 'm  typically  breast-feeding . And there 's usually a diaper involved . " After the pictures were shared online , Wilde joked via Twitter that "  Otis ordered milkshakes . Luckily I had some on me . Then he peed on my dress . Good kid . #boobfood #whennaturecalls . " She also thanked Glamour for "  knowing there 's nothing indecent about feeding a hungry baby . " As far as her relationship with Otis ' dad , actor and "  Saturday Night Live " alum Sudeikis , Wilde sounds just as content as she looks in her photo . "  We 're engaged , but no specific plans yet , " Wilde said . "  We just have to find the time to put it together . In many ways , a child is more of a commitment . We are fully committed and really happy as a family . And there 's no definition of the ` normal family ' anymore . Kids today are growing up with so many different definitions of family . I guess what I 'm saying is that I do n't feel any pressure to do it . But I think it will be really fun . "	Olivia Wilde poses for Glamour magazine with her infant son , Otis One image depicts the actress breast-feeding She jokes that Otis "  ordered milkshakes " during the shoot
Boat after boat , body after body from a capsized South Korean ferry came ashore Sunday morning , a solemn process interrupted by piercing cries and screams from passengers ' kin . The wrenching scene came after four police boats arrived in rapid succession . The first carried four bodies . The second boat had three more , likewise the third and fourth . Each body was taken onto a stretcher on the dock in Jindo , draped in cloth . After an inspection , they were carried along a path guarded by police -- who themselves shed tears -- and past even more outwardly emotional family members . These relatives cried and , in some cases , yelled loudly , clearly overtaken by the moment . Some of those shouts came from inside the identification tent . One man yelled out , "  Wake up ! Wake up , please ! " The arrival of the 13 bodies corresponds with the South Korean coast guard 's announcement , a short time earlier , that the death toll had increased by that number , up to 50 . But few expect it to stop there . While 174 were rescued shortly after the vessel sunk Wednesday , there have been none saved since despite extensive , exhaustive searches by air , from ships and by divers plunging into the frigid waters and ideally inside the now completely submerged ship itself . The number of those unaccounted for stood at 252 early Sunday . Relatives of some of them gathered in Jindo -- the nearest port to the wreckage some 12 miles  20 kilometers  away -- were asked earlier in the weekend to submit DNA samples . Ship 's captain defends evacuation As divers and others scrambled to retrieve yet more bodies , details are trickling in about what happened the day the ferry capsized . Capt. Lee Joon Seok defended his order to delay the evacuation of his sinking ferry , CNN affiliate YTN reported early Saturday . Lee was charged with abandoning his boat , negligence , causing bodily injury , not seeking rescue from other ships and violating "  seamen 's law , " state media reported . He appeared before reporters in handcuffs . "  Mr. Lee is charged with causing the Sewol ship to sink by failing to slow down while sailing the narrow route and making  a  turn excessively , " prosecutor Lee Bong-chang told the semiofficial Yonhap news agency . "  Lee is also charged with failing to do the right thing to guide the passengers to escape and thereby leading to their death or injury . " If convicted , he faces from five years to life in prison . Lee was n't at the helm of the Sewol when it started to sink ; a third mate was at the helm , a prosecutor said . Where was the captain ? The captain was not in the steering room when the accident occurred , according to police and his own account . He was in his cabin . A crew member , described as the third mate and identified only as Park , appeared in handcuffs with Lee . Park is facing charges including negligence and causing injuries leading to deaths , said Yang Joong Jin , a maritime police spokesman . A technician with the surname Cho is also facing the same charges , he said . Lee answered questions as he left a court hearing Saturday . "  The tidal current was strong and water temperature was cold , and there was no rescue boat , " he told reporters , according to CNN affiliate YTN . "  So I had everyone stand by and wait for the rescue boat to arrive . " He said he plotted the ship 's course , and then went to his cabin briefly "  to tend to something . " It was then , he said , the accident happened . The third mate , who was at the helm of the ship when Lee left , said she did not make a sharp turn , but "  the steering turned much more than usual . " The captain was one of at least 174 people rescued soon after the Sewol began to sink , violating an "  internationally recognized rule that a captain must stay on the vessel , " maritime law attorney Jack Hickey said . "  Pretty much every law , rule , regulation and standard throughout the world says that yes , the captain must stay with the ship until all personnel are safely off of the ship , certainly passengers . " More ships , aircraft Hopes of finding the missing alive dimmed further when the entire boat became submerged Friday . Until then , part of the ship 's blue-and-white hull was still poking out of the frigid waters of the Yellow Sea . The coast guard said workers continued to pump air into the hull of the submerged ship , but could not stop its descent . The ferry boat sank 10 meters  33 feet  farther below the surface of the Yellow Sea overnight , Maritime Police told CNN Saturday . South Korean officials said Saturday they are sending in 176 ships , 28 aircraft and 652 divers to take part in the search and rescue efforts .	The death toll climbs to 50 , the South Korean coast guard says 252 people are still missing , in addition to the 174 who were rescued Capt. Lee Joon Seok defends his order to delay the evacuation of his sinking ferry
CNN  -- April 27 , 2011 , was quite the busy day for my colleagues at CNN.com . It was two days and counting until the royal wedding of Britain 's Prince William and Kate Middleton , and the site was getting all its ducks in a row for the big event . But I was nowhere near the newsroom that day . I was in a hotel conference room in another state , auditioning to be on the long-running TV game show "  Jeopardy! " for the fourth time . For almost 20 years I 've tried to get on "  America 's Favorite Quiz Show , " going all the way back to my freshman year in college , where I missed passing the written test by "  one question "  not really , but the contestant coordinators asked us to say that as they did not reveal actual scores  . I 've auditioned for the show in three states and the District of Columbia . I traveled eight hours by car for the 2011 audition , and five hours by train for the college test . And I do n't regret a single moment of it . I 've been told that I 'm obsessed with game shows . I prefer to call myself a "  super fan . " I 've auditioned for 11 game shows , and appeared on three of them . Back in 2001 , I appeared on ABC 's "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire , " following my 80th or so attempt to qualify via phone auditions . I made it to the "  hot seat , " lasting all of two minutes before I bombed out on a $ 500 question on collar stays . I went home with nothing , but was invited back a few weeks later to compete in a special game starring all the show 's "  zero dollar " winners . With new found confidence , I bounced back to win $ 64,000 before calling it a night . I 've been a "  phone a friend " for six "  Millionaire " contestants until the show dropped the lifeline in 2009 . I competed on ESPN 's "  Two-Minute Drill " in 2001 , winning $ 5,000 and getting a chance to chat up Dara Torres and Darryl Dawkins . I appeared as a "  mob member " on NBC 's "  1 vs. 100 " in 2006 , falling short on a question regarding salad creators -- I never did watch that "  Curb Your Enthusiasm " episode confirming that Bob Cobb had a namesake salad . And I was an interactive champion on the 2000 Fox Family game "  Paranoia , " winning a top-of-the-line desktop computer with camera . So how did this all start ? I ca n't pinpoint the exact date I suddenly got interested in game shows , but family members insist it started while I was a crawling toddler . One relative joked  I hope  that my first complete sentence was "  X gets the square , " a reference to the long-running "  Hollywood Squares . " When I was 6 , I was barred from watching "  Family Feud " after I got caught kissing a first-grade female classmate . When my long-suffering teacher , Mrs. Kaplan , asked me why I did that , I explained that Richard Dawson did it every night , and he did n't get punished . To me , game shows were the place to go to see magic and happiness occur on a daily basis . Where else could you see ordinary Americans win cash and prizes just by answering questions , solving puzzles or performing silly stunts ? Game shows gave me the opportunity to expand my knowledge beyond what I learned in school , books and newspapers . For a time , getting home from school meant having a snack and working on long division while watching "  The Joker 's Wild " and "  Tic Tac Dough . " More than once , my 9-year-old self squealed in delight for knowing answers that the contestants could n't handle . The game show hosts were like Santa Claus -- rewarding the "  nice " contestants with cash , cars and bedroom sets , while punishing the "  naughty " players with zonks , whammies and lifetime supplies of Turtle Wax and Rice-a-Roni . Over time , the hosts were part of the family . I saw Bill Cullen , who hosted more than 20 game shows in a career spanning five decades , as the grandfatherly figure who was quick with a kind word whether you were happy or sad . Dick Clark , who helmed various incarnations of "  Pyramid , " was the stern but fair teacher who could throw out a joke , but knew when to be serious . And Richard Dawson was the life of the party , but someone who always made sure that you were having fun , as well . Admittedly , few understood my love of the genre . Classmates were only interested in game shows when they were hip to the crowd , such as "  Press Your Luck " or MTV 's "  Remote Control . " Family members were confused at times , but did play along . One California vacation included a visit to a taping of "  Win , Lose or Draw , " where I got to chat with game show legend Charles Nelson Reilly between tapings . But , for the most part , my love of the genre was something I kept to myself . And when the genre became pass  in the early 90s , and talk shows and similar fare took over the landscape , I simply forgot about big bucks and no whammies . Then came college , adulthood and the World Wide Web . It was there that I found people who were just like me -- game show fans who loved talking about game shows past , present and future . We reviewed shows , compared hosts and rooted each other on as we went out on auditions . One friend sent me a cassette of game show themes that included a cover of "  Route 66 " by Depeche Mode that featured a commercial for the Tom Kennedy version of "  Name That Tune , " voiced by the legendary Ernie Anderson . Another sent me a "  Price is Right " coffee mug . A few times we got together in California for a "  Game Show Congress , " where we honored the past , present and future of the genre . Hosts , producers , announcers and contestants would gather to discuss game shows with fans like me , as well as play our own versions of the games we grew up and watched . It 's that sense of community that made me feel blessed when I learned this week that Richard Dawson passed away . As soon as I heard the news , I went online to a game show message board I frequent . There , I read stories from friends and colleagues about how much they enjoyed Dawson 's work as an actor and emcee . Through the forum , I found a YouTube clip of a short-lived 1970s game show called "  Masquerade Party , " which Dawson hosted a few years before "  Family Feud . " And I learned that Dawson may not have been the first choice to host "  Feud ; " Geoff Edwards , Jack Narz and William Shatner were all supposedly under consideration . One of the great things about the online world is that , if you look hard enough , you can find people who share your interests and embrace them . I do n't know the size of the game show community , but I know that we are loyal to the genre . My wife and her family have also developed "  game show fever . " My wife , who 's more of a casual game show fan , joined me at a Game Show Congress in 2006 . She was n't sure what to expect , but my friends welcomed her with open arms . I still remember her being the top player in a game of "  Bruce Forsyth 's Hot Streak "  a short-lived 80s ABC game show hosted by the legendary British emcee  . She also helped me recruit three members of her family to audition for the Steve Harvey edition of "  Family Feud " two years ago . We did n't get the call to play , but we had a ton of fun giving it a try . As for me , I do n't know what my future in game shows holds , as I have n't been impressed with the programs that have aired in recent years . Most of them seem to follow the rules of so-called "  reality " shows -- larger-than-life contestants , silly conflicts and manufactured drama . A few shows stay true to the form I grew up with , but those series are few and far between . Which brings me back to "  Jeopardy! " As of now , I 'm on the waiting list to be a contestant . Between now and the end of the year , I may get a call to be on the show . If not , I 'll just wait for the next online test and try again . Either way , I 'm not going to let the dream fade away .	The author has a thing for game shows He has been a phone a friend for six "  Millionaire " contestants The recent death of "  Family Feud " host Richard Dawson brought back memories
CNN  -- It 's time to end the posturing and give the world 's boxing fans the bout they desperately want : Manny Pacquiao versus Floyd Mayweather . That 's Bob Arum 's message to everyone involved in trying to navigate a way through the quagmire that is negotiations for a contest that has long been top of fight fans ' wish list . Pacquiao 's promoter has been in touch with Mayweather 's camp to kick-start talks and finally attempt to get two of boxing 's best ever fighters in the ring . Though both boxers are arguably past their prime any match up between Mayweather -- unbeaten in 45 fights across five different weights -- and Pacquiao -- an eight-division world champion with 55 wins from 62 fights -- is likely to ignite huge interest . "  We 've put out the olive branch saying we would welcome the start of discussions for such a fight , " Top Rank chief executive officer Arum told CNN World Sport . "  While Manny fights on HBO and HBO pay-per-view and Floyd fights on Showtime and Showtime pay-per-view , there is a precedent for both networks to come together and put on big event . "  They did it when heavyweight Mike Tyson , who was a Showtime fighter , fought Lennox Lewis , who was an HBO fighter , a number of years ago . That was a hugely successful event and set a record for pay-per-view sales in the US . "  We ca n't keep posturing , . If people want to make a deal and put aside egos and making statements to the press -- who was right , who was wrong -- and really sincerely want something to happen it generally gets done . "  And it is my hope that 's what will happen ; when and if both sides sit down to discuss seriously an event the sports world is crying out for . " With Mayweather approaching 37 and Pacquiao , 34 , suffering two successive defeats before his most recent victory -- over Brandon Rios in Macau -- Arum acknowledges time is running out to make a deal . While the pair may not be as the pinnacle of their careers as they were when the fight was mooted three years ago , Arum still believes it would generate worldwide interest and reportedly might bring in $ 100 million . "  I think if an event like that was made people would really flock to watch it , " he added . "  I think it 's very fair to say the clamor is not as fervent as it was a few years ago when they were both at the height of their careers but it 's still an event the public are clamoring for , perhaps not as much as three years ago but we ca n't roll back the clock . " Pacquiao 's most immediate focus in the aftermath of his victory over Rios earlier this month has been to defend himself amid accusations that he owes $ 50 million in unpaid taxes in his home country the Philippines . The 34-year-old 's assets have been frozen , meaning he had to borrow money to help victims of Super Typhoon Haiyan that tore through the country . But Arum says the allegations amount to a "  political vendetta " against Pacquiao , who is a member of congress in the Philippines , and will be ironed out shortly . "  The assessment is based on fights he had in the United States and in every one of those fights -- four fights in the two years in question -- we withheld 30 % of the amounts we paid him and paid those amounts to the Internal Revenue Service  IRS  , " Arum explained . "  We supplied the Philippine tax authorities with the schedule of our payments and receipts from the IRS . For some unknown reason they are insisting the IRS send certification of the payments . "  Manny applied for those certifications a while ago and of course the IRS was bogged down partly because when the government was shut down they were n't working . There 's been a hold up but I 'm sure once those certifications arrive , it will all go away . "  He does n't owe anything . Under the Philippine-U.S. tax treaty , he was taxed in the U.S. for income earned in the U.S. , and he gets a dollar per dollar credit against his Philippine taxes . "  Once that credit it given to him they 'll find there is no further tax liability in the Philippines . "  I think it 's great for his image because it shows the nature of politics in the Philippines . Manny Pacquiao is a member of a coalition in the Philippines that is in political opposition to the president and it seems to me as a foreigner , that this is nothing more than a political vendetta . " Arum hailed Pacquiao 's showdown with Rios in Macau , a province of China , as a triumph and said he is planning another event with three former Olympic gold medalists in February . Along with the emergence of fighters from Latin America and Eastern Europe , as well as the traditional boxing heartlands of the U.S. and the United Kingdom , Arum pointed to Asia as having huge potential . "  Is Asia an up and coming market for everything ? Of course it is , " he said . "  There 's 1.3 billion people in China , there 's fans all over Japan , Malaysia , Indonesia . There 's tremendous interest in boxing and we expect to do many events in the years to come in Asia . "  There will be a lot of talent in Asian fighters just as there are so many great fighters now coming out of Eastern Europe , from Russia , Ukraine and Kazakhstan . "  Boxing is a world wide sport and our best fighters and champions are coming from all over . I 'm very , very excited as far as the future of boxing is concerned . "	Boxing promoter Bob Arum says it is time to make Manny Pacquiao v Floyd Mayweather happen Pacquiao 's promoter says egos must be laid aside if and when discussions begin Arum says there is still a huge appetite for the bout despite both having gone past career heights Top Rank CEO also defends Pacquiao 's tax affairs over claims he owes $ 50 million in unpaid tax
CNN  -- The posts show how quickly life can change . "  Everyones dressing up as Batman , im going dressed as Bruce Wayne ... Albeit a short stubby unsexy Bruce Wayne #CouldntFindBatmanMaskInTime , " wrote one Twitter user , identified online as Zach Eastman . "  Going to see the final batman tonight ! So EXCITED !!! " wrote another Twitter user , @DjaylaRene . And , in hindsight , most chillingly : "  Of course we 're seeing Dark Knight ... people should never argue with me . " Gunman kills 12 in Colorado theater shooting Those posts surfaced before the shootings early Friday morning at a late-night showing in Aurora , Colorado , of the Batman movie "  The Dark Knight Rises , " in which 12 people were killed and dozens more were injured . All three people who were quoted above appear to have been in the theater complex when a heavily armed gunman opened fire on moviegoers , according to police . The third post appears to be from Jessica Ghawi , who was reported dead in the shooting . Ghawi was a former sports-news intern at a television station in San Antonio , according to that station , Fox 29 . "  It 's true , my former intern Jessica Ghawi was a victim in the shootings last night . She used @JessicaRedfield as her twitter handle , " wrote a Twitter user identified as Mike Taylor . In the hours after the shooting , her friend mourned her death in real time . "  Devastated , " wrote a sports radio host in Denver , identified online as Peter Burns . "  Lost a very close friend in the shooting last night . @JessicaRedfield came to Denver to pursue sports career . I 'm shaking . " Aspiring sports reporter Ghawi feared dead in shooting The horrifying posts highlight a shift in the way our society tells the story of a tragedy , and also how we react to it . Before Twitter , smartphones and YouTube , it would have been impossible for an event like Colorado 's "  Batman Massacre " to have played out for the global public in real time . The shooting is just the latest instance of social media being used to document a tragedy or a news event even as it is unfolding . A Pakistani man last year unwittingly live-tweeted the raid that killed Osama bin Laden . And the war in Syria is being documented in large part by citizens and members of the opposition movement who risk their lives to post YouTube videos and photos of the violence . NRA tweeter was ` unaware ' of Colorado shooting , spokesman says But the social media posts about the Colorado shooting are a haunting reminder of the visceral power of first-person accounts of tragedy . And also a sign that society these days deals with grieving after an event like this in a much more public and immediate way than in years past . Reports of the 1999 Columbine school shooting , for example , which happened only 17 miles from Aurora , spread in a much different way . Thirteen years ago , witnesses talked to TV crews rather than uploading their stories instantly to the Internet with mobile phones . Shooting turns movie into surreal horror : ` This is real ' Some reports from the Aurora movie theater appeared to come out as the shooting occurred . "  Now I 'm thinking it was bullets coming through the wall from 9 causing smoke and fire cracker sounds . #aurorashooting #batman #shootng , " a Twitter user identified as Jamie Marshall wrote . "  Never seen so many cop cars in my life . Its a parade of lights , " wrote Isaac Ramos . "  Everything keeps replaying in my head . It was so unreal , " @DjaylaRene wrote . "  I am getting ready to cry . So scared . I need a hug . I almost got shot 9 times . I had a chance to be like 50 , " wrote another Twitter user , @Abenistar . He later added : "  I seen a person bleeding out their mouth and gasping for their last breath . This ai n't right . #Century16Shooting . Thunk the world is ending . " Shaky YouTube videos show people screaming , crying and rushing out of the theater after the shooting , some of them with bloody wounds . Another video , apparently taken outside the building by a person who was in the theater next to the shooting , offers a glimpse into the mindset of a person who has just witnessed tragedy . The amateur videographer sounds to be at a loss for words . "  Oh Jesus . July 20th , 2012 . Aurora Century 16 , " he says , in a sort of real-time confessional about the event . "  There has been a massive shooting here . A lot of people wounded , a lot of people dead . I ca n't really take pictures , just because I 'd rather  be  helping people than wanting to take pictures of some pretty ghastly  expletive  . There 's some guy in a gas mask apparently -- teargassed theater 9 . We were in theater 8 . Just lit it up . It hit a lot of people , a lot of younger people . Oh . It 's pretty -- it 's pretty bad . " Timeline of worst mass shootings in U.S. Officials also turned to the Internet in an effort to make sense of the events . The Red Cross is asking people who witnessed the shooting to tell loved ones that they were OK over social media sites like Facebook and Twitter . "  People do n't know how close you were , so help alleviate that anxiety , " spokeswoman Patricia Billinger told USA Today . And other officials used the Internet to offer sympathy . "  We certainly appreciate the nation 's thoughts and prayers as our police department continues to investigate the terrible theater shooting tragedy that occurred today , " the city of Aurora wrote on its Facebook page . "  Our condolences go out to the victims and their family members . " Are you there ? Share your story with us on CNN iReport and post your tributes to the victims . CNN 's Doug Gross and Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this report .	Shooting at a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , leaves 12 dead Eyewitness reports unfold online in real time People also turn to the Internet on Friday to grieve for victims The event highlights a shift in the way society gathers and processes news
CNN  -- What did you do this weekend ? This seemingly innocuous question from a co-worker makes Sam uncomfortable and anxious . He lies or avoids answering the question altogether . Sam is gay , and in the closet . He has worked at the same place for 27 years , specializing in highway construction , and while he knows that some of his colleagues suspect he is gay , he has never revealed his sexuality at the office . "  I could n't come out in the '80s because it was openly hostile , " he said . "  I 've thought about coming out . The environment has changed , but my decision has n't . If I came out , I would be the only one . " Though he knows of other homosexuals in his 4,000-employee work force , he says no one is openly gay . "  It 's a problem . I 'm somewhat used to it , " said the civil engineer , 53 , explaining he "  filters " what he tells people about his personal life . "  When people ask about who I went on vacation with , I tell them , ' A friend . ' " Safe to come out ? Fear is also what drove Jason , a 25-year-old information technology professional , into the closet . Jason works at a major corporation in one of the 29 states where private companies can legally fire , or not hire , someone because she or he is gay . "  There is no protection , " said the gay rights activist , conceding that there is some hypocrisy in campaigning for gay rights while concealing his homosexuality . He refrains from answering his partner 's telephone calls or talking about him at the office , he said , even going through the trouble of creating two albums of vacation photos , one with his partner and one that excludes his partner to show people at work . "  You 're at-will employment . So they could point blank say I do n't want a gay person working under me . I 'm going to let you go . I 'm not saying that my managers would do that , but you never know . " Such fears appear to be echoed by others in the LGBT community , where according to a recent study by the Human Rights Campaign , an LGBT advocacy group , 53 % of LGBT workers in the country hide their sexual identity at work and 35 % feel compelled to lie about their personal lives while at the office . Another joint study by Deloitte , a consulting and financial services firm , and New York University , found that 83 % of lesbian , gay and bisexual workers reported "  covering " a part of their sexual identity at work . "  It 's really downplaying the parts of ourselves that are either our identity or our experiences , " said Christie Smith , managing principal of the Deloitte University Leadership Center for Inclusion and one of the authors of the study . "  The LGBT community is the population that is most impacted by this concept of covering , hiding their identity when they come to work . They 're completely denying , if you will , their sexual identity in order to conform . " Of course , there are also LGBT individuals who are not out of the closet because they feel their sexuality is private and does n't need to be discussed at work . Apple CEO Tim Cook publicly acknowledged Thursday that he is gay , becoming the only CEO of a Fortune 500 company to announce his homosexuality while at the helm of a major company . "  I do n't consider myself an activist , but I realize how much I 've benefited from the sacrifice of others , " Cook wrote in a Bloomberg Businessweek column . "  So if hearing that the CEO of Apple is gay can help someone struggling to come to terms with who he or she is , or bring comfort to anyone who feels alone , or inspire people to insist on their equality , then it 's worth the trade-off with my own privacy . " Cook 's announcement triggered Twitter users to make #proudtobegay a trending topic for several hours . Many people used their 140 characters to celebrate the news , and some saw it as an important moment . "  Proud of Tim Cook for using his voice and his influence to help others , " tennis legend and openly gay athlete Billie Jean King wrote . "  So proud of tim cook . knowing the apple CEO is gay will comfort and inspire so many young people who are afraid . maybe it already has , " tweeted Tech Crunch reporter Jordan Crook . The news comes a month after President Barack Obama 's executive order banning federal contractors from discriminating against employees on the basis of sexual orientation , which was welcomed by the LGBT community . The presidential initiative helps to reinforce a changing social and legal landscape where , according to the Human Rights Campaign , 91 % of Fortune 500 companies have policies that promote diversity and protect employees against discrimination . Inclusion good for business Making policy translate to culture is an evolving challenge , says Todd Sears , a former investment banker who founded Out Leadership , a strategic advising company geared toward helping companies focus on LGBT inclusion . "  We have become so politically correct that a number of senior leaders are afraid to say anything because they do n't want to say the wrong thing , " Sears said . "  But , point in fact , that is the exact wrong thing to do . What I encourage senior leaders to do is say , ' I am learning . Can you help me ? I am going to make a mistake ; I want you to help me figure out that I should say sexual orientation not sexual preference . ' " Sears says he is encouraged by the strides he sees companies taking . "  I actually think corporate America is faster than the federal government , than any state governments , because corporate America sees the business bottom line impact of this , " he said , noting that the LGBT market represents about $ 800 billion in spending power . "  It 's not just the LGBT market ; it is the ally market . It 's the people who care about LGBT people , " said Sears . "  There are economic consequences to discrimination , and you see that play out in the marketplace . " Key to increasing inclusion at the office , Sears says , is retaining talent . "  It definitely is a deciding factor where I go next . It definitely weighs in on my decision to stay . I mean , just knowing that you have the security and those protections built in is really important , " Jason said . "  Regardless of who I am outside of work or who I identify as sexually , I 've worked to always prove myself as a valuable employee and member of the team . " Inclusive policies are not enough to persuade Brandon to come out at his job , where he is a project manager for a medical research firm . "  Policy does n't necessarily create safety , " said Brandon , a transgender man . The 33-year-old leads a team of 10 associates and recently opted to work from home , in part because he found it too stressful to go to an office for fear that he would be outed . "  The main reason is I do n't know whether there would be a negative effect , " he reasoned . "  I ca n't risk that . It feels too much like a roll of the dice . " ` I 'm not ashamed of who I am ' Brandon 's employment came after an exhaustive nine-month search that included interviews with 20 different companies . In every interview except with his current company he was open about his transition from female to male . "  It 's better to not be out , " said Brandon , who is convinced that being open about his transgender identity and activism may have turned off potential employers . Brandon 's concern was backed by a 2011 Harvard study that found in some states , there was significant discrimination against openly gay applicants , with gay job applicants approximately 40 % less likely to be offered a job interview than their heterosexual counterparts . Brandon has been with his company for six years , and at this point he 's not ready to tell his co-workers that he is transgender . That often leaves him feeling lonely and isolated at work . "  I may be perceived as a strange ` other . ' That 's sad and hurtful , " he said . "  It 's such a huge risk . If I come out , I ca n't go back . It 's a one-way door . " Still , it 's a door that Brandon may soon walk through , as his yearning to become a parent is greater than his fear of being outed . Brandon , who was born a woman , is considering having a child . A pregnancy would force Brandon out of the closet , as he still routinely meets with his team . "  It 's not about shame . I 'm not ashamed of who I am . It 's more about logistically navigating a world that I know to be untrustworthy , and even with policy in place , it 's fickle . " Life decisions like marriage could prompt Jason to come out , too , but until then he hopes that policy at work will change to reflect the growing social culture of acceptance . "  Maybe I 'll be the first . We 'll see if the time is right and the venue is right . I mean someone has to step up eventually . ... The tides are slowly turning in our favor . " CNN 's Poppy Harlow , Vivian Kuo and Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this story .	"  Jason " says he keeps 2 photo albums ; work album excludes photos of him and boyfriend In 29 states , private companies can legally fire or not hire someone because he/she is gay Study : 53 % of LGBT community conceal sexuality at work and 35 % lie about personal lives Transgender "  Brandon " wants to have a child but worries it would force him out of closet
Washington  CNN  -- The Department of Veterans Affairs unveiled new regulations Monday making it easier for men and women who served in the armed forces to receive benefits for post-traumatic stress disorder . Current department rules require veterans to document events like firefights or bomb explosions that could have caused the disorder . Such documentation was often time-consuming and difficult , and sometimes was impossible . Under the new rules a veteran only needs to demonstrate that he or she served in a war and performed a job during which events could have happened that could cause the disorder . "  With this new PTSD regulation , we are acknowledging the inherently stressful nature of the places and circumstances of military service , in which the reality and fear of hostile or terrorist activities is always present , " said Michael Walcoff , the VA 's acting undersecretary for benefits . The new rule "  will potentially benefit all veterans , regardless of their period of service and it is not limited to veterans with direct combat experience , " he stressed . Wolcoff noted that over 400,000 veterans currently receive compensation benefits for PTSD . In his weekly address on Saturday , President Barack Obama called the change a "  long overdue step . " "  For years , many veterans with PTSD who have tried to seek benefits -- veterans of today 's wars and earlier wars -- have often found themselves stymied . They 've been required to produce evidence proving that a specific event caused their PTSD . And that practice has kept the vast majority of those with PTSD who served in non-combat roles , but who still waged war , from getting the care they need , " Obama said . "  I do n't think our troops on the battlefield should have to take notes to keep for a claims application . And I 've met enough veterans to know that you do n't have to engage in a firefight to endure the trauma of war . So we 're changing the way things are done . " Under the new rules , no benefits will be passed along until a Veterans Affairs psychiatrist or psychologist confirms that a veteran actually suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder . Department officials say that should reduce the risk of fraudulent claims . One congressional analysis reportedly put the cost of the new changes at $ 5 billion . Obama said the new process "  will help veterans not just of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars , but generations of their brave predecessors who proudly served and sacrificed in all our wars . " "  It 's a step that proves America will always be here for our veterans , just as they 've been there for us . We wo n't let them down . We take care of our own , " he said . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report	New VA rule makes it easier for veterans to get PTSD benefits Veterans are no longer required to documents specific events causing PTSD VA acknowledging "  inherently stressful nature ... of military service " Over 400,000 veterans now receive PTSD benefits
CNN  -- Northern Michigan University officials say the situation "  is under control " after a telephone threat against students , faculty and others prompted a lockdown of the Marquette , Michigan , campus Wednesday morning . However officials continued to urge students to remain in their dormitories and visitors to stay away from the campus until further notice . The administration closed the university at 8:20 a.m. Wednesday after campus police learned of a telephone caller who had earlier threatened to attack NMU . Cindy Paavola , the university 's director of community relations , said campus police took the threat seriously , thus prompting the administration to close the university as a precautionary measure . "  The caller threatened that there would be harm to students , faculty , staff and administrators , " Paavola said . "  They did n't identify particular people , but it was a wide-ranging threat and we are taking it seriously . " "  We do n't know the seriousness of the threat because we have n't caught up with this person . Rather than be sorry , we 're going to be safe , " Paavola said . State and local law enforcement authorities are assisting university police in the investigation , she added . The Marquette Area Public Schools also sent students and staff home , interim superintendent Debra Veiht told CNN . She said police referred to a threat on a blog , which they deemed credible . "  We put in our emergency plan into place and it 's running smoothly , " Veiht said . The public school system has more than 3,000 students and 400 staff members , she said . The Marquette Senior High School is located about a half-block away from the university . University officials locked down all buildings so no one could enter or leave , and told students living on campus to stay in their dormitories . Paavola said several office buildings were evacuated Wednesday morning . CNN 's Chris Kokenes contributed to this report	NEW : Northern Michigan University police say situation is under control Officials continue to urge students and others not to wander on campus grounds NMU put the campus on lockdown early Wednesday because of threat against students , others Public schools in Marquette were also closed , the interim superintendent says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- City workers in Southern California discovered a backpack Monday filled with grenades and other explosive devices , a sheriff 's spokesman said . The municipal employees came across the backpack in a storm drain in Placentia around 9 a.m. , Orange County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Jim Amormino told CNN . Police and bomb squad personnel subsequently responded and located six grenades , blasting caps , fuse igniters and some white and black powder , according to Amormino . These were discovered in the backpack as well as buried in dirt nearby . It appears the explosive devices were put in the area intentionally , according to the sheriff 's department spokesman , who added that he believes they had been there for some time . FBI agents were on scene Monday afternoon helping sheriff 's department members in their investigation , as is routine when explosive or suspicious items are found , said Ari Dekofsky , a spokeswoman for the bureau 's Los Angeles office . There was no immediate threat to the public 's safety , added Dekofsky . By 2:45 p.m. , all the explosive devices had been safely detonated , said Amormino . Placentia is a city of about 50,000 people located just north of Anaheim and 30 miles southeast of Los Angeles .	City workers in Placentia found the backpack in a storm drain , a sheriff 's spokesman says 6 grenades , blasting caps and fuse igniters were in the backpack and nearby dirt The explosive devices likely had been there for some time , sheriff 's spokesman adds They have been safely detonated , he says
Paipote , Chile  CNN  -- In short order , freed miner Victor Antonio Segovia dispatches with some of the myths swirling around the 33 men rescued from the depths of the earth this week : He has no plans to write a book about what he endured in the San Jose mine , he is n't going to sue anyone for the collapse , and he intends to go back to working in the area 's mines . "  Just not that one , " Segovia says . All day Friday in the hardscrabble mining town of Paipote , Segovia 's family and neighbors ready the Segovia family home for his arrival from the nearby hospital . All 33 men underwent a barrage of medical testing to see how their record days of imprisonment underground had affected them mentally and physically . All but two miners were released from the hospital Friday , and all the men are expected to make a full recovery . The Segovia family was particularly hard hit by the collapse . Two of the other trapped miners , Esteban and Pablo Rojas , are Segovia 's cousins . "  Welcome home Victor Segovia , " one neighbor said as she carried a handwritten sign greeting the miner into his home . "  If God has given you a new life and chance , grab on to it with everything you have . " The family has received gifts . While Victor 's brother Pedro Segovia waits under the scorching sun of Chile 's Atacama desert , he nervously toys with a brand new Sony media player . An anonymous gift left for the now famous miner . Pedro Segovia said his brother is tough and untouched by how close he came to dying in the dark recesses of the earth . "  We missed him a lot , " Pedro Segovia said . But for him its just like another shift . As if he worked for eight hours and came home . If Segovia has troubling memories of his long , forced stay in the mine , so far he has n't shared them with his brother . "  He 'll tell me at some point , " Pedro Segovia said . "  What happened , what he lived through . " Inside the Segovia house are hints of how he passed the long weeks of eternal darkness . Two Chilean flags decorate a wall in a courtyard behind the Segovia 's home . In carefully etched blue ink Victor drew a miner with a drill over a 33 on the white section of the flag . Below , each miner wrote his name and put his signatures in ordered columns . "  For you with all my heart , " Segovia wrote his mother Blanca . The flags were a gift for her 50th wedding anniversary and were delivered by way of the "  paloma " tube system that sent food and letters to the men . "  He likes to play the guitar , accordion and organ , " Blanca Segovia said with pride about her son , who learned to play the instruments without any formal training . "  We are going to have a nice party for him . " But for the guest of honor just getting to the party will be almost as difficult as the previous legs of his journey . As the afternoon wears on , more and more media trickle into the neighborhood . Tripods and cameras are posted like sentries in front of the Segovia home . It has all the makings of an ugly media scene . So photographers agree and shake hands that all will stay in a fixed line so everyone can get an unobstructed shot of Segovia 's homecoming . But hours later as Segovia steps from a van , a still photographer lurches forward and the plan is scrapped . Pushing against the wave of cameramen , Chilean police nearly have to carry the miner into his family 's home . One of the photographers gets into a showing match with an officer after the melee . As the party gets under way , though , clapping and joyous chants of "  Chi Chi Chi , Le Le Le , los mineros de Chile , " can be heard from outside the house . Then journalists still hanging around the house receive an invitation to come in and speak with the miner . Segovia appeared understandably worn from his ordeal and the crush of media attention . As reporters ask him questions , he looks down . His voice is soft and his answers are clipped . "  That was quite something , " he said simply of the August 5 mine collapse . "  That was something very ugly . " He said he has been to Camp Hope , where family members waited for the miners ' rescue . "  I do n't need to go back , " he said . Segovia said he missed his family terribly while in the mine . And , he said , he has become someone who "  thinks more about God . " "  We were a team , " he said of the 33 men . "  But all the same there were problems . So much time together , like any family , the problems start but were ones we worked out . " Other miners have told CNN that the 33 men swore an oath never to discuss the details of what took place as the men struggled to survive in the mine . Before he goes back to the party , Segovia makes it clear he is not completely free of the mine . "  Down there you were always tired and did n't have any nightmares , " he said . "  Here you have nightmares until you realize you are out . "	Victor Segovia , two of his cousins were trapped in the San Jose mine Pedro Segovia says his brother is tough and untouched by how close he came to dying Segovia says he does n't feel the need to visit Camp Hope Segovia says he has become someone who "  thinks more about God "
CNN  -- For the second time in five months , Timbuktu 's treasured collection of ancient manuscripts is under threat . Earlier this year , it was thought that most of the 300,000 precious documents were destroyed by Islamic fundamentalists when the northern Mali conflict entered the fabled city . But as it turns out , only 4,000 documents were burned by the rebels . The rest were smuggled out of Timbuktu six months before the incursion by a team of local families who have long safeguarded their city 's famous library , often in their own homes . The evacuation of the Timbuktu manuscripts was led by local librarian Abdel Kader Haidra and U.S. based book preservation expert Stephanie Diakit , who recruited local citizens and couriers to help them move more than 1,000 trunks of manuscripts by donkey cart , bicycle and boats to a safe house in the south of Mali . Despite the dangers of the mission , both to the treasured texts and those involved in the evacuation , the vast majority of the manuscripts were saved , only to face a new threat . NEW : New fears for Timbuktu in Mali conflict The climate in the south of Mali is more humid than in Timbuktu and the fragile rag paper texts are now showing signs of mildew and rot . "  It would be the ultimate irony if all of these had survived the evacuation but had been destroyed because we do n't have the resources to archival box them and insert humidity traps for the period they are in exile , " said Diakit , who has now started a campaign to raise the estimated $ 7 million it will cost to rescue the manuscripts . The threat has been compounded , she said , by the pending rainy season in Mali which usually begins in the middle of June . Bamako , where the manuscripts are being held , has some of the country 's heaviest rain . Diakit is now calling on the global community to join the fight to save what she describes as an irreplaceable collection which includes works of poetry , fiction , commerce , medical theory and religious thought . "  Our ultimate goal is to return them to their home in Timbuktu , " said Diakit . But that wo n't happen , she said , unless the manuscripts can be protected now .	Most of 300,000 ancient documents smuggled away from Islamists in Timbuktu 1,000 trunks of manuscripts moved to a safe house in the south of Mali But climate there is more humid than in Timbuktu ; paper texts show rot Global community urged to help save irreplaceable collection
Budapest , Hungary  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people protested against Hungary 's new constitution in Budapest Monday night , demanding that Prime Minister Viktor Orban resign . Crowds outside the city 's opera house called the prime minister "  Viktator " -- a pun on "  dictator " -- as Orban and other dignitaries attended a gala inside . Lasting nearly five hours , the protest was organized by opposition parties and civil society groups who say the new constitution is anti-democratic . American Secretary of State Hillary Clinton expressed similar concerns last year , pushing Orban to commit to "  the independence of the judiciary , a free press , and governmental transparency . " Orban and other officials left the gala celebrating the new constitution through back doors to avoid the demonstration . The new constitution , which took effect on January 1 , omits "  republic " from Hungary 's official name , and includes several paragraphs which Amnesty International says violate international human rights . The human rights organization has been critical of sections that define life as beginning at conception and marriage as being between a man and a woman . It also expressed concerns about the possibility of life imprisonment without parole , and failure to forbid discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation . Monday 's demonstration was preceded by a series of protests in 2011 against laws introduced by Hungary 's populist government . Critics have said the new media law is restrictive and the new electoral law favors Orban 's ruling party FIDESZ . They have also taken aim at a law criminalizing homelessness . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso wrote to Orban in December requesting the withdrawal of two recent bills related to the country 's financial stability and the central bank . Orban rejected the requests .	Tens of thousands protest at the opera house , calling the prime minister a dictator He leaves by a back door to avoid the demonstration Critics are upset about the new constitution , which they call anti-democratic Amnesty International and Hillary Clinton have expressed concerns
Carlos Enrique Londoo laughs at the Ku Klux Klan recruitment flier recently left on the driveway of his suburban New York home . It 's unlikely the group would accept him . "  I 'm Colombian and dark-skinned , " said Londoo , a painter and construction worker who has lived in Hampton Bays on Long Island for 30 years . The flier was tucked into a plastic bag along with a membership application , the address for the KKK national office in North Carolina , a list of beliefs and three Jolly Rancher candies . The packages appear to be part of a wider recruitment effort by the Klan across the country , Ryan Lenz , senior writer for the Southern Poverty Law Center , told CNN on Saturday . Similar fliers have turned up in dozens of U.S. cities over the past six months , Lenz said . The SPLC was founded by civil rights lawyers , and is known for tracking and exposing the activities of such groups . The SPLC says the Ku Klux Klan is the most infamous and oldest of American hate groups . African-Americans have been the main target of the historically violent group , but the Klan also has targeted Jews , immigrants , gays , lesbians and Catholics . The center estimates that there are between 5,000 and 8,000 Klan members nationwide , divided among dozens of divergent and warring groups . "  Since the 1970s the Klan has been greatly weakened by internal conflicts , court cases , a seemingly endless series of splits and government infiltration , " the SPLC says on its website . The Klan 's Loyal White Knights , the same group touted on the applications sprinkled on front lawns in Hampton Bays , has started major recruitment efforts , according to Lenz . Renewed efforts after Ferguson shooting , unrest ? Lenz suspects the Klan may be seizing on a moment when the issues of race and immigration are dominant in the national debate . The group may be seeking to capitalize on growing racial tension to garner support , he said . Some Klan members even vowed to head to Ferguson , Missouri , to stand in the solidarity with a white police officer who shot an unarmed black teenager on August 9 , Lenz said . The shooting death drew international attention as the St. Louis suburb erupted with sometimes violent protests and a heavy-handed police response . Calls seeking comment from Klan headquarters in Pelham , North Carolina , were not returned Saturday . In New York , the Southampton Town Police said it had contacted the Suffolk County Police Department 's hate crimes unit about the fliers . Londoo said the Klan appeared eager to send a message in the predominantly white town . "  It seems they want the white community to know that Latinos are moving in , " he said . "  People are coming here for the work and that does not sit well with them and they feel intimidated . " Hampton Bays resident Karen Fritsch said the fliers included faded-ink "  crude  and  ridiculous " caricatures that appeared aimed at blacks , Latinos and Jewish people . "  It says , beware , we want your jobs , we want your home and we want your country , " Fritsch said of the message . Fritsch said she was shocked when her husband found the small package on her front lawn last week . "  It 's terrible that my neighbors had to receive something like that , " Frisch said of the Londoos . "  I really want no part of that . Why would anyone want to be part of a hate group ? " Fliers part of a ` national night ride ' The Klan has targeted other cities . In Orange , California , just south of Angel Stadium , residents last month received fliers in sealed plastic bags , according to CNN affiliate KTLA . The message on the fliers was "  Save our land , join the Klan " and included a phone number and website in Pelham , KTLA reported . The group said it was focused on illegal immigration from Mexico . The voicemail on the hotline associated with the flier closes with the message : "  Always remember : If it ai n't white , it ai n't right . White power . " In Seneca , South Carolina , some residents last month received bags with fliers and candy , CNN affiliate WHNS reported . The packages directed people to a "  Klan Hotline " number that ended with the same recorded "  white power " message , the station reported . Robert Jones , the "  Imperial Klaliff " of the Loyal White Knights sect , told WHNS that the effort was part of the Klan 's "  national night ride " -- a recruitment event that happens three times a year . Jones said recruitment efforts were not aimed at specific people and that residents "  should n't be fearful unless they 're doing something that the Klan considers morally wrong , " according to WHNS . In Katy , Texas , residents early last month received fliers inviting them to "  join the fight to protect U.S. borders , " according to CNN affiliate KPRC . Damian Neveaux , who is African-American , found a flier and called the number because he , too , was concerned about border security , KPRC reported . He reached a Klan representative who told him he would not be allowed to join . " ` The only way you can become a member is if you 're 100 percent Caucasian , " Neveaux recalled the Klan member telling him , according to KPRC . "  This flier was n't meant for you . ' " Store defends flag likened to Ku Klux Klan outfit Can this KKK leader rebrand ?	Ku Klux Klan recruitment fliers are turning up on driveways across the country Fliers , usually left with candies , appear to be part of a wider recruitment effort The Klan may be seizing on a time when race and immigration are dominant issues , some say
American defense officials Tuesday pushed back against the notion that China has used cyberespionage to obtain extensive design information on advanced American weapons . "  Suggestions that cyberintrusions have somehow led to the erosion of our capabilities or technological edge are incorrect , " said Pentagon press secretary George Little . "  We maintain full confidence in our weapons platforms . " The Pentagon was responding to a list of weapons systems whose secrets had been compromised by Chinese cyberespionage , which the Washington Post says was in a confidential report by the Defense Science Board . While the extent of the secrets stolen was not clear , the list of compromised weapons in the Post included some of the Defense Department 's crown jewels of high-tech fighting : jets like the F-35 and the FA-18 , anti-missile defenses like the Patriot and Aegis systems , the new Littoral Combat Ship and the Global Hawk unmanned surveillance plane . Contacted by CNN , several members of the Defense Science Board declined to comment . Former officer allegedly leaked U.S. military secrets to Chinese girlfriend But James Lewis , a cyberexpert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said that China could use such cyberespionage in several ways that could put American fighters at risk : to copy weapons technology , counter American weapons based on that knowledge or even disrupt their operation by interfering with the software that runs them . "  If you mess with that software , " he said , "  the airplane wo n't fly . The missile will miss its target and the ship might not get where it was intended to go . " Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan and chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , described cyberespionage as "  tremendously serious . " "  The viciousness , and just the volume of attacks , not only by the Chinese but Russians and others trying to get the blueprints of our most sensitive material is just breathtaking -- and they 're getting better , " he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . He laid out why such attacks might matter . "  We , in some cases , have to go back for any material that may have been stolen ... and redesign it . It costs more money , " he said . "  It costs billions and billions of dollars extra to try to make sure that we 're staying ahead of our adversaries with technology . When they steal it , they leap ahead . That means we have to invest more , and change that technology . It is a serious problem . " In a publicly released portion of the Defense Science Board 's report , the authors warn that cyberwarfare "  may impose severe consequences for U.S. forces engaged in combat , " including American weapons failing to operate , communications problems , or even planes or satellites potentially crashing . One American official , while acknowledging cyberintrusions from China , said the claims of design details being compromised were overstated . "  The idea that somehow whoever the intruders were got the keys to the weapons kingdom is a stretch , " the official said . "  Getting one piece without the rest of the parts makes it hard to build a weapons platform . " Defense officials also said they have taken steps to address the concerns , and that some of the information about potential breaches was dated . Kevin Mandia of Mandiant , a cybersecurity firm that has also been tracking Chinese military hackers , said that while many key Pentagon installations are well-fortified against hackers , cyberdefenses need to be deployed more widely . "  There 's a lot of engineering that gets done in an academic setting , " he said . "  There 's a lot of engineering that gets done at the defense industrial base . And a lot of these places have been compromised for over 10 years . " The allegation of cyberpenetration comes at a time when China has been stepping up its efforts to close the gap with the United States in terms of advanced military technology . In recent years , China has tested a missile that knocked out a satellite , conducted test flights of a stealth warplane , deployed its first aircraft carrier and developed an advanced "  carrier-killer " missile for warfare against ships . China 's embassy in Washington did not immediately respond to inquiries from CNN about the allegation of stealing secrets . But in the past , Chinese officials have said China does not conduct cyberespionage on U.S. agencies or companies .	"  We maintain full confidence in our weapons platforms , " says Pentagon spokesman He was responding to a report in the Washington Post The newspaper published a list of compromised weapons Rep. Rogers : "  When they steal it , they leap ahead "
CNN  -- In the high-tech world of South Korea , it 's difficult to find someone who is n't plugged in . Demand here is fulfilled by the country 's largest mobile phone carrier , SK Telecom . CEO of SK Telecom , Kim Shin Bae spoke to CNN 's Andrew Stevens in The Boardroom . It 's ubiquitous branding hints at the 51 percent market share the company holds . Earlier this year the company broke with South Korea 's rigid corporate tradition . They scrapped the hierarchy in favor of a flatter management structure in the hope of encouraging risk taking and creativity . These decisions were the making of CEO , Kim Shin Bae , who 's been at the helm since 2004 . He sat down with CNN 's Andrew Stevens to explain the hidden value of corporate culture . Kim : I think we need to be more creative and innovative in order to be a global communications leader . To create a new culture , we broke from the Asian tradition of seniority based hierarchical structure by introducing a single level manager system . This is for the open-minded communication and knowledge sharing between employees and a speedy organizational process . We introduced it more than a year ago and I think it 's selling quite well . Stevens : So how difficult was it to get your people on board with these changes ? Kim : Korea is basically a Confucian culture , so we respect the elders and the senior people . So with the senior people , the hard debate with the senior people is the difficulty . But by introducing the single level structure we could encourage more free communication . Stevens : Since the 1960s , the South Korean economy has developed enormously , so why was there a need to change it ? Kim : As you know , during the last several decades of South Korean economic growth , manufacturing was the real core industry . In manufacturing the hierarchy code -- the strong top down leadership -- is very effective and sometimes very efficient . Now the world is changing , especially for IT services and communication services . Creativity and innovation from the very free communication knowledge sharing is more and more important so I think we need that kind of change especially for SK Telecom . Stevens : Today is the company 's monthly "  Funergizer " -- a lunch-time entertainment for employees held in the lobby of SK Telecom 's headquarters . Kim : I think the happy employees can make others happy . Their work their productivity will improve . So every month during lunch time , we introduce the talent -- professionals of music , dance , or drum players for employees . It will also help the creative and flexible corporate culture , I think . All those have the synergy to change the culture . I think the corporate culture is much more important than the system or process . Our business environment changes very quickly . Once the system or process is set up , then it might have some other shackle for us to change . But the corporate culture drives the people , even though they are not the older this would do it this way and that way , so corporate culture I think is very important . Stevens : We 've been talking a lot about the softer issues , about softer employee relations , rather than the structure and processes of corporate South Korea . Do you think the softer issues are becoming more important right across industry here ? Kim : I think with the rise of China and India as a manufacturing base , we need to be more toward the service oriented company which requires more creativity , so I think it 's very natural . But I think that creativity and efficiency should take balance that 's why we also strongly implement the activities at SK Telecom together . So it 's this kind of ambidexterity , efficiency and creativity should take balance . E-mail to a friend	Kim Shin Bae , CEO of SK Telecom speaks in CNN 's The Boardroom SK Telecom is South Korea 's largest mobile phone carrier Kim led the company against national tradition , scrapping corporate hierarchy
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- French and Malian forces squaring off with Islamist militants seized a key city from them Friday , a high-ranking French source told CNN . The city is Konna , in the central region of Mali , a sprawling , landlocked Saharan nation . That region is the latest front in the grinding fight between the West and al Qaeda-linked militants . Read more : Opinion : Why Africa backs French in Mali The development is an important advance a week after France launched an air and ground military offensive against a strong militant presence across northern Mali and other locations in the sprawling country . Insurgents advancing south toward the capital , Bamako , took Konna on January 10 . They started retreating a week ago after the French and Malian forces pushed back , with attacks from the air and other firepower . Read more : France continues Mali airstrikes ; residents frantic The fighting in Mali has captured the world 's attention . It was one of the most successful democracies in Africa until last year , when a coup toppled the president and Islamists capitalized on the chaos by establishing themselves in the north . Read more : Six reasons events in Mali matter There , they imposed a strict interpretation of Sharia law , banning music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . They also damaged historic tombs and shrines . France , once the colonial power in Mali , unleashed an offensive against the militants last week , a mission that President Francois Hollande says is designed to "  destroy " the terrorist groups that have taken root . French envoy stresses urgency France is sending troops to Mali from military facilities in Africa and from France . Paris is seeking help from its regional allies and the international community . Such assistance has its perils . After Algeria permitted France to use its airspace to take on insurgents , militants angry about the move stormed a gas field in eastern Algeria and took hostages in what is now an ongoing hostage crisis . French Ambassador to Mali Christian Rouyer reiterated the need for the French offensive . "  We had a friendly country that was on the verge of dying , " he told CNN in an interview Friday . "  It was absolutely necessary to act with urgency . We did it , I believe , with full knowledge of the reasons . Faced with the seriousness of the situation , to my knowledge , there was no other solution . " French military power has been boosted , he said , "  because we know we have an adversary who 's determined , who 's not afraid , knows the terrain well and who 's well-equipped . " The offensive has made an impact , stopping the "  terrorist advance " and saving other towns : Mopti and Sevare , for example , Rouyer said . "  The advance of terrorist forces -- either in the western or eastern sectors -- has stopped , " he said , adding that this is helping to establish calm in Bamako . "  If Mopti and Sevare had fallen into terrorist hands , " he said , "  I believe that today , we would have chaos in Bamako and all Mali . " Prepare for a refugee crisis in Mali France seeks help Leaders from several countries have offered troops or logistical support for the offensive . The European Union has approved a training mission . The Canadians and British are deploying military transport aircraft . Nigeria is set to deploy soldiers as part of a U.N.-mandated African force to fight the insurgents . U.S. policy prohibits direct military aid to Mali because the fledgling government is a result of a coup . No support can go to the Malian military directly until leaders are chosen through an election , said Victoria Nuland , a State Department spokeswoman . "  We are not in a position to train the Malian military until we have democracy restored , " she said this week . "  But we 're not precluded from assisting allies and partners in trying to restore security to that country . " So far , the United States has only shared intelligence from satellites and intercepted signals with the French , defense officials said . The Pentagon is also considering sending refueling tankers so that French jets can fly longer , more sustained combat missions , according to the officials . U.S. trainers will be in African nations to train forces that are set to be deployed in Mali . "  We have deployed 100-ish , about 100 trainers to Africa . They 're traveling to Niger , Nigeria , Burkina Faso , Senegal , Togo and Ghana to discuss training and equipping and deployment needs of those countries in the interest of getting them ready to go into Mali , " she said . U.N. says warring threatens cultural heritage The United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization has issued calls for the protection of cultural heritage sites in Mali . The ancient city of Timbuktu is a UNESCO World Heritage site of huge cultural significance , but its carefully preserved heritage has come under severe threat amid the ongoing conflict . The fabled city , whose name is sometimes used in the West as a synonym for a faraway place , was at the center of trans-Sahara trade in earlier times . Last year , al Qaeda-linked rebels in northern Mali destroyed historic and religious landmarks there , claiming such relics are idolatrous . Now it is threatened by warfare . "  I ask all armed forces to make every effort to protect the cultural heritage of the country , which has already been severely damaged , " UNESCO Director-General Irina Bokova said in an appeal to all combatants . "  Mali 's cultural heritage is a jewel whose protection is important for the whole of humanity . This is our common heritage , nothing can justify damaging it . " Refugees flee The U.N. refugee agency said that in treks that began last year , when the crisis started , Malians are fleeing to other nations , including Burkina Faso , Mauritania , Niger , Guinea , Algeria and Togo , and many are internally displaced . Refugees in Burkina Faso said "  they fled the recent military intervention , the lack of any means of subsistence , and fear of the strict application of Sharia law , " the agency said . People talked about family members disappearing . "  They reported having witnessed executions and amputations , and mentioned that large amounts of money are being offered to civilians to fight against the Malian Army and its supporters . According to the accounts from refugees there are children among the rebel fighters , " the United Nations said . Ethnic Tuareg women and children are among the latest refugees . "  They said that more people , including their husbands and fathers , are on their way to Burkina Faso by foot , many using donkeys or local transport , and many bringing livestock with them . Despite ongoing insecurity in northern Mali in recent months , they say that people have delayed fleeing Mali to allow the men to take care of businesses and animals , " the United Nations said . Human rights abuses The United Nations has noted accounts of amputations , floggings and public executions , such as the July stoning of a couple that reportedly had an affair . The International Criminal Court has launched a war crimes investigation amid reports that residents have been mutilated and killed for disobeying the Islamists . "  The current human rights situation is linked to long-standing and unresolved issues , " and "  human rights violations have been committed both in the North and in the area under government control , " the Human Rights Council said , citing abuses since January 2012 . "  In northern Mali , serious human rights violations have been taking place since January 2012 , including summary executions and extrajudicial killings , " the council said . It also said : -- Fighters "  allegedly used students as human shields to force military forces to surrender and later on allegedly executed 94 of the 153 captured and disarmed soldiers . " -- Several Tuareg soldiers , including nine in Timbuktu , were also reportedly victims of reprisals by members of the Malian army in the North . -- Among civilian deaths were people who tried to resist the looting of humanitarian warehouses by armed groups . -- Ten amputation cases by extremists were reported in the north , including the case of a 30-year-old man whose right hand was cut off with a kitchen knife for allegedly stealing cattle following a summary trial set up by a militia . -- Women have been assaulted , harassed and abused after being accused of being improperly veiled or dressed , or for riding on a motorbike . In April , six armed men allegedly belonging to the Ansar Dine extremist group raped a woman "  for not wearing her veil in her own home . " -- Rapes of women and girls have been done "  at times in front of family members and often apparently carried out on an ethnic basis . " -- Girls as young as 12 or 13 are reported to have been forcibly married to members of militias . -- Child soldiers who were recruited were sometimes as young as 10 . CNN 's Joe Sterling reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek and Nima Elbagir reported from Bamako , Mali .	Insurgents are pushed out of Konna , which they captured last week France is seeking help from its regional allies and the international community The European Union , Canada , Britain and Nigeria are among those assisting UNESCO wants protection of Mali 's historic sites
CNN Student News  -- May 10 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  United Kingdom  Iceland  Georgia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Environment , economy , elections , education . All E words , and all part of this Monday edition of CNN Student News . From the CNN Center , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Oil Spill AZUZ : First up , officials are moving on to plan C to try to stop the oil that 's gushing into the Gulf of Mexico . They 've tried remote controlled subs . They 've tried a giant dome . We 're gon na have more on that in a second . What is plan c ? A lot of junk ! Basically , you stuff the leak with trash and try to clog the thing up . So , what about the containment chamber , the giant dome they were planning to drop over the leak ? The thing did n't work . Crystals formed on the dome and made it float . Officials have n't totally given up on the idea , but they 're considering other options , including junk . As this oil spill starts to wash ashore , meanwhile , it could have a huge impact on several industries . About 40 percent of the country 's seafood harvest comes from the Gulf Coast . Fishermen , dock workers , restaurant owners : All of them could be affected by this , as supplies go down and prices go up . The biggest challenge is how to get all of this oil under control and then to get the oil out of the water . Allan Chernoff shows us how the government gets ready for these kinds of situations . BEGIN VIDEO ALLAN CHERNOFF , CNN SENIOR CORRESPONDENT , NEW YORK : When trying to clean up a giant oil spill , how does the oil industry know exactly what to do , what techniques are going to work ? The research is done right here at OHMSETT , the Oil and Hazardous Materials Simulated Environmental Test Tank . This facility is run by the Interior Department 's Minerals Management Service , and it is the largest of its kind in the entire world . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Fire in the hole ! CHERNOFF : Oil sprays into the water , a slick forms and expands , but it 's all intentional . Here , the government creates controlled oil spills in a giant tank more than two football fields long . Operators create ocean wave conditions , then they use various techniques to clean it all up . There are three primary plans of attack for cleaning oil spills in the water : burn the oil , apply chemical dispersants to break it down , or manually remove it . All three are at work in the Gulf of Mexico . Today , cleanup experts are practicing manual techniques to remove oil . Taking oil off the surface of the water is kind of like peeling the filling off of an oreo cookie ; you 're skimming it . And that 's what all these various devices do . They skim the oil off the water . Depending upon the grade of oil , how heavy it is , you use a different type of skimmer . At OHMSETT , all different types of oil are sprayed into the tank from a moving bridge . Workers can test skimmers , various dispersants , even burning , all in a safe , enclosed environment that simulates the ocean 's salinity and even its wave patterns . We all know oil is lighter than water . That 's an advantage when it comes to cleaning up a spill , because the oil sits on top of the water . Using those booms , oil can actually be pushed into that skimmer , and then it 's sucked up using this giant vacuum . Cleanup workers from private industry , government and 24 countries around the world have come here to practice and research such techniques , including responders trying to clean the Gulf of Mexico right now . END VIDEO Unemployment Numbers AZUZ : We will continue to keep you updated on that story . Now , to unemployment . Last month , the U.S. unemployment rate went up , from 9.7 percent to 9.9 percent . Some experts are actually saying that 's a good sign . What ? The unemployment rate includes people who are actively looking for a job . Let 's say you 're out of work . In March , you 're so discouraged that you do n't think it 's worth it to even look for a job . In that situation , you 're not part of the unemployment rate . Then in April , you think there 's a better chance of finding a job , so you start looking . Now , you are included in the rate . So , according to some experts , the fact that unemployment rate went up , means that more people are feeling more optimistic about the economy . But the bottom line is , there are still more than 15 million Americans out of work . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Robbins ' contemporary issues class at Meadow Heights High School in Patton , Missouri ! Who lives at 10 Downing Street in London ? Is it : A  Sherlock Holmes , B  Queen of the UK , C  UK Prime Minister or D  U.N. Secretary-General ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! 10 Downing Street is the UK prime minister 's home and office . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! UK Election AZUZ : The question is , who is going to live at 10 Downing Street ? The UK is trying to figure that out after last week 's parliamentary elections . None of the parties got a majority of seats . So now , a scramble is on . In the UK , people vote for members of parliament . Whichever party wins a majority of the seats in parliament gets to form the new government , and that party 's leader usually becomes prime minister . Gordon Brown has held that job since 2007 . He heads up the Labour Party . But they only got 29 percent of the vote in last Thursday 's election . The Conservative Party , which is led by David Cameron , got 36 percent . Over the weekend , Brown and Cameron both met with Nick Clegg . He is in charge of the Liberal Democrat Party , which got 23 percent of the vote . Clegg could form a coalition -- basically , sort of team up -- with either the Labour Party or the Conservative Party and then together , form a majority . Volcano Ash AZUZ : Well , we 're staying in Europe . An ash cloud from a volcano is causing problems for airplanes . And if that story sounds familiar , it 's because it is ! This is the same volcano and the same problem . It 's in southern Iceland under a glacier ; it 's been erupting since last month . The problem is the ash that you are seeing right here . If this ash gets into a jet 's engine , it can cause the engine to fail . Back in April , concerns about the ash shut down air travel across most of Europe for nearly a week . This weekend , several hundred more flights were canceled , and some officials closed airports in Italy , Spain and Scotland . Word to the Wise RICK VINCENT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : A Word to the Wise ... zero tolerance  noun  a policy of strictly enforcing rules and laws , without making exceptions Zero Tolerance AZUZ : The state of Georgia , where we are , has a zero tolerance policy about weapons in school : any kind of weapon -- gun , knife , chain -- strictly forbidden on campus . A 14-year-old student named Eli Mahone was recently affected by this . He could n't find his backpack one morning . You 've probably experienced that yourself . So , Eli grabbed another backpack to use for the day , and he got to school before he found out that the backpack had a knife in it . It was a two-and-a-half inch blade that he uses when he goes fishing . ELI MOHONE , ARRESTED UNDER ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY : I get to school . I mean , it was just like a regular day . I went to reading and , I do n't know , one of my friends told me , "  Is that yours ? " And when I looked down , there was a knife on the ground and it was mine . AZUZ : Eli took the knife and turned it in himself to the principal 's office . But here 's where zero tolerance kicked in , and Eli got in serious trouble : the policy does not allow school administrators to consider the circumstances . So , following that policy , school officials and police treated this as a crime . And a teen who 'd never broken the law before was arrested and sent to a youth detention center . Eli was also expelled from the school , and he had to go to an alternative school with students who 'd committed serious crimes . AIMEE HENSLER , ELI MAHONE 'S MOTHER : It was basically like standing outside your body watching as it was going on . I mean , I never imagined seeing him handcuffed and put in the back of a police car . AZUZ : Eli 's mom got in touch with a state senator . He crafted a bill that would relax Georgia 's zero tolerance policy . The bill passed the state House and Senate ; it 's waiting for the governor 's signature . As far as zero tolerance policies go , a local judge says they are effective in fighting certain types of crimes , but critics argue they go too far in schools . Blog Promo AZUZ : What do you argue about zero tolerance policies ? It 's a new week ; we have a new post up on our blog at CNNStudentNews.com . What do you think of zero tolerance policies ? If they 're effective ? Are they worth it ? Or do you think they go too far . Tell us on our blog . The address : CNNStudentNews.com . The rule : first names only . Before We Go AZUZ : We 've stuffed a lot in today 's show , but hopefully you have room for just a bit more . A lot more . But it 's worth it . This might be the world 's biggest burger . 590 pounds ! A Canadian chef concocted this creation . Of course , he had to use a special grill , one that has a forklift inside to flip the patty . Sure , he 's trying to break someone else 's record , but it 's to raise money for a charity . Goodbye AZUZ : So if they were to ever meat , the old record holder might grill him for a while , but we doubt he 'll have any beef with the new guy . Whoo ! All right , we 're having fun with this story . You guys have an excellent day . We 're looking forward to seeing you tomorrow when CNN Student News returns on HLN , online or on iTunes . We 'll see you then !	Check out how the U.S. government trains to fight oil spills Find out why an election turned into a scramble in Britain Hear about a controversy involving a zero tolerance policy Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
London  CNN  -- Steven Spielberg 's political drama "  Lincoln " on Wednesday led the field with 10 Bafta nominations , along with Tom Hooper 's film version of the long-running stage musical "  Les Miserables " and Ang Lee 's "  Life of Pi , " which both have nine nods . The three are in the running for best film in the British movie awards , along with "  Argo , "  seven nominations  a thriller set during the Iran hostage crisis , and "  Zero Dark Thirty , "  five nods  directed by Katheryn Bigelow -- the only woman to win a best director Oscar -- about the hunt for Osama bin Laden . Daniel Day-Lewis is nominated for best actor for his role as the U.S. president who led his country during the civil war and worked to end slavery . Read how ` Lincoln ' distorts history Day-Lewis is up against "  Argo " star Ben Affleck , "  Les Miserables " co-star Hugh Jackman , Bradley Cooper for "  Silver Linings Playbook " and Joaquin Phoenix for "  The Master . " Oscar winner Helen Mirren is recognized in the best actress category for her role in "  Hitchcock , " playing the wife of the British suspense filmmaker . Mirren is joined by "  Amour " star Emmanuelle Riva , Jennifer Lawrence for "  Silver Linings Playbook , " "  Rust and Bone " star Marion Cotillard and Jessica Chastain for "  Zero Dark Thirty . " Quentin Tarantino is nominated for best director and original screenplay for his slavery action-drama "  Django Unchained . " Affleck is also recognized for directing "  Argo , " along with Bigelow , Lee and "  Amour " director Michael Haneke . Read why ` Django Unchained ' stirs race debate Javier Bardem was nominated as best supporting actor for his role as the villain in the latest and most commercially successful James Bond movie , "  Skyfall , " but that film was overlooked in the best film category . Bardem was among eight "  Skyfall " nominations that also included best supporting actress for Judi Dench , who plays spy boss M , and best British movie . The BAFTA awards ceremony will take place on February 10 at the Royal Opera House in London . The nominations are viewed as one of the indicators for success in the Oscars , which will be announced Thursday . Golden Globe winners will be announced on Sunday .	Steven Spielberg 's political drama "  Lincoln " leads Bafta nominations Tom Hooper 's "  Les Miserables " and Ang Lee 's "  Life of Pi " also in contention Daniel Day-Lewis is nominated for best actor for his role as U.S. president Helen Mirren is recognized in best actress category for role in "  Hitchcock "
CNN  -- Scientists have found a decline in oxygen levels in the Gulf of Mexico following the BP oil spill but have found no "  dead zones " as a result , a federal task force reported Tuesday . Levels of dissolved oxygen in deep water have dropped about 20 percent below their long-term average , according to data collected from up to 60 miles from the well at the center of the worst oil spill in U.S. history . But much of that dip appears to be the result of microbes using oxygen to dissolve oil underwater , and the decline is not enough to be fatal to marine life , said National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration official Steve Murawski , the head the Joint Analysis Group studying the spill 's impact . "  Even the lowest observations in all of these was substantially above the threshold , " Murawski said . The samples were collected from 419 points at varying distances from the ruptured well at the heart of the disaster and at depths as far down as 4,800 feet , the group reported . The task force is made up of NOAA , the Environmental Protection Agency and the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy . The undersea gusher erupted in April , releasing an estimated 4.9 million barrels  205 million gallons  of crude before being temporarily capped in July . The volume of oil -- and the amount of chemical dispersants used to break it up -- have created concerns about the long-term health of the Gulf . At the same time , the spill delivered a severe economic blow to the region , where fisheries and beach resorts are major employers . Early findings from a mid-August survey led by the University of South Florida indicated oil had settled to the bottom of the Gulf further east than previously suspected and at levels toxic to marine life . At about the same time , a team from Georgia Sea Grant and the University of Georgia released a report that estimates that 70 to 79 percent of the oil that leaked from the well "  has not been recovered and remains a threat to the ecosystem . " The latest study "  does not discuss the broad ecosystem consequences of hydrocarbons released into the environment , " NOAA said . But it concludes that the oil is continuing to break up and disperse underneath the surface , making the emergency of a major oxygen-poor dead zone unlikely . In early August , the federal government estimated that about three-quarters of the oil spilled had either evaporated or been dispersed , or had been skimmed or burned off the surface . The disaster began with an April 20 explosion aboard the oil rig Deepwater Horizon that left 11 men dead . The blast uncorked a BP-owned well off southeastern Louisiana that spewed for 87 days before being temporarily capped . Operations are under way to permanently seal the well . BP , rig owner Transocean and well cement contractor Halliburton have blamed each other for the disaster . BP plans to release the findings of its internal investigation of the accident on Wednesday , the company said .	Deep-water oxygen levels are down but not deadly , report concludes The study tracked dissolved oxygen levels from May to August Latest federal report does n't address the spill 's "  broad ecoystem consequences " BP 's report on the disaster is scheduled for release Wednesday
CNN  -- Officials in Hoover , Alabama , were sending buses early Wednesday morning to pick up stranded motorists . In the first run , two school buses were sent to transport as many as 100 people to local shelters , said Rusty Lowe of the Hoover fire department . The buses will make several runs . -LSB- Breaking news update 1:08 a.m. ET Wednesday -RSB- About 50 Atlanta school children were still stuck on buses early Wednesday morning . The students had gotten on buses to get home shortly after noon Tuesday , but treacherous road conditions coupled with gridlocked traffic has made it impossible . Kimberly Willis Green , spokeswoman for Atlanta Public Schools , said she did not have an estimate on the number of children stuck in Atlanta schools overnight . Atlanta-based Home Depot opened up 26 stores in Alabama and Georgia for stranded travelers . Spokesman Stephen Holmes said some of those who sought shelter spent time watching movies in store break rooms . "  At one store , they even opened up an indoor garden area to be a quiet area to open for reading , " he said . -LSB- Last update 10:37 p.m. ET Tuesday -RSB- Ice and snow bring chaotic commutes to much of South CNN  -- Cars stuck in ditches beside icy roads . Thousands of children stranded at schools that parents ca n't reach . Drivers camped out at gas stations with no way to get home . As a winter storm slammed into a broad swath of the South on Tuesday , authorities warned drivers to stay off the streets . "  This is a very dangerous situation , " Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said . "  People need to stay at home . They need to stay there until conditions improve . " Motorists in major metropolitan areas including Atlanta sat trapped in gridlock as schools and offices shut down , unleashing hordes of vehicles onto slushy roadways . Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed urged residents to stop driving for at least a day to give crews a chance to clean up . "  The next 24 hours , I really need folks to stay home , " he told CNN affiliate WSB . "  Go home , give us some time . " While Northerners may laugh at their Southern friends ' panic over a dusting of snow , the threat is real : With relatively few resources to battle snow and ice , public works crews may have a difficult time keeping up with any significant accumulation . Add to that the fact that millions of Southern drivers are n't used to driving on snow or ice , and things got messy -- fast . Snowflakes like you 've never seen them before Students stuck at schools In Alabama , where freezing rain made driving perilous , at least five people were killed in weather-related traffic accidents Tuesday , state Department of Public Safety spokesman Sgt. Steve Jarrett said . Bentley declared a state of emergency and said he had activated 350 National Guard troops to help respond to the storm . Emergency officials warned drivers to stay off the roads and urged people stuck in their cars to stay inside . "  The weather right now , the temperatures and the wind chill , if you step out of your car , are very dangerous , " said Art Faulkner , the state 's director of emergency management . In Birmingham , Melanie Wilson tried to drive after she got a message that her children 's school was closing Tuesday morning . "  Immediately , I almost had an accident , " she said . "  The school buses were at the bottom of our hill and you could tell the drivers were not sure they should try to make it up the hill . We 're not sure where the ball was dropped . We heard it was going to be a light dusting with little accumulation . " She ditched her car after it spun out on a steep hill , and trudged through the snow to pick up her children and make it home safely . "  The children enjoyed it , " she said . "  It was beautiful , a winter wonderland . It was lovely except for worrying about everybody else who ca n't get home to their families . " Governor : Teachers will take care of kids The severe weather has forced 4,500 students to spend the night in various school buildings in Hoover , Alabama . And there were 800 students stuck in schools in Birmingham , Alabama , officials said . "  Staff is staying with them , feeding them , " Birmingham City Schools Superintendent Craig Witherspoon said . "  High schools are showing movies . " Bentley urged parents who are unable to reach their children to remain calm . "  I know the anxiety there , " he said . "  I want to reassure all the parents that if you trust your teacher to take care of your child during the day , they will be taken care of tonight . " At the Alabama Waldorf School , about 20 students were spending the night at a nearby home late Tuesday after state officials urged parents not to drive in the snow . "  They 're doing really well , " Administrator Lisa Grupe said . "  They 're just having an extended play date . ... We all looked like ducks walking in the snow together . " On Twitter , a second-grade teacher said there were still about 150 students and 50 staff members stranded at Greystone Elementary School in Hoover , Alabama , because of "  horrible " road conditions there . Not that they were all complaining . "  Very exciting day , " teacher Carol McLaughlin tweeted late Tuesday afternoon . " ... The kids are being real troopers . :  I think they think it 's an adventure . " McLaughlin , even posted a picture of some kids out playing in the snow . Traffic gridlock traps motorists In the Atlanta suburbs , school buses were stuck in traffic for hours . Hundreds of students were stranded at schools waiting for their parents to pick them up . Commutes that normally take minutes became nightmarish treks that lasted for hours . CNN affiliate WSB captured dramatic footage of parents reuniting with children after being stuck on a school bus for hours . In downtown Atlanta , streets were clogged as cars became trapped in gridlock after at least an inch of snow had fallen . "  Government , schools , and business closing at the same time and releasing everybody out into the city was a mistake that we all were a part of , " Reed told WSB . For one stranded motorist -- it really was a situation of life and death . Police in the Atlanta suburb of Sandy Springs said an officer helped a woman give birth on the side of Interstate 285 . Traffic jams on snow-covered roads had stopped the woman from making it to the hospital and blocked paramedics from reaching her . That 's when a police officer stepped in , helping deliver the baby girl Tuesday evening , Capt. Steve Rose said . As snow , sleet and freezing rain pelted much of the state , authorities warned of dangerous driving conditions and said the roads would likely get worse . Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal declared a state of emergency as the storm hit . "  I 'm about to lose my mind , literally , " one woman trapped in traffic told WSB . "  It 's horrible . " Mhari Patterson tried to make the 10-mile commute to her home outside Atlanta , but gave up after six hours , when she arrived at a RaceTrac gas station parking lot . There were about 80 other cars waiting out the storm there , she said . "  All of the area roads are frozen , " she said . "  There is no way to get home . " Until things clear up , Patterson said she planned to spend the night at the gas station . Airlines cancel flights The storms also snarled air travel across the country . Airlines on Tuesday canceled more than 3,100 flights within , into or out of the United States , with hundreds each at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , Houston 's George Bush International Airport , Chicago O'Hare International Airport and Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport , according to FlightAware.com , which tracks cancellations due to both weather and mechanical problems . It was n't just the South shuddering . Midwesterners and others more accustomed to bitter weather are , too . All told , about 140 million people in 34 states were under some sort of winter weather warning or advisory , from snow and ice to bitterly cold wind chills , according to CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller . Sleet and freezing rain began falling early Tuesday in East Texas , which along with Louisiana , was the first area to be affected by the winter storm . "  This town is shutting down , " New Orleans cab driver August Delaney said . Mayor Mitch Landrieu declared a state of emergency and warned residents to stay off the roads . Robert Latham , the state 's emergency management director , warned residents to expect power outages as well . "  We 're looking at a part of the state that has a large number of pine trees , " Latham said . "  I can tell you that as ice accumulates on pine trees , limbs will break . Trees will fall . Power will be out . " A rough commute It usually takes Krystle Venuti Moore 10 minutes to drive home from her job at a mall in Kennesaw , Georgia . On Tuesday , it took her five hours , even though there was n't much snow . It 's quite a change from how storms were handled in her native New Hampshire , where she lived until she was 15 . "  My family thinks it 's hilarious , " she said . There was one perk in the lengthy commute : "  watching the community and people helping each other out . " She saw high school students on ATVs offering rides to stranded motorists . And someone pushed her car when it got stuck . But it was n't all positive . She saw drivers foul up traffic as they spun out after driving too fast , and even when she got close to home , she had to park a mile away and walk . The worst part ? Normally in five hours , "  I could have driven to Florida , " she said , "  someplace warm . "	4,500 students will spend the night in Hoover , Alabama , schools Atlanta 's mayor urges drivers to stay off streets for 24 hours More than 3,200 flights have been canceled , FlightAware says At least 5 were killed in weather-related traffic accidents in Alabama
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- Three African presidents met with their defiant counterpart in Ivory Coast Tuesday in an effort to defuse the country 's political crisis . No details of the meeting in Abidjan , the administrative center of the conflict-torn country , were immediately available . But incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo 's ministers had already signaled that the man who believed he had won Ivory Coast 's presidential election had no intention of stepping down . Presidents Yayi Boni of Benin , Ernest Bai Koroma of Sierra Leone and Pedro Pires of Cape Verde were next meeting with Gbagbo 's challenger , Alassane Ouattara , who also claimed victory at the polls and who has the international community 's support as Ivory Coast 's legitimate leader . The three heads of state represent the 15-member Economic Community of West African States  ECOWAS  , which held an emergency meeting last Friday in Nigeria and delivered an ultimatum to Gbagbo : Step down or face the threat of military force . Gbagbo 's Minister of Interior Emile Guirieoulou said Sunday the three leaders would be "  received as brothers , friends . " "  We will listen to them , listen to the message they are carrying , " he said . "  If they abide to our constitution , we 're going to talk ... our constitution is not negotiable . " However , Foreign Affairs Minister Alcide Djedje said Gbagbo would not step down . The ECOWAS delegation met earlier Tuesday with Young-Jin Choi , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's special envoy ; and a representative of the African Union . It 's unclear if ECOWAS intends to make good on its threat or what kind of force would be used . It has intervened before in Liberia and Sierra Leone . Ivory Coast 's Independent Electoral Commission , backed by the United Nations , declared opposition leader Ouattara the winner of a November runoff . But its Constitutional Council invalidated those results and declared incumbent Gbagbo the winner . The international community , including the United States , the United Nations and the African Union , has recognized Ouattara as the winner and urged Gbagbo to cede power . The incumbent government on Tuesday threatened to expel ambassadors of countries that recognize Ouattara 's ambassadors , according to Ahoua Don Melo , the government spokesman . Speaking on national television , he said the move would be a measure of reciprocity . The threat seems to take aim at France and Belgium . France has said it would review the credentials of an ambassador appointed by Ouattara , while Belgium has said it would recognize the Ouattara appointee . The political stalemate has thrown Ivory Coast into crisis and scores of people have died in related violence . A convoy of Bangladeshi peacekeepers came under attack Tuesday in Abidjan , the United Nations said . The U.N. peacekeeping mission said one soldier was slashed in the arm by a machete and a U.N. vehicle was burned . The African Union has suspended Ivory Coast from the organization "  until such a time the democratically elected president effectively assumes state power . " And the World Bank has halted lending and disbursing funds to Ivory Coast and has closed its office in the country . The U.S. Department of Defense currently has a group in Abidjan looking into the possible evacuation of U.S. citizens . State Department spokesman Mark Toner confirmed it was a "  small DoD assessment team on the ground at the embassy in Abidjan to help with contingency planning . " More than 15,000 refugees have fled for neighboring Liberia , according to the U.N. High Commissioner on Refugees , a large number of them women and children . CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : Incumbent government threatens to expel some ambassadors The leaders of Sierra Leone , Cape Verde and Benin are meeting with the candidates Incumbent Laurent Gbagbo and challenger Alassane Ouattara both claim victory West African leaders warn Gbagbo to step down or face military force
CNN  -- The urban dictionary defines "  cheech " as a verb used among physicians in training that refers to the act of ordering every conceivable radiological and laboratory test for a patient , often to diagnose a condition that once diagnosed is untreatable . Thirty years ago , the macabre joke during my three-month stint as an intern in the medical ICU was first cheech , then death . I remember sitting at the bedside of a frail , older woman with dementia dying of septic shock . A litany of subspecialists had rounded earlier in the day , but no one said what was so obvious . She was dying . Instead , I sat at her bedside at 4:30 a.m. watching the sun rise over Narragansett Bay , increasing vasopressors to try to maintain her blood pressure . Instead of being surrounded by her family and loved ones , the only person at her bedside was an exhausted intern who had never met the woman in bed No. 2 until the night before . This was simply wrong . Why were we rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic instead of ensuring that her death was peaceful and that she was surrounded by her family ? Intensive Care Units save some patients and play an important role in our health care system . But the overarching concern is , "  Are we talking to frail , older patients and their families at the right time about when to stop  or avoid  ICU care and recurrent hospitalizations ? " Decisions about hospitalizations and ICU admission must weigh the quality vs. the quantity of life . Opinion : End-of-life planning eases suffering These decisions must reflect a patient 's informed wishes and goals for care , be based on what the patient and/or family understand about the medical condition -- their hopes and goals -- and educate them about the prognosis and treatment options to arrive at a care plan that honors realistic patient goals of care . Our research published in the February 8 edition of JAMA finds that hospice is now part of mainstream medical care , with nearly half of older Medicare beneficiaries receiving hospice services . However , that 's only half the story . More than a quarter  28.4 %  of these people had the benefit of hospice for three days or less , and nearly half  40.3 %  were in an ICU immediately before . Indeed , contrasting end of life care in 2000 vs. 2009 , in spite of a doubling of hospice use , we found more ICU care , more repeat hospitalizations and more patient transfers from hospital to another health care setting in the last three days of life . Does this pattern of care reflect the informed wishes of dying patients and their families ? Our research does not provide the answer to this important question . But it is something we really need to know . On the face of it , our research findings should not be surprising . You get what you pay for . All the financial incentives in fee-for-service Medicare are aligned to induce more hospitalizations , more ICU care and late hospice referrals . As we try to reform our health care system to provide care that is patient centered and care that improves the health of our population , we need to do a better job of paying for quality rather than simply paying for another day in the ICU , particularly if it does not change the inevitable . Yet during the debate over health-care reform , a proposal to pay health-care providers for advance care planning was eliminated from the legislation based on the mistaken argument that promoting shared decision making with the goals of honoring patient wishes was equivalent to creating a "  death panel . " The key is that decisions be based upon discussions that weigh the quantity vs. the quality of life reflect informed patient preferences . The evidence to date suggests we are falling short of that goal . We 've previously shown that 11.6 % of family members felt pressured by a physician to put a feeding tube in a dying patient with advanced dementia , and about 10 % reported that no one discussed that decision with them . A recent study of two ICUs that differed on the aggressiveness of care provided found contrasting decision-making styles : a futility based decision-making process where one talks to the patient only when death is certain in the aggressive ICU vs. a shared decision making model where physicians work with patients and families early in the ICU stay to arrive at a decision that is consistent with the patient 's prognosis and goals of care in the ICU . We must have publicly reported data on the degree in which our health care system delivers on the promise of patient centered care -- that health care providers are informing patients and their families of the expected prognosis and treatment options , helping them in making these difficult decisions , and that patients are provided the right care at the right time , in the right place , and consistent with their informed wishes . We must hold our health care system accountable to the goal that medical decisions should reflect patient informed goals and values . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joan M. Teno	Joan Teno asks : Why do doctors continue to test and treat patients who are clearly dying ? She says instead they should be helping very sick patients weigh quality of life against quantity Teno : Hospice care doubles , but patients still in ICU until last 3 days of life . Do they want this ? Teno : Intervention lucrative for medical industry ; this wars with patient-centered end-of-life care
CNN  -- South Korean President Lee Myung-bak held a special meeting Thursday morning to discuss an urgent plan to evacuate South Korean construction workers in Libya . There are 1,398 South Koreans in the country working on almost 300 building sites . The presidential office tells CNN it 's sending an Egypt Air plane to Tripoli on Thursday . The first flight will evacuate 260 workers and their families . Officials are looking into chartering more planes to speed up the process . Plans were also discussed to move personnel out of the country by land and sea routes . Lee told ministers to "  use all possible measures for Koreans and Korean construction workers ' security . " An emergency response team is already on the ground helping workers of 24 construction firms operating in Libya . A spate of attacks and violent break-ins have been reported at some construction sites in Libya amid growing anti-government protests and violence . An attack Monday left 17 workers injured . Two workers from Bangladesh suffered serious wounds after being stabbed , according to the South Korean Foreign Ministry . The Middle East is a substantial and important market for South Korean construction companies . Firms have been working in the region for around three decades . Projects in the Middle East are worth $ 257 billion , according to the International Contractors Association of Korea . The association says ongoing projects in Libya are worth $ 36.4 billion . Companies are asking the South Korean government not only to ensure the safety of their workers but also to give support if the violence is prolonged and work is stalled indefinitely . Exports from South Korea to Libya are also expected to be hit hard . Almost 600 companies rely on business in Libya , exporting goods such as ships , cars and heavy industries , a lucrative market worth $ 1.4 billion last year . A poll taken by the Korea Trade Investment Promotion Agency estimates exports will take an $ 18.7 million hit this year . The South Korean government has advised its citizens to cancel all nonurgent travel to Libya . Lee also asked his government to "  closely monitor the oil price and the impact to the economy . " Lee stressed the importance of domestic energy conservation .	There are 1,398 South Koreans in Libya working on almost 300 building sites South Korean President Lee Myung-bak holds special evacuation planning meeting South Korea chartering Egypt Air plan , looking to charter even more aircraft Ongoing construction projects in Libya estimated to be worth $ 36.4 billion
CNN  -- A growing number of women in business are flocking to Twitter for real-time advice , support and networking . Twitter chats are allowing women in the world of work -- from young business owners to females in the C-suite to mompreneurs and more -- to gather together online and talk like never before . Here is Leading Women 's guide to Twitter chats -- the benefits , the pitfalls , some contacts and how to get involved . What is a Twitter chat ? When it comes to Twitter chats there are as many topics as groups , from customer service to tech enthusiasts to business start-ups , and although women are using them a lot , it 's not gender specific . A chat happens when a group of Twitter users gathers together at a scheduled time , and send tweets to each other using an agreed hashtag that allows anyone who 's interested to follow the conversation . They tend to happen regularly , for example monthly , and a community will of like-minded people often grows up around them . An organizer will tweet the date , time and topic of the chat to the community using the hashtag . The organizer will often use a social media dashboard like Tweetdeck or Hootsuite to schedule questions that will be tweeted out at intervals during the chat to give the conversation structure . Tinu Abayomi-Paul , editor of of the #WgBiz  Women Grow Business  chat describes a successful chat as "  a lively community around the chat 's topic , consistent promotion , well-timed , scheduled chats , and discussion around a topic that the community cares about . " Why are they popular ? Twitter chats have become a practical communicative tool for a number of reasons , according to Abayomi-Paul . "  First , there 's the chance to receive expert or peer knowledge in a format that 's more dynamic than a webinar , " she said . "  Second , there 's an avenue for continuing to maintain contact with those participating via Twitter , without anyone exposing their private information before they 're ready . "  Third , being able to participate live , in real time , in such a  simple  format eliminates some of the barriers that keep us from attending teleconferences , webinars , video meeting or in-person events . " Twitter chats are also a flexible way to communicate , according to Young Female Entrepeneur chat organizer Jennifer Donogh . "  You can join in whenever you can , wherever you are , which is very important for young women especially those with varied responsibilities , " she said . Some chats also provide the opportunity to meet and talk directly with industry experts . Avid chat participant Ify Ofulue uses chats to brainstorm with guest speakers and says it is an immeasurable source of knowledge . "  The caliber of guests is a huge draw , " she said . "  I knew straight away I would n't have had the opportunity to connect with them as easily as through Twitter chat . So , I threw caution to the wind and dove in . It quickly became a monthly routine . " Connecting with like-minded individuals within your industry has always been important in business . Viveka von Rosen is the founder of Linked Into Business . She highlights how tweet chats have created a new avenue for networking professionals . "  The business and relationship development opportunities for participants are incredible , " she said . "  The fact that people get to hang out with influencers that the moderators bring on and for these major influencers to be able share their words with people so directly , I think that kind of access is unparalleled . " What are the disadvantages ? While chats are growing in popularity , von Rosen is quick to point out Twitter could be doing more to help . "  It can be difficult to find tweet chats , it 's like a secret club or something , " she said . "  There is an excel list that gets passed around  but  I think Twitter is missing out on an incredible opportunity when it comes to tweet chats . " Another disadvantage , according to chat enthusiast and marketing professional Shannon Renee , is when people hijack an event to promote their own products and services and thus devaluing the conversation . How to get involved Both moderators and participants describe Twitter chats as friendly and welcoming experiences . If you 'd like to get involved , here are a few hints to help you on your way : 1 . Search your favorite blog or website and see what Twitter activity they have or if they use a certain hashtag to generate conversation between members . 2 . Ask your followers and friends if they participate in any chats that may be of interest to you . 3 . Once started Twitter chats gain momentum and it can be difficult to keep up with the conversation . Using a tool like Tweetdeck or Tweetchat to follow the hashtag can help . 4 . There is nothing wrong with sitting on the sidelines and watching the discussion as it happens . 5 . If you want to speak up , moderators suggest sending an introductory tweet to the group mentioning that it 's your first chat .	Twitter chats have gained momentous popularity over the last few years Participants join via a bespoke hashtag at a predesignated time on a particular topic Chat 's allow networking , support and access to experts otherwise impossible CNN will co-host a chat on Sept 28 8p/11e on the subject of women at work
CNN  -- You might remember the ad campaign "  Bo knows baseball . Bo knows football . " But these days sports legend Bo Jackson knows charity . Jackson has dedicated his post-pro-sports days to raising money to help restore the areas of his native Alabama devastated by a tornado in April 2011 . He is also raising awareness on how to protect yourself and others from deadly storms . Jackson recalls that day : "  I was in Illinois , where I live , and I ca n't remember what I was doing but I got phone calls from relatives and friends saying there 's a bad storm -- a big tornado . " Big indeed . A mile-wide tornado demolished much of Tuscaloosa , Alabama , and the surrounding areas on April 27 , 2011 . This killer tornado was a part of a bigger storm system that left more than 300 people dead in the Southeast . Jackson remembers a conversation he had with his sister in the aftermath . "  She said the storm was bad but everybody in our little town was OK . But other towns like Tuscaloosa , Cordova , Coleman , Jasper -- they got hit pretty hard , " Jackson says . Rocked by the news , Jackson , a native of Bessemer , Alabama , who starred in football and baseball at Auburn University , knew he could n't just sit idly by as the community that supported him in his climb to success was now in ruins . "  I sat up and thought about what I can do to give back to my community , my state . And I came up with this harebrained idea to ride a bicycle across the state , " Jackson says . His idea became reality with the creation of Bo Bikes Bama . Jackson and his friends rode across the state to raise money not only to help rebuild but also to build community storm shelters . "  Bo Bikes Bama is an event where I want to make the rest of the country aware of just how severe a tornado can be . It 's a way of coming back home and doing something for the people that had faith in me when I was younger . Bo Bikes Bama is all about caring about your brothers and sisters , " Jackson says . The first Bo Bikes Bama took place in 2012 and Jackson has vowed to make it an annual event because he feels the need will always be there . The storms will keep coming and the mission for him is not just to rebuild after loss , but to better prepare for the next storm . "  I decided to make it an annual event , as long as I can ride to raise money for tornado victims . " He also is aware that in addition to the money raised , the event is a morale booster for the survivors in these small towns . "  People will be struggling to rebuild for a long time . And just to see these people come out and stand beside the street and wave and smile after everything that they 've been through -- lost family members , lost their homes , their jobs -- and they still come out  and  thank you for what you 're doing . ... It 's a period where everybody has decided to come together and work as one for one great cause , " Jackson says . In addition to the bike ride , Jackson and his group go into small Alabama towns seeking to persuade landowners to donate land where community storm shelters can be built . "  When you do n't have a place to get out of the way of a tornado , a lot of people get injured , lose their lives . Hiding in a closet or getting in a bathtub does n't work when the whole house is getting picked up off the foundation and getting thrown down the street , " Jackson says . And while the bike ride is Jackson 's major annual fundraiser , he stresses that the need continues year round and his group collects donations year round to continue their efforts . "  I would rather do something to prevent the loss of life now than wait until something else bad happens , " Jackson says . He also sees that severe weather like this affects many more Americans beyond Alabama and he recognizes the need to expand his reach . "  I have already been contacted by friends of mine to come and do the same thing in Mississippi . I 've been contacted by friends of mine in Missouri  Jackson played baseball for the Kansas City Royals  that would love for me to come back there and do something there , and I want to . I will . But I got ta take care of home first . "	Bo Jackson was very disturbed about tornadoes that hit Alabama , his home state The famed athlete started an annual bike ride across the state to raise money for victims Bo Bikes Bama funds will also go toward community shelters
CNN  -- Tetiana Chornovol , a prominent Ukrainian civic activist and journalist beaten on Christmas , said she has a long list of enemies , and that she was sure she would die during the attack . She spoke from a hospital bed Thursday , one day after a group of men dragged her from her car outside of Kiev in the latest attack on government opponents . "  Many people are trying to get me . It was not a provocation against somebody else , I am sure about it , " Chornovol told Ukraine 's Channel 5 . "  I mean , I am a revolution activist , a very active one , and I am very well known as a journalist . I 've undertaken many journalistic investigations , which are still irritating all of them . " She thinks her attackers were paid to kill her . "  And I was very scared when they were beating me ; I thought they were going to kill me , " she said . A spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department said Washington is watching the case closely . "  We call on the government of Ukraine to uphold its  Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe  commitments and ensure respect for human rights , including fundamental freedoms of expression ... , " Jen Psaki said . "  We urge the government of Ukraine to send an unequivocal message that violence against critics of the government and those who are working towards a modern , democratic , and prosperous Ukraine will not be tolerated . " In Kiev , protesters rallied outside the Interior Ministry . Some held up pictures of Chornovol , while others had photos of Ukrainian Interior Minister Vitaliy Zakharchenko with words "  Down with the bloody minister . " Two of three suspects arrested The Interior Ministry said it had identified three suspects in the beating . The ministry said it had arrested two of the suspects . A dashboard camera in Chornovol 's car captured part of the attack on the 34-year-old journalist known for her muckraking investigations into corruption among senior state officials , according to the opposition Batkivshchyna party website . A still image from the dashboard camera footage showed the black SUV that struck Chornovol 's car moments before the assault . The freelance journalist suffered a broken nose , concussion and numerous bruises , the online newspaper Ukrainska Pravda reported . Face battered Pictures and a video of the journalist posted online showed Chornovol with the right side of her face and her lips swollen and bloody , according to Russian state-run RIA Novosti news agency . Sources on various social media pages said she was hospitalized with a concussion . Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych urged police Wednesday to investigate the attack as quickly as possible , the news agency reported . The attack was the second on a Ukrainian opposition activist in as many days , according to RIA Novosti . Dmitry Pilipets , a civic activist and organizer of protests in the eastern city of Kharkiv , was stabbed four times on the street by two unknown male attackers late Tuesday night . He was hospitalized Wednesday in stable condition , according to the news agency . The latest assault could increase tensions between the state and demonstrators who have braved sub-zero temperatures and set up tents and barricades in the city center to voice their opposition to closer ties with Russia .	Activist and freelance journalist tells Ukranian TV she thought she would die Washington calls on Ukraine to send message violence wo n't be tolerated Protesters rally outside the Interior Ministry in Kiev Two suspects are under arrest , authorities say
CNN  -- Arctic reindeer herders in northern Scandinavia are getting a view from space to help them look after their herds as the region copes with climate change . Snow worries : Satellite maps of snow coverage and melt can help reindeer herders . Using satellite-based snow melt maps supplied by the European Space Agency  ESA  backed program Polar View , herders are able to view the depth of snow and judge where the best foraging spots are to take their reindeer . "  Snow is of paramount importance for reindeer herding , because its quality determines whether reindeer are able to access the pastures that lie beneath it for much of the year , " Anders Oskal , the Director of the International Center for Reindeer Husbandry  ICR  told the ESA . "  Detailed circumpolar snow information is , thus , becoming increasingly important following the recent changes in the Arctic climate . " Oskal is working with Smi reindeer herders in Finnmark , Norway , to help them maintain and develop sustainable reindeer husbandry . According to Oskal , Finnmark is the area of Norway that is predicted to experience the largest temperature increases , raising concerns about whether ice layers will form over pastures preventing reindeer from foraging . Under the Polar View initiative , Kongsberg Satellite Services  KSAT  have been providing snow melt maps for Norway and Sweden , as well as snow cover maps for Eurasia , for the last 18 months . The ICR partnered with Polar View in a trial of the maps to examine how satellite observations could help by gathering information on snow change in a timely manner for such vast circumpolar regions . "  The experience so far has definitely been positive , and the reindeer herders are extremely interested in the future utilization of Polar View products that can relate important information about local snow conditions , " said Oskal . "  These products could have important consequences for herders ' decisions regarding winter pasture quality and potential migration routes . " In addition to climate change , reindeer herders also have to face a loss of pastures because of infrastructure development , such as roads , hydroelectric power dams and cabin resorts . The same technology would help the ICR to monitor the different forms of land-use change over time .	Smi herders using satellite-based maps of snow to judge best areas Climate change has made it harder to find foraging spots for reindeer herds Technology could also be used to monitor land-use change over time
CNN  -- Record-breaking batsman Ricky Ponting announced his resignation as captain of the Australia cricket team on Tuesday . The 36-year-old revealed in a news conference that his decision was motivated by a desire to improve his form without the demands of the captaincy and maintained that he will remain part of the team . Ponting , who is the most successful captain in Australia 's history , made the announcement after returning home following his team 's quarterfinal defeat in the Cricket World Cup by India . "  I 've decided to step down as captain of the Test team and the one-day team as of now , " he told media at the Sydney Cricket Ground . "  I think it 'll keep me a bit mentally fresher than I have been in the last couple of years and I think that if I 'm mentally fresh and have got my skills in reasonable order , then I 'll be able to certainly bat better than I have in the past six months . " Ponting endorsed Michael Clarke to take over his captaincy -- a reign which saw the Tasmanian lead Australia to 48 victories in 77 Tests during an illustrious career spanning nine years as a one-day skipper and seven years as Test captain . He also helped Australia claim three one-day World Cup tournaments and under his leadership , Australia posted first place in the ICC One Day International rankings . Despite such impressive credentials , Ponting 's Ashes record has been less successful , with three series defeats by England under his captaincy -- the last of which was the first Ashes series Australia had lost at home in 24 years . In the face of recent speculation , Ponting maintained that the decision to relinquish the captaincy was entirely his own and made with the advice of those close to him . "  I have thought long and hard about what Australian cricket needs , " Ponting added . "  We have to be doing everything we can to win back the Ashes in 2013-14 and the World Cup in 2015 . "  It is highly unlikely that I will be still playing , so it is the right decision for Australian cricket that the next captain now be appointed . This will give him the opportunity to create his own direction and legacy . " Cricket Australia confirmed that a new captain will be named on Wednesday ahead of the next two major tournaments -- the ICC Champions Trophy and the Ashes Series in 2013-14 . Ponting became Australia 's one-day captain in 2002 and took over the Test captaincy from Steve Waugh in 2004 . He became the most prolific run-scorer of all time , hitting 39 Test centuries and amassing 12,363 runs . The right-handed batsman and close catching fielder was named ICC Player of the Year in 2006 and 2007 -- the only player to win the award twice -- and also scooped the Captain of the Year and Test Player of the Year in 2006 and 2007 respectively .	Ricky Ponting announces his resignation at a news conference in Sydney Two-time ICC Player of the Year cites a desire for improvement as his reason for quitting Michael Clarke is tipped to succeed Ponting when the new captain is named on Wednesday Ponting departs as the most successful Australian captain ever , with 12,363 runs
CNN  -- Varsha Vinod 's exceptional abilities are hard to spot at first . She 's an adorably cute 5-year-old girl from southern India , small , pretty with big brown eyes . To gain her black belt , Varsha had to learn up to 15 karate moves . When we meet for our interview , her hair is tied up in two pigtails , with bright hair clips and a glittering headband . She is as shy as most kids her age would be when confronted by a strange man and a television crew . Some child stars can be precocious but Varsha does n't act like one . In fact , it would have been impossible to imagine her as a karate black belt if it was n't for her white martial arts outfit and her actual black belt . Like many young girls she would love to be a dancer and she smiles when I tell her that we are doing the interview in a dance studio . It 's got varnished wooden floors and ceiling-high mirrors . The venue was chosen because it looks a bit like a dojo , or martial arts school . I 'm not sure Varsha understands what a dance studio is and it 's hard to discover her thoughts on many things . She only speaks a few words of English and , even when we use an interpreter , she has to be prompted by her father before whispering short , quiet responses to my questions . At first I was concerned her dad was feeding her the answers rather than helping her say what she really thinks . However , it soon becomes clear that this is a healthy father-daughter relationship instead of a case of "  pushy parents . " Vishwas Vinod can be stern with his daughter but she clearly worships him , hanging on his every word and happy to follow his instructions . When the pair practice karate together their movements are surprisingly well synchronized despite the huge difference in size . Varsha 's father is her inspiration . He was India 's karate champion for four successive years from 1999 to 2002 . His daughter started watching him teach the sport and , at the age of 2 , she asked to try . Vinod insists it was Varsha 's idea not his . Initially , he only gave her some small training and stretching exercises but Dad soon realized that his daughter possessed what he describes as a God-given talent . Vinod says what Varsha has done in 3 1/2 years takes most people eight years to learn . To gain her black belt , Varsha had to learn up to 15 katas . A kata is a sequence of complicated karate moves . Varsha can punch , kick and wield different weapons : the Chinese stick , which is almost as big as she is , and a nunchaku , two short sticks connected by a metal chain . There is no doubt that Varsha 's abilities are impressive . You only have to enter the phrase "  nunchaku accidents " into YouTube to see how easily things can go wrong . However , she is no freak of nature . Her karate is a feat of memory and technique more than agility and power . To be frank , she could n't beat me up -- although I was obviously far too proud to find out by taking her on in a sparring session . Varsha trains for at least two hours every day but says she still has time for other games . As well as her dancing , she likes to play football and badminton . She tells me that her friends have all started taking up karate after seeing how good she has become . Unlike her friends , Varsha 's gift has given her the chance to see London . She was invited to England by a PR company to promote a new video game . Her trip appears to have been handled carefully , with as much time set aside for sightseeing as media work . The day after we filmed with Varsha she was due to go on the London Eye and was very excited about it . Varsha says she would like to continue her karate in the years ahead . She is a black belt first dan , or grade , and there are 10 grades in total . She is already a mini master but if she makes it to second dan she can start teaching -- just like her father .	She 's an adorably cute 5-year-old girl from southern India , small and pretty She is as shy as most kids her own age especially when being interviewed To gain her black belt , Varsha had to learn up to 15 katas Varsha trains for at least two hours every day but has time for other games
CNN  -- In parts of rural China , private health can be a very public affair . Crammed into shop front clinics on the main streets of many provincial towns , patients can be seen paying for routine treatment -- regular injections , intravenous drips or a consultation -- just by walking in off the street . The conditions are rudimentary -- often no more than rows of vinyl benches replete with drip stands . However , catching the spillover from China 's overstrained public health system has become big business for pharmaceutical companies and healthcare corporations . While China is supposed to have comprehensive state-funded health cover , the stark reality is that many Chinese need medical insurance to make up the shortfall in the system . For many Chinese people , private savings for medical insurance is one of the reasons the country has one of the highest rates of personal savings in the world . For most , however , medical insurance is a contentious outlay . "  I do n't think it really works for most ordinary Chinese people , " 24-year-old Guangzhou-based student Xi Chen said . "  Last November , our father 's hospital bill came to 6000RMB  $ 976  but we had to top it up the insurance 2300RMB of our own . "  The doctor told us we should have been thankful for our medical insurance or we would have had to pay more ... The truth is that government officers and hospitals benefit rather than ordinary people . " There 's an app for that It 's in this space that medical assistance app Chunyu Yisheng hopes to carve out a niche . The app -- which this month raised $ 50 million in funding , the biggest single funding round into a Chinese healthcare startup to date -- connects users with physicians remotely to discuss and diagnose their ailments . The site already commands 30 million users who can connect with 40,000 doctors . It has set an ambitious target of gaining 100 million users by the end of 2015 . "  We started in 2011 , wanting to do something in the joint field of mobile internet and medicine , " Chunyu chief technology officer Zeng Boyi said . "  We wanted to something of practical use that could actually help people . "  In China , it 's very difficult for people to get an appointment with a doctor , so the idea of a medical app was quite a natural one , " he said . Zeng said the startup is aimed at resolving minor ailments that often clog up hospital waiting rooms and aims to help people who may be at risk of misdiagnosing by reading up about their complaint on the internet . "  Some problems , mainly mild problems , are better solved online than others , " Zeng says . "  People get safe , personalized , and professional advice from doctors on Chunyu -- we do not see Chunyu as a replacement for hospital . "  Besides a professional diagnosis , people often want to communicate -- they need to decrease their anxiety , know a bit more about their bodies and decide on the next move even before going to hospital . "  These sorts of problems are not easily solved in the hospital , but they are important to users . By reducing the cost of seeing a doctor , we activate a huge suppressed market . " He says the service acts as an adjunct to normal medical attention . "  We can not diagnose serious diseases and doctors are careful in the advice they give . If users have serious symptoms -- if they 're very sick -- their best choice is to go to a hospital . "  If a doctor is asked about serious symptoms , then the kind of advice we could give is the most suitable hospital to go to , the type of lab tests needed , and any other helpful advice . " Big potential The startup is currently on a drive to recruit more doctors who not only earn money in their spare time but also gain a profile and a platform from the service . Of particular interest , says Zeng , are the data that will be generated by the online service . "  There 's a lot of doctor/user communications that is logged on Chunyu every day . Those data are of particular importance because they are generated by real doctors whose only focus is solving the problem at hand -- they are not selling medication or promoting hospitals . " Chunyu 's model is based on making the service free for both doctors and users , with its revenues raised through advertising from insurance companies , pharmaceutical companies and private hospitals . "  It 's hard to estimate how much revenue would be generated by this service . By way of comparison , Baidu  one of China 's largest online portals  makes one third of its revenues from the healthcare industry . "  We think it 's a huge market . " Read this : The social apps taking China by storm Read this : Asia 's hottest startups right now More from Virtual Think Tank	Chinese startup aims to give medical help online Chunyu Yisheng already has 40 million users and 40,000 doctors online The startup recently gained $ 50 million in funding While China has a public health system , many people have to rely on medical insurance
CNN  -- The year 1990 was not so great for me . Let 's see : John Degl beat me up . Teresa McClure rejected my invitation to the senior prom . Michele Sheehan rejected my invitation to the senior prom . I lost my fifth-straight student council election . Andrew Honohan doused me with chocolate milk . I was given detention for cutting school . My dream college , Penn State , accepted me -- to its Altoona campus . A mole the size of Lake Placid sprouted beneath my nose . From September 1989 through June 1990 -- the span of my senior year at Mahopac High School in Putnam County , New York , -- I never kissed a girl or even held a girl 's hand . I never drank a beer , a shot or even a raspberry wine cooler .  Stop laughing -- they were big back then .  I was invited to two parties -- both thrown by my mother . My pants were too short , my haircut was in the shape of a cereal bowl , I ruined the car  a sweet 1980 Datsun 510 that I accidentally drove through a lake  and Alf was canceled after five seasons on NBC . So why , last Saturday , did I attend my 20-year high school reunion ? Easy -- because life is short . And boring and dry . And if we do n't occasionally force ourselves to face the most uncomfortable of situations , we shrivel up and die in front of the television , a half-eaten bag of stale Fritos in one hand , the remote control in the other . Hence , I entered a ballroom at the Renaissance Hotel in White Plains , New York , took a deep breath and confronted the nightmare that was my youth . I stared down the cheerleaders , the bullies , the jocks , the brainiacs . I looked them over , one by one ; thought about all I had gone through ; all the anger and resentment that had built up deep inside my guts , and I ... and I ... and I ... Had one of the best nights of my life . Really , I did . If you have a reunion coming up , Go ! Without hesitation . Never again will you have a better chance to cleanse yourself , to make peace with the past . Without making an official proclamation , the reunion served as my farewell to any and all longstanding bitterness . I left grudges at the door , and sought out the goodness in those whose formative years had paralleled mine . I danced with Lori Raffa , the girl from the smoking section  seriously , we had one  . I chilled with ToniAnn Guadagnoli , the popular cheerleader  and our class celebrity . She 's the author of "  Chitter Chatter , " my daughter 's favorite book  . I shook hands with Ray Mahoskey , the star running back , and chatted up Pete Lorenzini , the shotputter who was voted track captain over me . For the first time , we were all equals -- all nervous , slightly insecure 30-somethings commiserating over Rodak 's Deli and Carmello 's Barbershop and those disgusting slabs of pizza that passed as school lunch . But in particular , I paid close attention to the plight of Frank Zaccheo . Back in the day , Frank was one of the most dynamic athletes we had . A staple of the traditional Sunday morning flag football games , Frank ran like the Flash , charged a quarterback like a bull and threw deep bombs with uncanny precision . Twelve years ago , while playing in one of those games , Frank began to inexplicably trip . He went to see a doctor , who diagnosed him with Multiple Sclerosis . The ensuing years have been arduous . Now permanently in a wheelchair , Frank suffers through unspeakable pain and exasperation . Yet when he heard of the reunion , something in Frank -- like something in myself -- stirred . Just as this was my chance to eradicate the suffocating bitterness from my youth , here was Frank 's opportunity to travel back in time , to relish four hours not as the wheelchair-bound MS sufferer , but as Frankie Z. , the cocksure Italian teenager from long ago . To watch Frank roll into the room ; to watch the hugs and the high-fives and the long embraces he received from our classmates -- well , it was as powerful a sight as I 've ever witnessed . My memories of Mahopac High School have n't changed . I 'll always be the geek who could n't kiss a girl or win an election . But , for the first time in 20 years , I want to go back . Again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman says he dreaded revisiting the traumas of youth at his high school reunion He forced himself to go  says you should too  , and had one of the best nights of his life He hung out with cheer leader , chatted up the sports star , found all had become equals Pearlman : MS-stricken friend at reunion was powerful thing to witness
This week President Obama did a swing through some college campuses talking about student loan debt . The immediate issue is the 3.4 % interest rate on federal student loans . It 's set to double July 1 unless Congress acts . Keeping the rate low in this still weak economy is , as the president said , a no-brainer . Even his opponent Mitt Romney has endorsed it . But the larger problem -- mounting college costs and a cumulative $ 1 trillion in student loan debt -- remains untouched . Some recent polls have shown that support for Obama among young voters , once Obama 's enthusiastic fans , may be waning in this election compared with four years ago . Student loans are seen by some as the president 's chosen key to regaining their hearts . But really , the issue has been raised for him by the Occupy movement , gearing up this May 1 with a new set of actions focusing on the cost of college and the depredations of the student loan industry . Additionally , almost 700,000 people have signed a petition sponsored by MoveOn.org for student loan forgiveness , started by lawyer and student-loan debtor Robert Applebaum . And the Student Loan Forgiveness Act of 2012 , introduced by U.S. Rep. Hansen Clarke , D-Michigan , last month , is aimed at offering relief . What 's at stake here is the basic equation of the American dream : Hard work plus merit equals opportunity . As usually happens , hard times have led to cuts in support to public education and attendant tuition hikes . Young people are graduating into a dismal job market with an average of more than $ 25,000 in debt . Loan default rates were up sharply last year , and many graduates are questioning the value of their education . In eight years of covering and advocating for student debtors , I 've never seen such a level of public outcry . The president and his Department of Education deserve credit for keeping the heat on student loan and college cost issues , and not just at campaign time . Their most important move was probably the government takeover of the student loan market . As of July 1 , 2010 , all federally subsidized student loans -- about 80 % of the total -- have been originated by the Department of Education . The deal ended billions of dollars in unnecessary subsidies to lenders like Sallie Mae and , in theory at least , empowered the government to set repayment terms friendlier to student lenders . Unfortunately , the measures proposed so far -- freezing interest rates , income-based repayment and public service loan forgiveness -- have n't gone far enough to improve the lot of students and recent grads . There are indications that the specialized repayment programs , designed to make loans cheaper for low earners and those employed by the government or nonprofits , are undersubscribed because of red tape and a lack of publicity . There is a simpler way to cut the Gordian knot of rising debt and college costs , one that would help desperate graduates in the short term and lower the cost of college in the long term . The answer is bankruptcy relief for both federal and private student loans . Since 1998 , federally subsidized student loans have been non-dischargeable in bankruptcy , except in rare cases involving permanent disability or death . Since 2005 , even private , unsubsidized student loans -- the fastest-growing , highest-cost type of student loan , tantamount to putting college on your credit card -- have been immune to bankruptcy claims , as well . Without bankruptcy , lenders have little interest in negotiating . Falling behind on your loans can spiral into a hellish decades-long nightmare of interest rates and penalties soaring many times beyond the original sum . For federal borrowers , the government can garnish your wages without taking you to court , seize tax refunds and even Social Security . Allowing anyone who faces unreasonable student loan sums compared with their income to seek relief through the courts , as we do with every other kind of debt , would end the horror stories . It would also likely have several ripple effects . Private loans would decrease , and the federal government , facing a potential liability of $ 100 billion a year , would have a reason to get more serious about college costs and productivity . This could lead to , among other things , an expansion of the gainful employment rule , which sanctions schools that prepare very few of their students to be solvent . In the long run , we 'd probably see more innovative low-cost learning alternatives , such as the free online courses being offered by Stanford , Princeton , and MIT professors through the new ventures Udacity , Coursera , and MITx . Bankruptcy relief on student loans is n't just fair , it 's the first step to a more functional market in higher education .	The interest rate on student loans will soon double unless Congress acts Anya Kamenetz says Obama showed concern over student debt during visits to colleges But proposed relief measures do n't go far enough ; bankruptcy relief is needed , she says Kamenetz : Bankruptcy relief is fair , a first step to more functional education market
Japanese officials have distanced themselves from comments made by a prominent nationalist politician that suggested women forced to become prostitutes to entertain Japanese troops during World War II were "  necessary . " Toru Hashimoto , who serves as the Mayor of Osaka , told reporters at his weekly press conference Monday that "  anyone would understand " the role of "  comfort women " when soldiers were risking their lives and you wanted to give them "  a rest . " Though he acknowledged the issue was a "  tragic result of war , " Hashimoto , who is co-leader of the nationalist Japan Restoration Party , insisted the use of prostitutes by soldiers was not unique to Japan . Bizarrely , Hashimoto also revealed that he told a U.S. military commander during a trip to a base on the island of Okinawa that the adult entertainment business in Japan should be "  utilized more " by U.S. personnel . "  I told him there are places that operate within the boundaries of the law which can be used for releasing sexual frustration , so they -LSB- the U.S. military -RSB- should fully utilize it or the marines wo n't be able to control their aggressive sexual desires . " He said the officer refused to discuss the suggestion . Reaction at home Hashimoto 's comments also found little support among political colleagues at home . "  A series of remarks by Japanese politicians related to our interpretation of -LSB- wartime -RSB- history have been misunderstood , " Education Minister Hakubun Shimomura told reporters at his weekly press conference Tuesday . "  In that sense Mr. Hashimoto 's remarks came at a bad time . -LSB- But -RSB- I wonder if there is any positive meaning to intentionally make such remarks at this particular moment ? As for the remarks about adult entertainment , I could not believe that it came from a man representing a political party . " Fellow minister Tomomi Inada asked : "  I wonder is this something the representative of a political party should say ? I myself think the comfort women -LSB- issue -RSB- infringed the human rights of the women . " Chief Cabinet Spokesman Yoshihide Suga did not respond directly to Hashimoto 's comments but instead told reporters "  the stance of the Japanese government on the comfort women issue is , as it has been stated repeatedly in the past , that they suffered unspeakably painful experiences and we keenly feel the pain when we think about them . " Sex slaves Many of the 200,000 women whom historians estimate were forced to become sex slaves for Japan 's former Imperial Army were from the Philippines , China and the Korean peninsula -- all occupied territories at the time . While many have now died , a group of Korean survivors has spent years protesting outside the Japanese embassy in Seoul . They demand greater recognition of their suffering , as well as individual compensation . Tokyo maintains its legal liability for wrongdoing was cleared by a bilateral treaty signed in 1965 with South Korea . For its part , the Seoul government expressed "  deep disappointment " over Hashimoto 's comments . "  There is worldwide recognition ... that the issue of comfort women amounts to a wartime rape committed by Japan during its past imperial period in a serious breach of human rights , " a foreign ministry spokesman told Agence France-Presse Tuesday . "  Our government again urges Japan 's prominent officials to show regret for atrocities committed during Japan 's imperial period and to correct their anachronistic way of thinking and comments . " In 1993 , the Japanese government released a statement acknowledging the "  immeasurable pain and suffering " endured by thousands of women forced to have sex during World War II . It even vowed to include the comfort women issue in new junior high school textbooks for the first time . But Japan 's wartime past continues to loom over its relations with key Asian neighbors such as South Korea and China , which are currently strained by territorial disputes in the region .	Toru Hashimoto : "  Anyone would understand " the role of "  comfort women " Around 200,000 women forced to be sex slaves for Japanese army in WWII Many victims remain angry despite apologies from Japan Japan 's wartime conduct remains sensitive issue among its Asian neighbors
CNN  -- The dangerous heat wave blamed for as many as 22 deaths spread into the eastern United States on Wednesday , extending its reach across nearly half the U.S. population , officials said . About 141 million people in a 1 million-square-mile area were under heat advisories and warnings , Justin Kenney , spokesman for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , tweeted . The National Weather Service said , "  These triple-digit temperatures are forecast to remain in place across the eastern U.S. through Saturday before cooling off slightly to the mid-90s by Sunday . " "  After several days of deadly heat and humidity as many as 22 people have died , " the National Weather Service reported Wednesday afternoon . In Oklahoma , four heat-related deaths have been confirmed since May , said Cherokee Ballard , spokesperson for the state medical examiner . Three of those occurred in the past 30 days , including the deaths of a 3-year-old boy in a car in Norman and a 69-year-old man from Blackwell , she said . Another eight Oklahoma deaths may potentially be related to the heat , Ballard told CNN , with most occurring in July . For parts of the country that have already been scorched , some relief was forecast to arrive later Wednesday , the weather service said . A cold front moving across Montana Wednesday "  will significantly drop temperatures across the north central U.S. for the rest of the week , though locations across the central and southern Plains and parts of the Midwest will not see much change from the extended period of heat . " But in the East , some of the worst temperatures were just setting in . Excessive-heat watches , warnings and heat advisories were in effect in more than 30 states Wednesday , in what the weather service described as "  a large portion of the central U.S. and Ohio River Valley , as well as portions of the mid-Atlantic and northeastern states . Temperatures will feel like 100 to 110 degrees or higher during the afternoon hours . " The heat wave in recent days has brought heat index values -- which measure how hot it feels -- to as high as 131 , the weather service said . Heat indices on Tuesday reached 129 in Newton , Iowa ; 121 in Taylorville , Illinois ; 122 in Gwinner , North Dakota ; and 123 in Hutchinson , Minnesota . Minneapolis recorded its highest dew point ever , 82 degrees , on Tuesday . The dew point temperature is a measure of atmospheric moisture . Part of what makes the heat wave so dangerous is that it offers no break , even at night . Chicago on Tuesday tied its record for the warmest low temperature of 78 degrees . In Rockford , Illinois , temperatures dropped down only to 76 degrees -- the warmest on record . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said people in areas affected by extreme heat should drink more water than usual -- and not wait until they feel thirsty . "  Avoid alcohol or liquids containing high amounts of sugar , " the CDC says . The CDC also recommends taking cool showers or baths and avoiding direct sunlight . "  Check on those most at-risk twice a day , " the CDC said . CNN 's Sean Morris , Jacqui Jeras , Dave Alsup and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : National Weather Service says 22 deaths may be due to heat in Midwest 141 million people are under advisories or warnings , NOAA spokesman tweets Watches , warnings , and advisories cover more than 30 states
CNN  -- A Corpus Christi , Texas , hospital is investigating how up to 17 babies in a neonatal intensive care unit received overdoses of the blood thinner heparin . One of the babies died . Officials at Christus Spohn Hospital South say corrective action was taken after the discovery of the overdoses . The infant was one of 17 who may have received a more concentrated form of heparin than was prescribed , Christus Spohn Hospital South said in a statement . Heparin is an anticoagulant often used to clean the IVs of patients and prevent blood clots from forming in the lines . It came into the public spotlight last year when newborn twins of actor Dennis Quaid nearly died after receiving an overdose at a Los Angeles hospital . Nursing staff at the Corpus Christi hospital discovered the problem Sunday -- two days after the medication is believed to have been first administered , according to Bruce Holstien , president and CEO of Christus Spohn Health System . The hospital said it took corrective measures after the discovery . A preliminary investigation concluded that "  the medication error occurred during the mixing process within the hospital pharmacy , " Holstein said in a statement . The baby who died "  was seriously ill , and we do not know at this time what role , if any , the higher than expected concentration of heparin played in this baby 's death , " Dr. Richard Davis , chief medical officer for the health system , said Tuesday . "  Our deepest sympathy goes out to this family , " he said . Twelve of the 16 other babies remain in stable condition in the neonatal intensive care unit , which cares for ill newborns . Three have been discharged , and one is critical and unstable as that baby has been since admission to the unit , Davis said . In November , Quaid 's 12-day-old twins , Thomas Boone and Zoe Grace , were undergoing intravenous antibiotic treatment for a staph infection at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles . According to standard procedure , nurses were supposed to clean the infants ' IV lines with Hep-Lock , a drug containing a small dose of heparin , to allow the lines to flow freely . However , instead of the 10 units of heparin they were supposed to receive , the twins received 10,000 units -- 1,000 times the prescribed amount . The babies survived , apparently with no permanent injury , Quaid later told members of a House committee on government oversight , although there is no way to know whether they will show any long-term effects .	One baby dies in Texas hospital 's neonatal intensive care unit Hospital says medication mix-up apparently occurred in hospital pharmacy Up to 17 babies receive too-concentrated form of blood thinner heparin Last year , Dennis Quaid 's twins given overdose of heparin at Los Angeles hospital
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Justin Bieber house guest Lil Za appeared before a judge Wednesday but stopped short of accepting a plea deal to settle drug and vandalism charges that stemmed from the January search of Bieber 's mansion . A prosecutor agreed to reduce a felony vandalism charge -- which was filed after the rapper allegedly pulled a jail phone off of a wall -- to a misdemeanor , but his lawyer asked for more time before entering a plea . The case was reset for April 30 . Los Angeles County sheriff 's investigators were looking for evidence that Bieber , 20 , attacked a neighbor 's home with eggs in January when they arrested Bieber 's house guest for possession of suspected illegal drugs . A felony vandalism charge was added after Lil Za -- whose real name is Xavier Smith -- allegedly pulled a phone out of the wall in a jail holding area while waiting to be bailed out . Lab tests confirmed one of the drugs in the 20-year-old rapper 's possession was MDMA , also known as Molly or Ecstasy , a sheriff 's detective said . The prosecutor acknowledged in court Wednesday that the phone damage did not meet the threshold for a felony vandalism charge . Smith was represented in court by lawyer Shawn Holley , who is also Bieber 's attorney . The Los Angeles County district attorney has yet to decide if Bieber will be charged with vandalism for the egg attack . The prosecutor could decide to make it a felony case , since investigators said it caused an estimated $ 20,000 in damage to a Calabasas , California , mansion . It could also be prosecuted as just a misdemeanor because of the nature of the incident . Sheriff 's detectives asked for a felony charge against Bieber , but his lawyers argue that the egging was a childish prank . Bieber egging ' a silly prank , ' not a felony , lawyers argue	A prosecutor reduces vandalism charge filed after a phone was pulled from a jail wall Lil Za was arrested on felony drug charges during a search of Justin Bieber 's house Prosecutor still considering if Bieber will face a felony for egging a neighbor The rapper 's lawyer is Shawn Holley , who also defends Bieber
CNN  -- Remember earlier this year when Wikipedia went black in protest of anti-piracy legislation moving through the U.S. Congress ? Yeah , well , that may be nothing compared to this . A group called the Internet Defense League , borrowing a page from Batman , is trying to create a "  bat signal " for mobilizing open-Internet activists against similar legislation . The group 's tagline : "  Make sure the Internet never loses . Ever . " Technically , it 's more of a "  cat signal , " since the group 's website , which launched a couple weeks ago , features a picture of a cat 's face being broadcast into the sky . "  It 's a cat signal because we see the cat as the symbol of the Internet , " said Tiffiniy Cheng , co-director of the nonprofit Fight for the Future , which helped organize recent piracy legislation protests and is behind the new site . "  There 's this academic theory ... that talks about if you ban the ability of people to share cat photos , they 'll start protesting en masse . " She added : "  The idea is we 're building the infrastructure to put up this cat signal or this bat signal all over the Internet at a moment 's notice , with the click of a button . " The Internet went haywire in January when Congress was considering two pieces of legislation -- nicknamed SOPA and PIPA -- that aimed to help the government crack down on the online distribution of pirated content . The English-language version of Wikipedia shut down for 24 hours in protest of the proposed legislation , which died after the digitally based protests . Time Warner , the parent company of CNN , supported the legislation , along with several movie and music industry groups . The Internet Defense League says it is targeting two upcoming pieces of legislation , ACTA and CISPA , which take different approaches to regulating pirated content . The group also will seek promises from U.S. presidential candidates on the subject of Internet openness and legislation , according to Cheng . "  For the past 10 years at least , tech policy has not been based on what 's good for the public interest , " she said . The group says it has the support of some big names on the Web , including WordPress , craigslist founder Craig Newmark , Reddit , the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the Cheezburger Network , which owns several humor blogs . Cheng declined to comment on whether larger commercial websites like Google and Facebook would consider supporting the effort . Pundits have wondered whether this is the dawn of a new era for Internet activism , especially from tech and Web companies that , in the past , have been less political . "  This is the first real test of the political strength of the Web , and regardless of how things go , they are no longer a pushover , " Tim Wu , from Columbia Law School , told the New York Times during the Web protests in January . "  The Web taking a stand against one of the most powerful lobbyers and seeming to get somewhere is definitely a first . " The Internet Defense League aims to expand on that energy , alerting supporters to new threats to "  Internet freedom " when they arise . A co-founder of the group , Reddit 's Alexis Ohanian , explained the idea to Forbes this way : "  You can only cry ` Oh my gosh , they 're going to shut down the Internet ' so often . We 've scared  Congress  from doing anything as egregious as SOPA and PIPA again . But the new challenge is this endless series of smaller bills that try to unravel Internet rights . " On its site , the group pitches its battle against anti-Internet legislation as a sort of duel between all-knowing geeks and uneducated or "  confused " public officials : "  Internet freedom and individual power are changing the course of history . But entrenched institutions and monopolies want this to stop . Elected leaders often do n't understand the Internet , so they 're easily confused or corrupted . " It adds : "  With the combined reach of our websites and social networks , we can be massively more effective than any one organization . " The Internet Defense League site lets people donate money to the cause and , perhaps more powerfully , rally people for or against certain pieces of legislation . When there 's an Internet "  emergency , " the group says it will send out snippets of code that will help websites participate in the protests . Cheng said participating companies or bloggers can choose to have messages displayed on their sites automatically or to field the messages on a case-by-case basis . By creating the code for Web developers to use , Cheng said it become much faster to mobilize people online . That 's what made the anti-SOPA Web blackouts so effective , she said . "  The tool was easy to use . It was a low bar to being used , " she said . "  That was a turning point because the form of protest was very stark and clear and was an example of what Internet censorship could look like . "  And these tools allowed us to reach millions of people very quickly . "	Internet Defense League aims to mobilize Web activists The group says it is a "  bat signal " for the Internet Web companies helped defeat anti-piracy legislation earlier this year A group called Fight for the Future is behind the campaign
CNN  James Best , best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on TV 's "  The Dukes of Hazzard , " died Monday after a brief illness . He was 88 . Best died in hospice in Hickory , North Carolina , of complications from pneumonia , said Steve Latshaw , a longtime friend and Hollywood colleague . Although he 'd been a busy actor for decades in theater and in Hollywood , Best did n't become famous until 1979 , when "  The Dukes of Hazzard 's " cornpone charms began beaming into millions of American homes almost every Friday night . For seven seasons , Best 's Rosco P. Coltrane chased the moonshine-running Duke boys back and forth across the back roads of fictitious Hazzard County , Georgia , although his "  hot pursuit " usually ended with him crashing his patrol car . Although Rosco was slow-witted and corrupt , Best gave him a childlike enthusiasm that got laughs and made him endearing . His character became known for his distinctive "  kew-kew-kew " chuckle and for goofy catchphrases such as "  cuff 'em and stuff 'em ! " upon making an arrest . Among the most popular shows on TV in the early '80s , "  The Dukes of Hazzard " ran until 1985 and spawned TV movies , an animated series and video games . Several of Best 's "  Hazzard " co-stars paid tribute to the late actor on social media . "  I laughed and learned more from Jimmie in one hour than from anyone else in a whole year , " co-star John Schneider , who played Bo Duke , said on Twitter . "  Give Uncle Jesse my love when you see him dear friend . " "  Jimmy Best was the most constantly creative person I have ever known , " said Ben Jones , who played mechanic Cooter on the show , in a Facebook post . "  Every minute of his long life was spent acting , writing , producing , painting , teaching , fishing , or involved in another of his life 's many passions . " Born Jewel Guy on July 26 , 1926 , in Powderly , Kentucky , Best was orphaned at 3 and adopted by Armen and Essa Best , who renamed him James and raised him in rural Indiana . Best served in the Army during World War II before launching his acting career . In the 1950s and 1960s , he accumulated scores of credits , playing a range of colorful supporting characters in such TV shows as "  The Twilight Zone , " "  Bonanza , " "  The Andy Griffith Show " and "  Gunsmoke . " He later appeared in a handful of Burt Reynolds ' movies , including "  Hooper " and "  The End . " But Best will always be best known for his "  Hazzard " role , which lives on in reruns . "  Jimmie was my teacher , mentor , close friend and collaborator for 26 years , " Latshaw said . "  I directed two of his feature films , including the recent ` Return of the Killer Shrews , ' a sequel he co-wrote and was quite proud of as he had made the first one more than 50 years earlier . " People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's Stella Chan contributed to this story .	James Best , who played the sheriff on "  The Dukes of Hazzard , " died Monday at 88 "  Hazzard " ran from 1979 to 1985 and was among the most popular shows on TV
"  Mohawk Guy , " a Mars rover flight director , is n't just a social media sensation -- he made an impression on President Barack Obama , too . "  I , in the past , thought about getting a mohawk myself , but my team keeps on discouraging me , " Obama told scientists at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in a phone call Monday broadcast on NASA TV . "  And now that he 's received marriage proposals and thousands of new Twitter followers , I think that I 'm going to go back to my team and see if it makes sense , " he said to the sound of laughter from dozens of NASA employees . Obama called NASA mission specialists to congratulate them on the successful landing of the rover Curiosity , which reached Mars one week ago . He praised them for their achievements in the phone call , which was both laudatory and lighthearted . "  Mohawk Guy , " whose real name is Bobak Ferdowsi , has become famous for his look during the rover landing last week . As the world waited for Curiosity to touch down , Ferdowsi sported a red-and-black mohawk ; the sides of his head featured yellow dyed stars . Decoding the workplace dress code "  It does sound like NASA has come a long way from the white-shirt , black dark-rimmed glasses and the pocket protectors , " Obama told Jet Propulsion Laboratory Director Charles Elachi and colleagues . "  You guys are a little cooler than you used to be . " More seriously , Obama thanked the scientists for devoting their lives to the cause of exploration outside our planet . "  What you 've accomplished embodies the American spirit , " he said . "  Our expectation is that Curiosity is going to be telling us things that we did not know before , " he said , and that the rover will lay the groundwork for an even more "  audacious undertaking , " which would be "  a human mission to the red planet . " What we 've done on Mars , and what 's next Curiosity is about the size of a sport utility vehicle and weighs 2,000 pounds . The mission costs about $ 2.6 billion . The rover , after traveling for more than eight months , safely landed on the surface of Mars before 2 a.m. E.T. on August 6 . The landing process was dubbed "  seven minutes of terror " and involved the world 's largest supersonic parachute and a sky crane . Despite the complicated landing mechanism , the rover landed about 1.5 miles from its target , which was still well within the range where scientists expected it to arrive . "  It 's really mind-boggling what you 've been able to accomplish , " the president told the NASA mission specialists . "  And being able to get that whole landing sequence to work the way you did is a testimony to your team . " 5 reasons to be excited about Curiosity The rover will head toward Mount Sharp , a 18,000-foot high mountain about 7.5 miles south of where it landed . Curiosity will climb at least a small portion of this mountain , which is composed of layers of rock that have built up over time . Using its science tools , the rover will test for organic molecules , which would indicate the planet could have once hosted life . Meet a rover driver : His other car is on Mars Curiosity is supposed to last for two years on the red planet , but previous missions suggest that it could go longer . NASA had planned for twin rovers Spirit and Opportunity to last only 90 days , but Spirit persevered from 2004 to 2010 , and Opportunity is still chugging along . Obama may be busy with the upcoming election , but he said he 'd still like to know immediately whether Curiosity finds life -- even microorganisms -- on Mars . "  If in fact you do make contact with Martians , please let me know right away , " he said , receiving more laughter . He added , "  I 've got a lot of other things on my plate , but I suspect that that will go to the top of the list . "	President Barack Obama congratulates NASA scientists on Mars rover landing The rover landed 1.5 miles from its target on August 6 The rover eventually will head to Mount Sharp Obama jokes he 's considering getting a mohawk after "  Mohawk Guy "
CHARLESTON , South Carolina  CNN  -- Sen. John Kerry on Thursday endorsed Sen. Barack Obama for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination , saying the senator from Illinois is a "  candidate to bring change to our country . " "  Barack Obama is n't just going to break the mold , " said Kerry , the Democratic presidential candidate four years ago . "  Together , we are going to shatter it into a million pieces . " The senator from Massachusetts made the announcement in front of an enthusiastic crowd in Charleston , South Carolina , 16 days ahead of the state 's Democratic primary . Kerry said he was stirred by the way Obama "  eloquently reminded us of the fact that our true genius is faith in simple dreams and insistence on small miracles . " Watch Kerry explain why he 's picking Obama " The endorsement could be seen as a blow to former Sen. John Edwards , who was Kerry 's running mate in the 2004 election . Edwards also is vying for the Democratic presidential nomination this year . The endorsement should n't come as a surprise to Edwards , who was publicly critical of Kerry 's campaign after the earlier election . Following news of the endorsement , Edwards released a statement saying he respects Kerry 's decision . "  When we were running against each other and on the same ticket , John and I agreed on many issues , " Edwards said . "  I continue to believe that this election is about the future , not the past , and that the country needs a president who will fight aggressively to end the status quo and change the Washington system and to give voice to all of those whose voices are ignored in the corridors of power . " Kerry made an oblique reference to the other candidates in the race "  with whom I have worked and who I respect " in his speech Thursday . "  They are terrific public servants , and each of them could be president tomorrow , and each would fight to take this country in the right direction , but I believe that more than anyone else , Barack Obama can help our country turn the page and get America moving by uniting and ending the division that we have faced , " he said . A source suggested senator 's support for Obama will be a big boost because Kerry "  remains one of the most popular figures in the Democratic Party and -LSB- has -RSB- an e-mail list with millions of addresses . " In an e-mail sent to the JohnKerry.com community Thursday , the former presidential candidate said the next president of the United States "  can be , should be , and will be Barack Obama . " A Kerry spokesman said Obama will be sending out a note to Kerry 's e-mail list , which was created during the 2004 run and numbers 3 million . Obama on Wednesday picked up endorsements from two key unions in Nevada , which holds its caucuses January 19 . Atlanta , Georgia , Mayor Shirley Franklin recently announced her endorsement of Obama , and sources said Thursday that Sen. Tim Johnson of South Dakota also would back the senator from Illinois . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Candy Crowley and Mark Preston contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Barack Obama will bring the country together , Sen. John Kerry says Kerry was the Democratic presidential candidate in 2004 John Edwards , also running for the '08 Democratic bid , was Kerry 's running mate Obama picked up key endorsements from unions in Nevada this week
CNN  If it were easy , any company or government could do it . But flying an Ebola patient halfway around the world -- while keeping that person alive , and everyone safe -- is complicated . Probably no one knows that better than Phoenix Air , a Georgia-based company that is the go-to for transporting Ebola victims by air . Since August , it has made approximately 40 trips -- about half to Europe , the rest to the United States . "  We 're like a fire truck sitting in the firehouse . The bell goes off and within a matter of hours we can be out the door and underway , " said Dent Thompson , vice president and chief operations officer at Phoenix Air . He described the system that goes inside the company 's modified Gulfstream G-III aircraft . It consists of three major elements : Once the plane has landed and the patient has left , the whole system is sealed . The aircraft then flies to a high-security hanger in Cartersville , Georgia , where it undergoes a complete decontamination process , which can take up to 24 hours . Everything inside the liner , including the liner , is sterilized multiple times . The liner and everything in it is then removed , put in special boxes , and taken to a federally licensed incinerator where everything is destroyed . "  We like to say it 's more sterile than the surface of the moon when we 're done with it , " Thompson said . Phoenix Air began developing its system way before the current Ebola outbreak . It worked with the Department of Defense and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to build a system that could safety transport patients with contagious diseases . Then , the main concerns were SARS , swine and bird flu . It took years to work out the kinks and get the system approved , and by the time the work was done , the need had sort of petered out . But Thompson said Phoenix Air held onto the system , knowing -- unfortunately -- the need would arise again . He got a call from the State Department in July . By August , the company had completed its first Ebola flight , safely delivering Dr. Kent Brantly to Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . A few days later , it brought Nancy Writebol to the same hospital for treatment . And on and on and on . Thompson said other groups are now developing systems similar to Phoenix Air 's , including the U.S. government . But so far , none has flown . "  Other organizations have built systems , but we 're the ones still doing it , " he said . More than 10,000 people have died in the Ebola outbreak , mostly in the countries of Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone .	Georgia company equips plane to transport Ebola patients Design was developed when SARS , swine and bird flu were generating concern
Beijing  CNN  -- Many of China 's Catholics are awaiting the election of Pope Benedict XVI 's successor with high expectations . "  We pray for the new pope , " said Father Francis Zhang , a Beijing priest . "  We hope he will be spiritual , dynamic and open minded . We hope he will be more open to China , more pragmatic , and someone who understands very well the Chinese Catholic church . " In recent days , Father Zhang , the parish priest of the Yongning Catholic church in the northern suburbs of the capital , has been travelling to several Chinese cities , giving lectures to jam-packed audiences of priests , seminarians and laymen . "  Sometimes the audience is as big as 4,000 people , " he enthused . "  I talk about religion and church management . " Chinese Catholics like Zhang have long been caught in the middle of a decades-long conflict between China 's Communist Party and the Vatican . They are walking a fine line between loyalty to the Holy See and to their country . "  Of course we believe in one holy , Catholic and apostolic church , " Zhang said . "  We are in total union with the Holy See in terms of liturgy , theology , holy communion and rites . "  As a Chinese priest , we love our country , the motherland . We are law-abiding . " China today remains largely atheist under the rule of the Communist Party . Even so , churches like Zhang 's have been attracting old believers and new converts . China 's State Administration for Religious Affairs says some six million Chinese Catholics attend services in government-sanctioned churches , but others practice their faith in secret -- in Catholic churches outside government control . "  Many of them are still going to the underground churches , " said Father Zhang . Experts say millions worship in underground churches -- so-called "  house-churches " that are fiercely loyal to the Vatican and disagree with government restrictions and periodic crackdowns . After the 1949 revolution , the ruling Communist Party denounced religion as the "  opiate " of the masses . China cut off ties with the Vatican in 1951 and the two sides have been estranged ever since . Religious persecution reached a crescendo during the chaotic Cultural Revolution  1966-76  , when clergy and laymen alike were persecuted , jailed and even killed . In the early 1970s , I remember walking by what looked like churches in central Beijing . They were padlocked or used as workshops or warehouses . Religion remained taboo . A few years after Chairman Mao 's death in 1976 , China reopened "  patriotic churches " where people can practice religion under government control . More than thirty years of reform has turned China into the second biggest economy in the world . It also has one of the fastest growing Christian communities in the world . With less strict adherence to communist ideology , many Chinese appeared spirtually adrift , looking for a value system on which to anchor their lives as they cope with rampant materialism , money-worship and widespread corruption . Many turn to religion for solace . "  They are looking for peace and stability , for spiritual purification , " said Father Zhang . Last autumn , I watched Zhang preside over an elaborate wedding of 62 couples from across China . Most were newly married ; others were older couples renewing their vows . I asked one groom , a white-collar worker in Beijing , "  Why turn Catholic ? " "  Religion helps people , young and old , draw a red line between what is moral and proper , and what is not , " he answered . Zhang says local officials approve of religion too because it helps improve social stability . "  It promotes social harmony , " echoing the Chinese leadership 's political slogan . China says citizens now enjoy religious freedom , as enshrined in the constitution -- but it comes with caveats . The regulations , Human Rights Watch notes , require that religious organizations and believers must "  safeguard the nation 's unity , ethnic solidarity , and social stability " and eschew "  foreign domination . " Religious activities should observe the constitution , laws and regulations , and safeguard the nation 's unity , ethnic solidarity , and social stability . No organizations or individuals should interfere with the state 's administration , the judiciary , or education . International rights groups complain that Chinese officials continue to detain religious believers , close religious sites , and impose arbitrary restrictions . Over the past eight years during Pope Benedict 's papacy , the two sides have made attempts to break the impasse but only with modest success . In 2005 , Pope Benedict met with members of the China Disabled People 's Arts Troupe who were touring Rome at the time . In a pastoral letter issued on May 20 , 2007 , the pope expressed understanding about the complicated situation of the church in China and offered guidelines for pastoral life . He expressed a "  willingness to engage in respectful and constructive dialogue " with China , while calling for defense of the doctrines and tradition of the Catholic Church . The pope , in the letter , also dedicated May 24 as a day of prayer for the church in China - and in the same year set up a special commission on affairs related to the church in the country . In 2008 , the Chinese Philharmonic Orchestra and the Shanghai Opera House Chorus visited the Vatican and performed in front of the pope . It was hailed as an ice-breaking event . Still , major sticking points remain . While China may allow Chinese Catholics to practice their faith and accept the pope 's spiritual leadership , it also tells the Vatican not to "  interfere in China 's internal affairs , " including the matter of ordaining Chinese bishops . China in recent years has ordained new bishops without the pope 's approval , stalling efforts of restoring diplomatic relations between China and the Vatican . Many local Catholics , caught in the middle , say they hope the government will respect the universal traditions of the Vatican . At the same time , they hope the Vatican can better understand the church in China and reach reconciliation with Beijing . "  We follow China and we also follow the Roman Catholic way , " said Father Zhang , who for years attended an underground church before joining the mainstream "  patriotic church . " But no breakthroughs are expected any time soon . The incoming pope will have little room to tweak the "  ambiguous but still conservative line " pursued by Pope Benedict because the hardliners in the Vatican are simply too strong , said one analyst who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity surrounding religious issues in China . If the new pope takes a more conciliatory line on China , he added , his credibility could be questioned by the hardliners . Chinese communist leaders , on the other hand , are still struggling with how to deal with this unpredictable religious boom .	Catholic Church and government authorities uneasily coexist in China More than six million Catholics attend government-sanctioned churches Experts say millions more practice Catholicism in underground "  house-churches " Chinese Catholics hope the next pope can reconcile church 's differences with Beijing
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  They were sons and daughters , brothers and sisters , friends and fellow citizens . They were students and dreamers , pursuing their ambition for a better life . And on Tuesday night , Kenyans remembered them as innocent victims of a terrorist attack that stunned a nation and left communities heartbroken . The gathering started with quiet chatter among a crowd of hundreds before mourners went silent and moved toward one end of Nairobi 's Uhuru Park . Organizers unloaded 147 crosses from a truck and quietly planted them in the ground . Mourners read names of some of the victims as candles flickered in the dark . The crowd then sang the national anthem . The attack at a university in Garissa on Thursday killed 147 people , mostly students . The Al-Shabaab militant group claimed responsibility . As the country mourned the victims , others took to social media to humanize them by sharing their stories . They talked about aspiring lawyers , doctors and teachers . "  I ca n't even look at pictures of the people killed without crying , " said Mary Wambui , 32 , who lives in Nakuru , hundreds of miles from Garissa . "  They were just children . They were trying to make a better life for themselves . Some were first to go to college in their communities . They died trying to get an education . " Using the hashtag # 147notjustanumber , Kenyans used social media to talk about the lives of the victims . They shared pictures of beaming faces , full of life and energy , in happier days . They talked about parents too shocked to speak after identifying their children 's bodies . "  We need to talk about the bright futures cut short , " said Boniface Mwangi , who organized the vigil . "  Today 's meeting will be a calling to say , ` We need to remember the 147 ; they are not just a number . ' We are trying to avoid remembering these people as just a number . " Some students remain unaccounted for , and wailing relatives alternate their searches between hospitals and morgues . Kenyan authorities have not released a list of the names of the victims . At Uhuru Park , right next to the crosses , a bulletin board featured 32 photos of the young students . "  With the previous attacks , there 's been a sense of the victims just being numbers , " Doreen Areri said . "  The idea behind this is to have faces behind the numbers . We need to hear their stories , their dreams . " Kellie Murungi said she got some solace from the vigil . "  In 2010 , I was in a grenade attack in downtown Nairobi and every time there 's a terrorist attack , it hits too close to home , " Murungi said . " It 's not just happened to me , but many others . " The vigil was important for the healing process , she said , because "  we should n't have people walking around with scars . " It was the deadliest attack in the nation since al Qaeda killed more than 200 people at the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi in 1998 . In the Garissa attack , the terrorists separated Christians from Muslims , making some recite verses from the Quran . Those who could n't quote the holy book tried to flee the gunfire , but whizzing bullets sent them to the ground . Others scampered into closets and stayed there for hours . Images from the scene showed heaps of students , faces down , lying in pools of blood . "  Those images will haunt us forever , " said Martin Otieno , 29 , who lives in Nairobi . "  As a nation , we should never let this happen . We just ca n't . " Kenya launched airstrikes Monday targeting Al-Shabaab 's training camps in Somalia , according to a military source , adding that the strikes were not retribution for last week 's massacre at the university . "  The latest attack of Al-Shabaab bases by the Kenya military is part of the ongoing operations that started in 2011 . It is not a retaliation to the Garissa attack . The operation has been ongoing , " the source said Monday . Kenyan authorities had intelligence beforehand that a university in Garissa could be attacked , yet the country 's rapid response team was stuck in Nairobi for hours after the massacre awaiting transport , a police source said Monday . It 's unclear why the elite team was stuck in the Kenyan capital about 230 miles  370 kilometers  west of the attack . Kenyan politicians and Nairobi-based journalists arrived on the scene before the team did . Once the team entered the university complex , the hourslong siege was quickly defused . But a government spokesman defended the response time . "  With the benefit of hindsight , you can always say things could have been done better , " said Manoah Esipisu , a spokesman for Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta . However , he added , Kenyan authorities "  got the job done " and saved lives . Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed echoed that sentiment in an interview with CNN on Monday . She denied reports that an elite rapid response team single-handedly ended the siege . "  We have a military garrison in Garissa , and the work began immediately after the attack was reported and continued for a number of hours until we were able to rescue 663 students of the 800 students that had been taken hostage by these terrorists . So the response was adequate , " she said . "  We did everything that we could do . " Kenya 's Interior Ministry named Mohamed Mohamud as the organizer of the attack . The senior Al-Shabaab leader is also known by the aliases Dulyadin and Gamadhere , it said . The ministry offered a reward of 20 million Kenyan shillings , or about $ 215,000 , for information on his whereabouts . He is in charge of external operations against Kenya , according to a government document , and commands the militia along the border . Another terrorist involved in the attacks is Abdirahim Abdullahi , a Kenyan-Somali and the son of a government chief in Mandera , authorities said . Mandera is in northern Kenya . Dorm becomes scene of a slaughter Al-Shabaab is based in Somalia , and its violence has spread to Kenya before . In 2013 , militants attacked Nairobi 's upscale Westgate Mall , leaving 67 people dead . The terror group has intensified attacks in Kenya since the country sent troops to Somalia four years ago to help battle the militants . CNN 's David McKenzie and Joseph Netto reported from Nairobi , and Faith Karimi reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed from Los Angeles .	Kenyans gather in Nairobi to remember victims of a terrorist attack that stunned a nation The attack at a Garissa university last week killed 147 people , mostly students
CNN  -- Wisconsin state Sen. Glenn Grothman , who supports Gov. Scott Walker 's repeal of a law that protected workers from pay discrimination , recently said , "  You could argue that money is more important for men . I think a guy in their first job , maybe because they expect to be a breadwinner someday , may be a little more money-conscious . " As a graduating student surrounded by classmates about to assume their first jobs , I assure the senator that none of my female classmates is thinking , "  Salary is n't that important to me . I do n't plan to work hard and do n't need to be paid fairly , because I wo n't be a breadwinner . A man will come along to take care of that for me . " Instead , many young women about to enter the workforce are focused on paying off their student loan debt . Those who are also mothers are worried about how to financially provide for , and simultaneously care for , their young children . The single moms among us face even larger challenges . And we are worried about our sisters who do n't have college degrees and so do n't have the same earning power . What female students might not remember is that the men with whom we stand shoulder-to-shoulder at graduation do n't face the same financial challenges . Many young women of my generation believe they live in a post-feminist world , without unfair sex discrimination -- a world in which career paths are designed with fathers and mothers in mind . Unfortunately , that world does n't exist quite yet . A significant gender pay gap still persists . That 's why we can not be passive as we acknowledge Equal Pay Day , which marks the day when a woman 's earnings catch up to what her male peers earned in the previous year . To millennials , it 's startling to see that women still earn just 77 cents to the dollar of what men earn . Women of color are hit especially hard : African-American and Hispanic women earn 70 % and 61 % , respectively , of what white men earn . Without any male income in their household , single women and lesbians may feel the pay gap effect all the more . This wage gap costs working women and their families more than $ 10,000 annually and jeopardizes women 's retirement security . This gap is n't just about women making different choices in their careers . Even after accounting for occupation , hours worked , education , age , race , ethnicity , marital status , number of children and more , a difference of 5 % still persists in the earnings of male and female college graduates one year after graduation . After 10 years in the workplace , that gap more than doubles to 12 % . Today we are fortunate to have critical laws like the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Restoration Act , which overturned a 2007 Supreme Court decision that made it harder for women -- and all employees -- to pursue federal claims of pay discrimination . Although this important law restored fairness for workers who want to use federal law to challenge cases of discriminatory pay , it only addresses one piece of the larger puzzle . More needs to be done . Paycheck discrimination is not the only obstacle preventing women from having the same economic opportunities as men . As our country continues to focus on our economic recovery , leveling the financial playing field for women must be a priority . According to recent predictions , within a generation , more families will be supported by women than men . If these primary breadwinners earn lower incomes , it wo n't just affect their families , but also consumer spending and our larger financial growth . For starters , we need to further close the pay gap by fulfilling the promise of equal pay for work of equal value . Entire employment sectors should n't be paid less because they 're considered "  women 's work . " Because so much of "  women 's work " is paid at minimum wage , one way to begin to address this is to pass the Rebuild America Act , which would gradually raise the federal minimum wage and index the tipped minimum wage to keep pace with inflation . Women and families also need paid sick days and paid leave . The United States remains the only country in the developed world that does not mandate paid sick leave , despite the cost benefits to businesses , workers and our larger economy . According to the National Partnership for Women and Families , employers lose hundreds of billions of dollars in productivity when sick workers stay on the job , while workers who are forced to stay home without pay because of illness lose critical income . These costs of unpaid leave take a disproportionate toll on women , who are more likely to have care-giving responsibilities and be unable to take time off to care for family members when they fall ill . Our generation can change this . We know what the problems are and we know what the solutions are , but we have to demand that our elected officials and business leaders take action . At the federal and state level , we have to fight efforts to repeal equal pay laws . We have to support increases in the minimum wage . And we have to demand that the United States join our global competitors in giving workers paid leave . All these issues affect our individual financial health and the strength of our collective economy . On this Equal Pay Day , I hope all young women -- and men -- join this fight and prove that none of this is about "  money being more important for men " or for women . It 's about the kind of country we want to live in , work in and pursue our dreams in . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sandra Fluke .	Sandra Fluke : Women care about wages as much as men do ; they want to be paid fairly On Equal Pay Day , women still make 77 cents for every dollar that men make , she says Fluke : More families will be supported by women than men , making issue more crucial Fluke pushes equal pay for equal work , higher minimum wage , guaranteed sick days
Moscow  CNN  -- The death toll in a Moscow metro derailment Tuesday has reached 22 , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency said . Another 160 people are injured , of whom more than 120 were hospitalized , the Moscow health care department said . Of those , a few dozen were in critical condition . The derailment took place during morning rush hour in the Russian capital . Three metro train cars derailed in a tunnel , the state-run ITAR-Tass news agency reported . More than 200 people were evacuated , the Emergency Ministry said on its website . Dozens of ambulances arrived at the scene , along with three helicopters , to help shuttle the injured to hospitals , ITAR-Tass said . Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin declared Wednesday as a day of mourning . The cause is under investigation It was not clear what caused the derailment , but the head of Moscow 's Transportation Department said it was not a terrorist attack . However , it 's still subject to a criminal investigation as authorities seek to find out what 's behind the crash . In the moments afterward , many of those caught up in the derailment scrambled back up to the surface at the station west of central Moscow , some bleeding and dazed as they emerged . The rescue operation had become a recovery operation by Tuesday afternoon as emergency workers sought to free the remaining bodies from within the mangled train cars . Their efforts were made more difficult by the depth of Moscow 's metro lines , on which roughly 11 million people travel daily . The metro system -- the backbone of the city 's public transit network -- has been the target of past terror attacks . Train derails in northern India , killing at least 9 people Train derailment and crash kill passengers near Moscow CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow , and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Phil Black contributed to this report .	NEW : The death toll rises to 22 , RIA Novosti says NEW : More than 120 people are hospitalized Three metro train cars derailed in a tunnel during rush hour , ITAR-Tass says The cause of the derailment is not clear ; officials have ruled out terrorism
CNN  A lot of questions . Not too many answers . Exactly one week after being taken into police custody in Baltimore , Freddie Gray died Sunday under circumstances that are unclear . "  The questions that many of you have are the same questions that we 're asking : How was Mr. Gray injured ? Were our proper protocols and procedures actually followed ? What are the next steps to take from here ? " said Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake . An attorney for Gray 's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up . "  On last Sunday morning at about 8 a.m. , the police chased Freddie Gray , a ... healthy man , without any evidence he had committed a crime . His take-down and arrest without probable cause occurred under a police video camera , which taped everything including the police dragging and throwing Freddy into a police vehicle while he screamed in pain , " attorney William Murphy Jr. said in a statement . Video recorded at the scene shows Gray , with his hands behind his back , screaming as police raise him to his feet . They drag him to a waiting van . "  He lapsed into a coma , died , was resuscitated , stayed in a coma and on Monday , underwent extensive surgery at Shock Trauma to save his life . He clung to life for seven days and died today at approximately 7 a.m. . We believe the police are keeping the circumstances of Freddie 's death secret until they develop a version of events that will absolve them of all responsibility , " said Murphy . The attorney added that Gray 's spinal cord was severely injured . At this point , police are declining to say much about the case , citing ongoing administrative and criminal investigations . They have not released the incident report , nor have they released the names of the officers involved . They have said that those officers have been placed on administrative duties . When asked why officers first encountered Gray , Baltimore Police Dept. Capt. Eric Kowalczyk told CNN that they had been working in an area known for violent crime and drug sales . When the officers approached him , Gray fled , Kowalczyk said . Gray 's death comes amid a string of recent deaths involving white officers and black suspects . The death of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , touched off protests and sparked a nationwide debate over race and policing . Brown , an unarmed black teen , was shot by Darren Wilson , a white officer , last August . According to CNN affiliate WJZ , protesters rallied over the weekend in Baltimore , demanding answers . "  Our hope and goal here is to be as informative as we can without compromising the criminal investigation , " said Kowalczyk . "  We 're very troubled by this . We want to find out the answers as much as the public does . " CNN 's Vivan Kuo and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	An attorney for Freddie Gray 's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up There are ongoing administrative and criminal investigations Baltimore 's mayor promises to get the bottom of what happened
CNN  -- After two years of debate , the constitutional challenges to President Barack Obama 's health care law finally reached the U.S. Supreme Court this week . While the intensity of the debate suggests the law is vulnerable to being overturned , 70 years of judicial precedents provide strong grounds for upholding the law . On Monday , the opening day of oral arguments did little to address the core constitutional questions . Rather , the nine justices were asked to consider whether an arcane rule of tax law would require the court to postpone its decision on the constitutionality of the individual mandate to purchase health care . Under a federal statute , people can not challenge a tax until the Internal Revenue Service tries to collect it . According to this line of reasoning , people who object to the individual mandate are objecting to the tax that they will have to pay if they do not purchase insurance . Since no one will have to pay a penalty until 2015 , one of the courts of appeals had dismissed the constitutional challenge . However , there was little sentiment among the justices to postpone a decision until 2015 . The only real uncertainty is how they will explain why the appellate court was wrong . Is it because the penalty for not purchasing insurance is not a "  tax " ? Is it because the government wants the case to go forward and can permit people to challenge a tax even before it is imposed ? There 's another tax argument that the court is likely to reject based on clues given on the first day . The government is claiming that the individual mandate is authorized by the power of Congress to tax Americans . The justices seemed skeptical about this point . Justice Stephen Breyer , for example , expressed doubt that the penalty for not purchasing insurance could be viewed as a tax . And none of the lower courts have bought the taxing power argument . On Day Two , the government 's more important constitutional argument will be brought up . The government will make a case that the individual mandate is authorized by the power of Congress to regulate commerce . Based on their past statements , the four liberal-leaning justices on the court are expected to agree . Legal experts therefore will pay close attention to the questions asked by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Anthony Kennedy and Antonin Scalia for signs on their views about the commerce power . Critics of the health care law say the commerce power allows Congress to regulate people who are voluntarily engaged in economic transactions , but Congress can not require people to buy a good or service solely because they are living in the United States . The government will respond that under the new health care law , insurers no longer will be able to deny people affordable coverage because they have had a heart attack , cancer diagnosis or other medical problem . Starting in 2014 , "  pre-existing medical conditions " can not serve as a basis for raising premiums or refusing to offer insurance . And there is no question that the commerce power permits this new rule . But there is a cost to protecting the public from pre-existing conditions fees . Insurers can be asked to charge the same rates for everyone only if the public is required to purchase coverage . Otherwise , many people would wait until they suffer an illness or injury to buy their policy . In other words , the individual mandate is simply designed to prevent freeloading that would cause the pre-existing conditions provision to fail , and the Constitution gives Congress the power to make sure its laws can be implemented effectively . For argument , the government will cite the court 's medical marijuana decision , and it will be interesting to see how Scalia discusses his position in that case . There , he sided with the majority in recognizing a broad federal power to regulate commerce , even when an individual is cultivating marijuana for personal medical use and not for any commercial purposes . If Congress can apply its drug laws to someone not engaged in any commercial activity , why ca n't it apply its health care laws to someone not engaged in any commercial activity ? Expect the justices to ask about the implications of individual mandate for future laws . If Congress can make people buy health care insurance , can it also make people purchase other products , such as broccoli ? The answer is no . Insurance is different from all other products . If Congress wants to improve people 's diets , it can require dairies to add vitamin D to their milk or bakers to add fiber to their bread . The government can regulate the food we eat by regulating our voluntary transactions . There is no need to force us to go out and buy foods we do n't want to buy . Opponents of the health care law make arguments that sound plausible and that once reflected the constitutional interpretations of the Supreme Court . But decisions since the 1940s provide ample support for the court to uphold the law . How the justices will ultimately rule , it 's hard to say . But Tuesday 's hearings should tell us more about their inclinations . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Orentlicher .	Oral arguments on the Affordable Care Act have begun before the high court David Orentlicher : Justices on Monday seemed skeptical about tax arguments Orentlicher says Tuesday 's arguments about commerce power is more important Seventy years of precedents provide strong grounds for upholding health law , he says
CNN  On July 20 , 2012 , excited moviegoers gathered for a midnight screening of "  The Dark Knight Rises " at the Century Aurora 16 Multiplex Theater in Aurora , Colorado . Eighteen minutes into the show , and shortly after midnight , a gunman opened fire on the audience . Twelve people were killed and 70 were injured . On Monday , shooting suspect James Holmes goes on trial for 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder charges . He has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . It 's a moment the survivors and those who lost loved ones have waited for anxiously . It 's a moment that will be a painful next step toward healing and one that will no doubt bring back a flood of painful memories . Ahead of the trial , CNN spoke with several people whose lives were changed because of the shooting . They will attend at least part of the trial . Pierce O'Farrill made a last-minute decision to go to the movies with a friend . O'Farrill was shot multiple times and collapsed as he tried to escape . The shooter stood above him , and O'Farrill prepared to die . Then , the gunman moved in another direction . O'Farrill soon saw an officer who told him he was going to make it . Kaylan Bailey attended the movie with her cousin , Jamison , his girlfriend , Ashley , and their daughter , Veronica . Kaylan , just 13 at the time , babysat 6-year-old Veronica often . She had watched her earlier in the day when Ashley , who was pregnant , had an appointment for an ultrasound . When she heard gunfire , Kaylan made a heartrending 911 call . Ashley , Jamison and Veronica had all been shot . Veronica was the youngest to die in the theater . Ashley was paralyzed and later suffered a miscarriage because of the trauma she suffered . Jamison was shot in the head and survived . Tom and Caren Teves lost their son , Alex , who was in the theater with his girlfriend . When the shooting began , Alex shielded his girlfriend , saving her life and absorbing the bullets that would take his . The Teveses remember Alex as someone who was fearless , funny and gave the greatest hugs . "  The world had a great person taken out of it that could 've done so much more , " Caren Teves said . The Teveses launched a campaign called "  No Notoriety " to challenge the media to not show photos or use the name of the shooter . Marcus Weaver was at the movies with his friend , Rebecca Wingo . As the gunman opened fire , Marcus and Rebecca dropped to the ground . During a break in the gunshots , Marcus tried to get to the exit , taking Rebecca , who was unconscious , with him . The shots started again and it was chaos . Marcus had been hit in the shoulder with buckshot , but he made it to an exit . Rebecca did n't make it out alive . Weaver remembers her as a bright and shining person with a contagious smile . Here , in their own words , is a glimpse at what these people are experiencing 2 1/2 years after the shooting and as the trial begins . O'Farrill : "  I do n't think the shooting has defined me as a person . But I think what I 've learned from it , the strength that I 've gained from overcoming something this terrible , has become a defining factor of my life . " Bailey : "  I would say that the theater shooting is life-changing , but I do n't think it defines me . " Caren Teves : "  The ripple effect from this whole tragedy is just endless . It goes on and on and on . " Tom Teves : "  People start to shy away from you , too . Because it 's just too painful . And they 're afraid of the fact that you 're a window into the fact that evil exists . Because you 're proof that evil exists , not in your persona but in what happened to your child . " Weaver : "  And so as you ask about life , how I see it , I just see it in a different lens . And it took a while to get used to that lens . Because I could n't do the same thing I did before . I just was n't that person anymore . I rarely go out to restaurants and stuff . Because , you know , people come up to you and start talking about it . ... "  I do n't think anybody who was in that theater that night will ever be the same . " O'Farrill : "  We woke up today , we got out of bed ; this was the day that the Lord promised us . But he certainly has n't promised us that ... we 'll live to see another one . So for me , just living in gratitude and being grateful for every moment I get has been key to my healing . " Caren Teves : "  It does n't get any easier . You just learn to fake it better . ... You get stronger carrying the weight . " Weaver : " ... just like my arm 's going to heal , so will I. And we 'll all move past this . And we 'll get stronger . " O'Farrill : "  I do hope to meet him someday . It 's something that 's been on my heart since the shooting happened . And I hope to meet him and just tell him in person , ` Look , you know , you tried to kill me but I do n't hate you , and I forgive you . And there 's only one way that 's possible and that 's through Jesus . ' " Bailey : "  No , I do n't forgive him . He took so many people 's lives , and he hurt so many other people that were n't even in the theater . He hurt families and friends and just everybody in Aurora , honestly . " Caren Teves : "  As far as forgiveness goes -- normally , I will forgive someone who asks for forgiveness . In this case , I have n't had anyone ask for forgiveness . " Tom Teves : "  God will forgive anyone who asks for forgiveness . But that also means that you have to stand up and take responsibility for your actions . " Weaver : "  There 's no doubt about it . I forgive him . I really do n't even think about him that much at this point ... I just did n't want to carry that bag of rocks on my back anymore . " O'Farrill : "  The trial starting , I think , will kind of stir things up . And it 's been something I 've really been trying to prepare myself for , you know . Talking to my counselor about it and praying on it daily , and understanding that , again , I ca n't control how it all unfolds , you know . But I can be prepared for it . " Bailey : "  I 've never been involved in something so serious . I do n't think it 's hit me . I do n't think I realize what I 'm going into . " Tom Teves : "  It does n't bring these emotions to the surface again for us . These emotions never leave for us . " Weaver : "  You start thinking about being on that stand . You start thinking about seeing the shooter right there . You start thinking about -- just all kinds of things and what 's it going to be like . And it just races in your head , if you let it , you know ? So part of the coping skills is you just do n't let it . Go do something different . Go exercise . Go hang out with your wife . " O'Farrill : "  Whatever punishment James Holmes receives is not going to be part of my closure . I certainly understand that other folks are looking forward to that and that 's their path . But we all have different paths to healing . " Bailey : "  So , like , I do n't think that if he does get the death penalty , then , I 'll , I do n't know how to word this . I wo n't be happy because that 's another person 's life . But I think he deserves it . " Caren Teaves : "  The only justice , for me ... is if that thing was in an urn on my dresser , and Alex was sitting next to us on this couch . That 's the only justice . " Weaver : "  Although I 'm not a death penalty person , if the death penalty was ever warranted in any case , it 's this case . "	Trial for Aurora theater shooting suspect begins Monday Survivors say the shooting changed their lives , but does n't define it
CNN  -- The summer vacation season is already in full swing across the United States , and for many families that means loading up the car and heading to the beach . But as temperatures rise , so do the instances of air , road and railway congestion . With America on the move , the resulting traffic jams show the poor state of our infrastructure . Lane closures , potholes , flight and rail delays all have one thing in common : a lack of adequate investment in our transportation systems . The beleaguered Highway Trust Fund , which provides money for American roads , bridges and highways , is expected to go broke soon . The White House has just said it would support legislation for a short-term fix to keep the fund going through the height of the summer construction season . The federal dollars from the highway fund help supplement states ' transportation projects across the nation to help keep travel routes safe , efficient and well maintained . This fund is vital in ensuring that U.S. roads and rails do not go from inconvenient to impassable . The fund relies primarily on revenue from the 18.4-cent-per-gallon gas tax and 24.4-cent-per-gallon diesel fuel tax . But because of a variety of factors -- from cars becoming more fuel-efficient , to states purchasing less gasoline from year to year , to the state of the gas tax  which has not been raised in 20 years  -- the trust fund is running on empty . 5 ways the highway crisis could affect you If you think our roads , bridges and rails are in deplorable condition now , just think what would happen if the trickle of federal funding ever were to run dry . If Congress does not replenish the Highway Trust Fund quickly , ongoing projects will grind to a halt and new projects will be pushed back indefinitely . States depend on the money from the trust fund at levels ranging from 15 % to 60 % of their transportation projects . An empty Highway Trust Fund would affect the entire country , but certain states and projects could be hit especially hard . California , for example , has long depended upon federal dollars for miles of roads and bridges as well as many transit projects . Without the trust fund 's capital , more than $ 2 billion worth of construction projects would be at risk . These projects range from road repairs to comprehensive transit rehabilitation projects and are of vital importance to the safety of California 's transportation network . On the other side of the country , Rhode Island could be in dire straits , too . Our smallest state depends on around $ 200 million a year to keep its transportation hub a viable connector in the Northeast and Middle Atlantic states . Without this continued federal investment , delays in Providence could worsen , clogging the entire I-95 corridor . This is not just a coastal problem , either . In Missouri , a whopping 47 % of highway and transit projects depend upon support from the Highway Trust Fund . The Missouri Department of Transportation has already been preparing to shut down many ongoing projects , with a spokesman saying : "  We 're going to be in virtually a maintenance-only mode , and even that is short of what we need to maintain our system . " State and city governments rely on the investment from the Highway Trust Fund in order to make important projects a reality . However , without action from lawmakers in Washington , many projects could be delayed indefinitely and construction workers will be sidelined . This is not only bad for travelers -- it 's bad for the economy . In fact , more than 700,000 construction jobs are at risk if the Highway Trust Fund goes broke . As the United States begins to see economic improvements following the Great Recession , a job market shock of this magnitude would be a huge step backward . Yet Congress seems poised to allow this to happen , a move that would directly affect millions of Americans -- especially those already frustrated with the delays they experience during this increasingly high-volume travel season . Americans must make Congress listen . One way is the "  I 'm Stuck " app , created by Building America 's Future as a simple , fast and secure way for people to share travel frustrations with their representative or senator . If you find yourself stuck on a highway , the tarmac or a train station , this app allows you to take a quick photo and send a message to your lawmaker . It 's a modern-day letter-writing campaign -- one that will be hard for Congress to ignore . American infrastructure is already in dire need of funding , and we can not let Congress make the problem worse by letting the Highway Trust Fund run dry . The trust fund must be replenished as soon as possible -- but a long-term , comprehensive plan for infrastructure investment must become part of our country 's legislative agenda . Congress needs to either raise the gas tax and index it to inflation or pass comprehensive tax reform that could include provisions to pay for long-term infrastructure investment . Lawmakers need to find a way -- where appropriate -- to bring in the private sector to assist and take advantage of the groundbreaking work being done at our great universities to use technology to improve our vital systems . While we are stymied on repairing our infrastructure , other countries are moving ahead with modern ports , highways and broadband . In order for the United States to stay competitive on an international level in the 21st century , we must invest in 21st-century infrastructure . The next time you are frustrated with a travel delay or stopped in traffic , pull out your cell phone and tell Congress to do its job . It just might be the wake-up call our government needs .	Marcia Hale : Summer travelers will find lane closures , potholes , flight and rail delays Hale : Crumbling infrastructure because of inadequate funding is the reason Hale : Highway Fund is dwindling , resulting in job losses , terrible bridges , roads She says Congress needs to find a long-term solution to keep fund healthy
CNN  -- As many as four African migrants from Ethiopia and Eritrea trying to cross into Israel from Egypt 's Sinai desert were shot dead by smugglers and 10 others were wounded , according to state media . The smugglers opened fire when the group refused to pay them , according to Egypt 's official MENA news agency . Egypt 's interior ministry confirmed that an investigation was under way into the incident , though its casualty figures differed . An official at the ministry told CNN that two Eritreans were killed on Egypt 's border with Israel , and that three people were wounded . Fifteen others were arrested by Egyptian border police . In total , the group consisted of three-dozen African migrants attempting to flee into Israel , the official said .	Migrants trying to flee Egypt for Israel were killed by smugglers , official media says The Egyptian government is investigating the incident There are conflicting reports on the number of casualties
CNN  -- How do you run a business effectively when your supremo is facing bribery charges over a multibillion-dollar deal ? In the case of Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone you step down as director of the sport 's holding company -- Delta Topco -- but continue to run one of the world 's most lucrative sport franchises on a day-to-day basis . The 83-year-old Ecclestone is accused of making a corrupt payment during his sale of the sport in 2006 and was indicted on bribery charges in German . He is set to go on trial in April . He denies the charges and he was not immediately available for comment when his office was contacted by CNN . Following the court 's decision , Delta Topco Limited held a board meeting to plan how best to run the F1 business . "  Mr. Ecclestone has reassured the board that he is innocent of the charges and intends to vigorously defend the case which will commence in late April 2014 , " said a Delta Topco statement . "  After discussion with the board , Mr. Ecclestone has proposed and the board has agreed that until the case has been concluded , he will step down as a director with immediate effect , thereby relinquishing his board duties and responsibilities until the case has been resolved . "  The board believes that it is in the best interests of both the F1 business and the sport that Mr. Ecclestone should continue to run the business on a day-to-day basis , but subject to increased monitoring and control by the board . "  Mr. Ecclestone has agreed to these arrangements . The approval and signing of significant contracts and other material business arrangements shall now be the responsibility of the chairman , Mr. Peter Brabeck-Letmathe , and deputy chairman , Mr. Donald Mackenzie . " Ecclestone is accused of making a corrupt payment to Gerhard Gribkowsky , a banker who worked on the sale of F1 to private equity firm CVC in 2006 . Gribkowsky was jailed for eight and a half years in 2012 after he admitted to taking bribes , an accusation which Ecclestone denies .	Bernie Ecclestone will stand trial on bribery charges , a German court announced The 83-year-old is accused of making corrupt payments during the sale of Formula One He will step down as a director of the company that owns the rights to the motorsport However , Ecclestone will continue to be involved in the running of F1
Sittwe , Myanmar  CNN  -- With a steady hand , Myanmar Red Cross volunteer Tin Tin Wae , 22 , measures out chlorine powder , adds it to a large bucket of water and begins to stir . This will eventually reach some of the 100,000 displaced people in Rakhine state who have been forced from their homes after violence swept through their communities in 2012 . Q&A : What 's behind sectarian violence in Myanmar ? In the town of Sittwe , the violence has divided the once peaceful ethnic Rakhine and Muslim communities , turning friends into enemies and driving neighbors into exile . At first glance the town appears peaceful , and the streets are bustling with people visiting shops and restaurants . But just a short drive from the town center the landscape alters with relief camps and NGO vehicles , the telltale sign that we are reaching our destination . Mozala camp houses 573 people from ethnic Rakhine communities in temporary bamboo shelters . The Red Cross is bringing in drinking water as part of its emergency relief program that distributes 8,000 liters of safe water to camps each day . The water is a lifeline for the people living in this camp . One of the residents tells me that despite other water tanks nearby , this is the only water safe for drinking . Terrorized , starving and homeless : Myanmar 's Rohingya still forgotten The cool weather in Sittwe is a shock after the oppressive heat of Yangon where we are based . People in the camps tell me they are already concerned about flooding when it rains . The tattered sandbags piled outside shelters do little to prevent the muddy , dirty water from flowing inside . In a few more months the rainy season will arrive in earnest . Will these families still be here ? We visit a Muslim camp situated further out of the main town . Because of the violence and continued tensions , the camps are divided to separately house the ethnic Rakhine and Muslim communities . Read more : Obama lauds Aung San Suu Kyi , gives a nod to Myanmar The car pulls up along the side of a busy road where a large queue is already forming outside a clinic . Red Cross volunteers inside are treating Faranarli , 14 , who was in a cycling accident . His bandaged ankle covers a series of severe cuts , and he winces , as the volunteers carefully take off the bandage to clean and dress the wounds . The Red Cross is supporting health clinics in more than 10 camps , treating patients from both communities . The need for these services is evident . Mothers are clutching babies with skin complaints , and men with bandaged arms are leaning against the fragile bamboo shelter . In this dusty and crowded camp , cuts and grazes can quickly become infected , and with limited toilets and a lack of sanitation facilities , diseases can quickly spread . The Red Cross has built toilets and wells in this camp to help respond to some of the health and sanitation challenges . Volunteers have the unenviable task of regularly disinfecting the toilets with chlorine powder . The Red Cross team has been drafted from other parts of the country to help respond to substantial needs . Read more : What a difference a year makes in Myanmar The 30 volunteers , who come for a month , live and sleep together in a small shelter in Sittwe . The conditions are basic , the work is hard , but there are no complaints . Soon a new rotation will arrive , and these teammates will return home , back to their communities , jobs and normal day-to-day lives -- an impossible reality now for the thousands of displaced families in Rakhine . The humanitarian crisis in Rakhine first erupted in June 2012 , meaning many of the families we have met over the last few days have been living in camps for up to seven months . As time passes , greater priority is being placed on providing adequate temporary shelters for families unable to return home . Several hundred "  long houses " -- temporary shelters which house eight to 10 families -- have already been built . These shelters can be seen in some of the camps we visited , but there are still not enough for the entire displaced population . In the coming months the Myanmar Red Cross plans to support the construction of up to 160 temporary shelters . While the longterm solutions to this crisis remain unclear , the need for drinking water , food , shelter and medical care are very evident . As dislocated families continue to cope with life away from home and their livelihoods , it is critical that humanitarian assistance continues to reach people in both Rakhine and Muslim communities .	Clean water is a lifeline for people living in Mozala camp in Sittwe Camps separate ethnic Rakhine and Muslim communities because of the violence The Red Cross has built toilets and wells to respond to health , sanitation challenges Need for drinking water , food , shelter and medical care are evident
CNN  -- Move over , Edward Cullen . Tell those bayou bloodsuckers from "  True Blood " to step aside , too . More than 112 years after he first climbed out of the coffin , the world 's most famous vampire is back -- and he 's bloodier than ever . "  Dracula the Un-Dead , " released this month in the United States , is a sequel to Bram Stoker 's 1897 classic written by Dacre Stoker , the original author 's great-grandnephew . The book , co-written by Dracula historian Ian Holt , picks up 25 years after the Victorian-era monster is supposedly killed in the original and is based in part on 125 pages of handwritten notes that Bram Stoker left behind . But while many of the original characters are here -- troubled couple Jonathan and Mina Harker and vampire hunter Van Helsing among them -- the horror has gotten a 21st-century update . The sex and violence that Stoker deftly alluded to in the original are , at times , front and center in his descendant 's sequel . "  You 've got to keep in mind the perspective , " said Dacre Stoker , a native of Montreal , Quebec , now living in Aiken , South Carolina . "  The degree of sex and violence he had , in this very stuffy and conservative Victorian society , was cutting edge at the time . Even the exposure of a woman 's flesh , the piercing of the flesh , was a metaphor for the sex act . " And with authors from Anne Rice and Charlaine Harris to Stephen King and Poppy Z. Brite having crafted their own , sometimes lurid , reworkings of the vampire legend , Stoker said he knew that the new book could n't just be a straight continuation of the first . "  We 've got to keep up with what other people are doing , " he said . "  Otherwise , our story would be toast . " Of all the books , movies and other tales to use Dracula 's name throughout the decades , the novel is the first since the 1931 Bela Lugosi movie to have the Stoker family 's endorsement and input . After Bram 's death , his widow , Florence , sold the story 's rights , and eventually , the most iconic character in the history of horror slipped into the public domain . Dacre said that before now , the only thing he 'd ever received for his ancestor 's work was the occasional Halloween wisecrack . "  We knew of the legacy of Bram Stoker , but as kids growing up in Montreal , it was n't that big a deal , " he said . "  Every now and then at Halloween you 'd get joked : ` Is it safe to come to the Stoker house ? Are we going to get candy or bitten in the neck ? ' " It was a college writing project that revived his interest in his novelist ancestor , a native of Dublin , Ireland , who 'd moved to London , England , by the time the book was written . Then , he was contacted by Holt in 2003 . The historian said he wanted to work on a sequel and wanted to have a member of Stoker 's family involved . Along the way , they uncovered a rare find at the Rosenbach Museum and Library in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania : Bram 's own notes . It was n't a plot outline , Dacre said , "  but what I did was find information , characters , little ideas -- plot threads that he had in mind 112 years ago that did n't make it into his story . " Among the seeds for new plotlines was Bram 's mention of a police investigator who plays prominently in "  Dracula the Un-Dead . " Dacre said he 'd always wondered at how the first book was full of murder but no police were involved . The notes also prompted the inclusion of Jack the Ripper , whose gruesome exploits gripped London around the time the elder Stoker was writing his novel and who is believed by some historians to have helped shape its plot . True fans of the vampire genre will find another historical figure they 're likely familiar with gracing the book 's pages and an even more unlikely appearance : Bram Stoker himself . "  Part of our plan was to paint a realistic picture of Bram Stoker , " Dacre said of the author , who spent time as a reporter , theater critic and manager of London 's Lyceum Theater . "  Everybody knows Dracula . Not many people know Bram Stoker . " Response to and reviews of the book have been largely positive . "  This daring sequel captures the essence and gothic glory of the original , " USA Today 's Carroll Memmott wrote . Dacre , who is touring the United States in support of the release , said he was prepared for the inevitable backlash from pure-blood purists who do n't think the original should be sullied with a follow-up . "  I have heard just a bit of it , " he said . "  People say it 's better to leave some of these mysteries alone ; let 's not solve them all . Believe me , when you read our story , you 'll know we do n't solve them all . " And he has some other advice for those diehards : Lighten up . "  This is entertainment . Go with it , " he said . "  If you do n't want to read it , you do n't have to . "	"  Dracula the Un-Dead " written by Bram Stoker 's descendant Dacre Vampire tale is more overtly violent , sexy than the 1897 original Book has prompted good reviews , handful of bitter purists Jack the Ripper , Bram himself incorporated into new story
It 's called Godwin 's law . The longer a debate rages , the greater the likelihood that someone will compare someone else to Hitler . And Hillary Clinton has done just that : On Tuesday the former secretary of state reportedly told a private fund-raising party that Russian President Vladimir Putin 's actions are similar to Hitler 's in the run up to World War II . Her quote  according to the Long Beach Press-Telegram  : "  All the Germans that were ... the ethnic Germans , the Germans by ancestry who were in places like Czechoslovakia and Romania and other places , Hitler kept saying they 're not being treated right . I must go and protect my people , and that 's what 's gotten everybody so nervous . " Of course , what also gets everybody "  so nervous " is leading statesmen comparing Putin to Hitler and , thereby , raising the specter of another world war . It 's unlikely that Clinton intended to gain politically from these remarks -- and they were carefully qualified . She added that "  there is no indication that Putin is as irrational " as the German dictator was . But they could indicate that if she wins the 2016 election , America might gain a slightly more forceful president in foreign affairs , someone more willing to engage directly in Europe than Obama has . You may recall that in the 2008 primaries she was the Democrats ' hawk candidate -- so much so that Ann Coulter preferred her to John McCain  Coulter called her "  our girl "  . But was Clinton right ? Mostly no . It is true that Putin 's justification for intervention in Ukraine is similar to Hitler 's , that is , threatening to invade a sovereign territory to defend his ethnic brethren . But the situation is complex , and the historical comparison is tenuous at best . Opinion : Has Putin broken international law ? After all , in the eyes of many ethnic Russians , it is the Ukrainian nationalists -- not Putin -- who are the Nazis . The Russians have asserted , quite accurately , that the revolution that overthrew a pro-Russian , democratically elected leader has resulted in the elevation of Russophobe fascists into key government positions . For example , the new secretary of the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council is Andriy Parubiy -- co-founder of the Neo-Nazi Social-National Party of Ukraine  SNPU  . Another creator of the SNPU is Oleh Tyahnybok , a high-profile leader of the Kiev protests who has blamed Ukraine 's problems on a Jewish conspiracy run out of Moscow . Ukraine 's new deputy secretary of national security is Dmytro Yarosh , leader of the Right Sector group , which regards Tyahnybok as a soft liberal and which flies the old flag of the Ukrainian Nazi collaborators at its rallies . In other words , in this situation , who exactly are the Nazis ? Putin 's ethnic Russian nationalists ? Or the fringe of the ethnic Ukrainian nationalists ? Neither is particularly pleasant . Of course , the Ukrainian Nazi movement is small , and Ukraine is dwarfed by Russia , which puts Putin in the role of the dominant regional power picking on a small country and exploiting its extremist politics for the purpose of propaganda . But Putin is still no Hitler , because he lacks the German Fuhrer 's global vision . Opinion : Putin 2014 vs. Putin 2004 Hitler worked by an all-encompassing racist ideology that dreamed of turning Europe into a giant living space for his people . Putin -- the leader of a democracy , albeit a highly corrupt and politically stagnant one -- simply meddles in the affairs of countries that could reasonably be said to fall within his country 's historical sphere of influence . Ukraine was a part of the Soviet Union until two decades ago  whereas Crimea was part of Russia until 1954  , the country contains millions of ethnic Russians and , crucially , it has Russian military installations that are key to Russia 's strategic interests . In other words , a Russian invasion of Ukraine is not going to be a stepping stone to the invasion of France . Unfortunately , it may well be a stepping stone to involvement in the affairs of the Baltic states -- which are firmly in NATO and the EU . This is why Putin 's latest ambitions have to be checked . Nevertheless , calling Putin Hitler is careless . Even reckless . As Marc Tracy points out in the New Republic , it 's historically insensitive and ignores the tapestry of cultural clashes and political calculations going on . It smacks , too , of the Manichean division of the world between good and evil that permeated the war on terror and led to so many terrible mistakes and so many American deaths overseas . Worse , still , is that such provocative language should be applied to a confrontation with a state like Russia . We are dealing with a major power with nuclear weapons that has the capacity to reduce the world to so much irradiated ash . The West needs to be careful with its words .	Timothy Stanley : Hillary Clinton compared Putin 's Ukraine moves to Hitler 's in 1930s He says the comment was ill-considered ; Putin 's justification is similar , but not much else He says Ukrainian nationalists are more Nazi-like , and Putin not planning Europe invasion Stanley : If Putin eyeing Baltic states , which are in NATO , EU , his ambition must be checked
CNN  -- The message will have been heard loud and clear across Europe . Bayern Munich , themselves on the end of a thrashing in the European Champions League semifinals last year , dished out one of its own on Tuesday . The German champions , led by former Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola , raced into a five-goal lead over Italian side AS Roma in their group stages clash , with just 36 minutes on the clock . It was a devastating display of attacking football that left the thousands of fervent fans gathered in Rome 's Olympic Stadium shell shocked . Except , of course , for those 5,000 supporters who had made the trip from Germany . Guardiola is aiming for a hat-trick of Champions League triumphs after securing two during his four-year spell at the Spanish giants . And if it carries on like this , Bayern will prove a tough nut to crack in the competition 's latter stages . The rout began on eight minutes , Dutch international Arjen Robben cutting inside former Chelsea defender Ashley Cole to bend a shot into the far corner . Mario Gotze , whose winning goal sealed a World Cup triumph for Germany in Brazil , made it two after swapping passes with international teammate Thomas Muller . Poland striker Robert Lewandowski made it 3-0 with a fine header from Juan Bernat 's cross before Robben grabbed another , similar to his opener . When Kostas Manolas was adjudged to have handled inside his own area , Muller stroked home the penalty to make it 5-0 in front of a stunned stadium . Things did improve for Roma in the second half as Ivory Coast midfielder Gervinho got them on the scoresheet with a close range header , but it was only a brief respite . Substitute Franck Ribery made it six , clipping the ball into the net after a precise through ball from Robben , before another sub -- Xherdan Shaqiri -- made it seven from close range . It brought back painful memories for Roma of another seven-goal mauling , when it lost by the same scoreline to English side Manchester United back in 2007 . Bayern 's third win from three outings saw it take firm control of Group E , with Roma second on four points . Roma boss Rudy Garcia said : "  We collapsed tactically and in terms of our aggressiveness . We let them play and they 're too good for that . I was the first to make mistakes ; it 's not the players ' fault . " Incredibly , Bayern 's 45 minute heroics were bettered by Ukrainian side Shakhtar Donetsk , who raced into a 6-0 lead over BATE Borisov in Belarus at halftime to set a new Champions League record . Shakhtar went on to win 7-0 , Brazilian striker Luiz Adriano becoming only the second player to score five goals in a Champions League game , after Barcelona 's Lionel Messi . Those 15 goals across two matches helped bump Tuesday 's tally to 40 across the eight games , a new record for the continent 's most lucrative club competition . News of Bayern 's triumph will have provided succor for Manchester City , who were stunned by a late CSKA Moscow equalizer in Group E 's other encounter , in Russia . For the second time in a month its 18,600 capacity Arena Khimki was closed to fans after sanctions from European soccer 's governing body relating to incidents of racism . A controversial late penalty from Bebars Natcho canceled out goals from Sergio Aguero and James Milner meaning the star-studded Premier League holders now face an uphill task to qualify from its group . The match was played out in sub zero temperatures and in front of just a handful of spectators after UEFA decreed CSKA 's stadium must be closed to fans for its next three European games . UEFA charged the club with racism for the third time in a year after troubled flared among its fans during CSKA 's defeat to AS Roma in September . The first came almost a year ago , when City 's Ivorian midfielder Yaya Toure was subject to racist chanting from the stands . Toure reacted furiously saying at some point UEFA had to ban a club "  for a couple of years . " CSKA hit back , saying the incident had been "  very exaggerated . " There were no such flashpoints on Tuesday , given only a clutch of people were present to witness another poor European performance from City . It had eased into a two-goal lead inside 38 first half minutes as it looked to register a first win in this season 's competition . A ball over the top from David Silva put Edin Dzeko in on goal and he unselfishly squared for Argentina striker Aguero to tap into an empty net . Less than 10 minutes later , Aguero 's shot from inside the box fell perfectly for England international Milner to slide in and convert . But as the match wore on City retreated , and after Ivory Coast international Seydou Doumbia had polished off a Ahmed Musa cross , he enticed Aleksandar Kolarov into a clumsy tackle , allowing Natcho to tuck home the penalty . When asked how City had let its lead slip , manager Manuel Pellegrini told Sky Sports : "  Because football is 95 minutes , we have scored two goals and had clear chances to score more but we did n't . "  I do n't want to talk about the referee . We have nine more points to play and I am confident we will qualify . " Elsewhere , Lionel Messi moved within two goals of Raul 's all-time Champions League scoring record with Barcelona 's second goal in its 3-1 win over Dutch side Ajax . Neyamr scored the opening goal before the Argentina struck his 69th Champions League goal , Sandro Ramrez adding a late third . English Premier League leaders Chelsea thrashed NK Maribor of Slovenia 6-0 at Stamford Bridge , Didier Droga scoring his first goal for the club since rejoining prior to the start of the season . Eden Hazard netted twice . An 87th minute strike from Uruguay forward Edinson Cavani helped French champions Paris Saint-Germain to a 1-0 victory over Apoel Nicosia in Cyprus . A goal in the dying seconds from Eric Choupo-Moting sealed a 4-3 success for German club Schalke in a epic encounter with Portuguese side Sporting Lisbon . But there was better news for Portugal as Porto registered a 2-1 victory over Spanish outfit Athletic Bilbao , courtesy of Ricardo Quaresma 's winner . Football : Ronaldo 's 100M friends	Bayern Munich beats AS Roma 7-1 in the European Champions League The German champions raced into a five goal lead after just 36 minutes Shakhtar go 6-0 up before the interval against BATE Borisov in Belarus A total of 40 goals scored across eight matches setting a new record
Menachem Bodner is a soft-spoken 73-year-old , who thinks carefully before he describes his first memory as a three-year old child . "  I remember my mother . What she was wearing . A green skirt with white flowers and a white blouse , " he says in Hebrew . "  On the left , there was a bed and my brother was sleeping . I remember I had a brother . " That memory is crucial . Until a few months ago , Bodner had no evidence his brother even existed . Bodner is a survivor of Auschwitz . He was four-and-a-half when the camp was liberated in January 1945 . In the chaos and confusion , he does n't remember how he came to be separated from his brother , but he sought a way out . "  I was in the camp . A man came in who was looking for his wife and daughter , " he recalls . "  I stood before him and asked if he would be my father . He picked me up in his hands and took me out of the camp . " His adopted father named him Bodner and took him to Israel where he now lives . Over the years , his father searched for his adopted son 's birth family . At first , there were some positive responses , but after a number of false hopes , Bodner gave up the painful process of trying to find his family , and began to wonder if his memories were simply dreams . Then last year , urged by his grandchildren , he tried again , posting the only clues he had on the internet : A photo of himself , aged five , and another that he believed was a family photo . Genealogist Ayana KimRon responded to his post . She took one look at that family photo and knew it was not his . "  I said that 's not your family . He said , ` Yes , that 's me , I 'm the baby . ' I said , ` No , if that 's you where is your brother ? Where is the other baby ? ' I could see he was shocked at that . " Bodner has no memory of how he obtained the photo , only that it was in his pocket the day Auschwitz was liberated . At first , he was crushed . One of the few clues he had was a false start . But KimRon reminded him that he had another lead , one he would never forget , because it is tattooed on his arm . The blue ink is faded and stretched , but Bodner quietly reads the Auschwitz ID number that will never be erased : A 7733 . Now he is looking for A 7734 : The number of his identical twin brother . KimRon checked the numbers against official Auschwitz records now archived at the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial in Jerusalem . She discovered Bodner was born Eli Gottesman , in Ukraine . He had an identical twin named Jeno , who was last seen by Allied doctors in Auschwitz . "  We know that he was declared healthy on February 9 , 1945 , by medical staff , " KimRon says . "  That is really the last factual reference that I have . " KimRon also found other , more disturbing records , showing that the twins were subjected to experiments by Josef Mengele , the Nazi doctor dubbed the "  Angel of Death " for his gruesome experiments on humans , particularly twins . Perhaps thankfully , Bodner has no memory of that . KimRon has not ventured further into the Nazi historical archives in Berlin to find out more about what happened to Bodner in the camp , and he insists he does not want to know -- but he does want to trace his brother . Now , the pair have turned to social media for help , setting up a Facebook page , A 7734 , which has been viewed more than a million times . Each time the page is shared , KimRon hopes it brings them one step closer to finding Jeno . Several nurses have contacted her after seeing what might be the matching tattoo . "  It 's like a thread , " KimRon explains . "  There 's three types : One that leads to nowhere . One you think will go somewhere , and you reach a deadlock . And then there 's one that takes you to your destination . " Bodner 's grandchildren tease him that he has become an internet celebrity , even learning some of the lingo . "  I 'm like a virus ! " he tells KimRon , as she explains the meaning of "  going viral . " KimRon has also discovered more surprises about Bodner 's family , including the fact that he had a baby brother , Josef , who died in Auschwitz . Bodner 's birth father also died there but his mother , Roza Gottesman-Berger , not only survived several Nazi concentration camps , but returned to her home village of Stroino on the Ukraine-Hungary border , hoping to find her children . "  I saw her signature on the document registering her acceptance of war aid , and the hair stood up on the back of my neck , " KimRon recalls . "  I am not a graphologist , but you could see , or I think anyway , she had character , strength despite all that had happened . And she listed the names of her sons too . It was as if she was saying : ' I am here . I am still here . ' " That document is the last evidence of Ruth Gottesman-Berger . KimRon does n't know exactly what happened to her , though stories from extended family members and villagers say that shortly after her return , she was rounded up with other returning Jewish refugees and shot dead by Nazi-sympathizers . KimRon says she has no way of confirming that . The thought of his mother returning to their home village in search of her children makes Bodner both sad and proud . "  I am proud of this woman who did not lose hope and continued to look for us , " he tells CNN . "  It was a difficult journey in terrible conditions . I would not believe someone could survive all that . "  I think I am also a survivor . Maybe it 's in the genes . Maybe it 's in my brother 's genes as well . We just keep going . " Last year , Bodner returned to the village where he was born for a visit . He met neighbours who described his family as happy , his father a well-regarded doctor and his mother a talented seamstress . They told him they remembered the boisterous blonde twins who played near the house . "  I closed a circle , " he says . "  It was just good to know that what I was dreaming was real and not my imagination . " Bodner knows only too well that even if he finds Jeno , it may be too late . Asked what he would say to his brother , his answer is stoic . "  I 'm sorry that I did not start looking for him sooner , " he says quietly . "  There were so many years that I was afraid of even touching the subject . " The search for Jeno is a source of both joy and pain for Bodner , but he is committed to finishing it . There is one more discovery that has surprised him : His birthday . Until now , he had always celebrated January 27 , 1945 , the day he left Auschwitz , as his birthday , instead of his real date of birth . So , which day does he choose to celebrate now ? "  Both , of course ! " he says with a smile . "  There is a lot to celebrate . "	Menachem Bodner , born Eli Gottesman , survived Auschwitz as a child and was later adopted Now aged 73 , he is trying to trace his twin , Jeno , who he last saw at the concentration camp He hopes social media , including Facebook , will help him find his long-lost brother The pair , originally from Ukraine , have "  matching " camp ID tattoos : A 7733 and A 7734
CNN  -- On the morning of August 5 , my uncle , Satwant Singh Kaleka , and five other innocent people were gunned down in our place of worship , the Sikh Temple in Oak Creek , Wisconsin . The tragedy left us wondering what it will take to stem the growing tide of hate crimes and violence plaguing our nation . The Senate is holding a hearing on domestic terrorism on Wednesday , and I hope it will do more than simply offer my community a chance to vent frustrations and appeal for sympathy . My hope is that the hearing provides an opportunity for Americans to come together and identify solutions . We need to be aware that the killings in Oak Creek , as well as recent attacks on the mosque in Joplin , Missouri , and more than a dozen others across the country , will continue if we turn a blind eye to domestic terrorism . It is a significant , growing threat to our safety and freedom as Americans . We must ensure our safety within our own borders before we can hope to address violence elsewhere . According to the FBI , between 1980 and 2001 , two-thirds of terrorist attacks in America were carried out by non-Islamic American extremists . That rose to 95 % between 2002 and 2005 . A recent study by the New America Foundation found that non-Islamic U.S. citizens were behind 10 attacks from 9/11 through 2011 , while jihadists carried out four . During the same time , 11 white supremacist , anarchist or right-wing extremists were caught with biological or chemical weapons -- anthrax , cyanide , ricin or sarin -- and four attempted to acquire them . The study found not a single jihadist terrorist possessed or tried to acquire chemical or biological weapons . Eleven years after 9/11 , who are the terrorists ? Even more worrying is that radical right groups are growing explosively , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center . Yet appallingly , our government has not only failed to increase its efforts to monitor this threat , but in 2009 , it decreased efforts , leaving only one staffer in the Department of Homeland Security 's domestic terrorism unit , according to Daryl Johnson , a senior domestic terrorism analyst from 2004 to 2010 . We know there are at least 1,018 domestic hate groups in the United States today , many of which promote and explicitly call for violence against those of a different skin color , religion or ideology . How long can we keep our heads in the sand , and how long must we sit by as more innocent people die because a person decides that he wo n't tolerate the cultural or religious diversity of our nation -- our melting pot ? A coward killed my uncle . A coward , not because he went into a place of worship and took the lives of six unarmed people , and not because he took his own life rather than facing the consequences of his actions . He was a coward because he did n't have the courage to see the humanity of the people around him . He -- like all terrorists -- killed people because they were not like him , because they were different . The reality is we are all different from one another , and that means we are all potential targets for such violence . This problem affects each and every one of us , so it 's imperative that we act decisively , and act now . This is not a problem that is simply going to go away . The government agencies charged with defending our freedom and safety must make it a priority to fight terrorism not just abroad , but right here at home . And we as the citizens must rid ourselves of the hate speech and the xenophobia -- including Islamophobia -- that divides us . This is particularly true of our leaders . Opinion : What if U.S. stops policing the world ? We can not give into the cowardice of prejudice . As the great Franklin Delano Roosevelt once said , "  We are a nation of many nationalities , many races , many religions -- bound together by a single unity , the unity of freedom and equality . " Together we can -- together we must -- address this challenge by calling on our elected officials to do their duty : defend the safety and freedom we as all Americans cherish . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kanwardeep Singh Kaleka .	Kanwardeep Kaleka : Sikh community optimistic about hearing on domestic terrorism Kaleka 's uncle was killed in the Sikh temple massacre carried out by American Kaleka : Homegrown terror groups are growing fast and present a real threat The government must make it a priority to fight terrorism at home , he writes
CNN  -- "  When the history is written of this era , this is how you 'll be remembered : ` He was the first black president . ' Okay , not a bad accomplishment , but that 's it . That 's it , Mr. Obama . " -- Michael Moore We have become used to sky-is-falling rhetoric from filmmaker Michael Moore , but what is n't hyperbolic about the sentiment packed into that quote is the disappointment many supporters of Sen. Barack Obama have in President Barack Obama . Earlier this year , one in four Democrats and two in three Independents said this administration has let them down , according to a CBS News/New York Times Poll . It seems once the euphoria of 2008 wore off , voters were shocked to learn the country 's first black president was n't as radical as his election . He 's shown himself to be idealistic but methodical . A compassionate figure with a thing for drones and kill lists . These days , he is thinking legacy . But what will history say about the man who was voted into office with a mandate to end the war in Iraq and now will likely leave that office with a new war in Iraq trailing behind ? As the bombing in Syria by the United States , and to a lesser extent , a cadre of allies , was getting under way , Obama delivered a thoughtful address to the United Nations on Wednesday . He called out Arab nations that "  accumulate wealth through the global economy , and then siphon funds to those who teach children to tear it down . " He dared to challenge Muslims to reject those who rally around a bastardized version of the Islamic faith and then use that doctrine to justify chaos . He spoke of a crossroad between "  war and peace , " "  disorder and integration , " "  fear and hope . " Remember that word ? Hope . It was the word Obama used to ignite the movement that would lift him from his position as a little-known junior senator from Illinois into the White House and onto the world stage . He promised to change the way things had always been . Now Moore and others are disappointed because they believed him . After winning the Iowa Democratic caucus in January 2008 , Obama told the rabid crowd that the country was choosing unity over division and that "  this was the place , this was the moment where America remembered what it means to hope . " Six years later , a Gallup poll found fewer Iowans approve of the job Obama 's doing than the national average -- 38 % to 43 % . What will history say about the man who encouraged immigrants to dream big and then left them hanging for the sake of the midterm election ? Who has overseen 54 consecutive weeks of private-sector job growth , the longest stretch in history . Who pledged to close Guantanamo Bay . Who OK 'd the mission that led to the death of Osama Bin Laden . Who promised to be transparent . In 2007 , Oprah Winfrey gave a speech in support of Obama . She said , "  We need a new way of doing business in Washington , D.C. and in the world . ... I 'm tired of politics as usual . " And yet here we are . George W. Bush left Afghanistan and Iraq for Obama to sort through , and now it is likely Obama will leave behind Iraq and Syria for his successor . Opinion : America 's wartime president At the U.N. , Obama explained in detail why it was important to defeat ISIS . Instead of a soaring delivery , he spoke plainly about the choices that lie in front of us all , intelligently shifting the point of emphasis from destroying terrorist groups to derailing their instruments of recruitment , funding , and their very philosophy . "  No God condones this terror , " he said . "  There can be no reasoning -- no negotiation -- with this brand of evil , " he said . "  The only language understood by killers like this is the language of force . " And then he reiterated that he is prepared to lead in this force for the remainder of his presidency . It was the kind of rhetoric we were accustomed to hearing from his 2008 opponent , Sen. John McCain , who has yet to see a war he did n't want us to be a part of . It was the kind of rhetoric his 2012 opponent , Mitt Romney , said would make him the better leader . It was the kind of rhetoric that has become as much a part of Obama 's complicated legacy as the Affordable Care Act , the rise in LGBT rights and the slow , but real , economic recovery . Syria now becomes the seventh predominantly Muslim country in which he has authorized military strikes . Perhaps his earlier persona contributed to his resistance to do so sooner , despite the advice of his inner circle . When one takes power under the guise of a peaceful change agent , one should pause before ordering airstrikes , if for no other reason than not wanting to contribute to the Earth 's carnage . But for the next two years , he is committed to doing just that . He does n't have much of a choice , really . Terrorists are reportedly developing articles of clothing that explode . I shudder to think what will be in store for airline passengers dealing with TSA screenings if such a thing comes to pass . How will history remember Obama ? What will his legacy be ? It appears a lot of that will depend on how many people the U.S. kills before he leaves office . That 's not why many of us voted for him , but I guess the rest of the world did n't get the memo . We voted not to bomb people . To end the wars . To stop spying . I wonder if he 's as disappointed in the way things have turned out as the rest of us .	LZ : Syria bombing a reminder that Obama is not the president his supporters expected Polls show Dems , independents disappointed . Will war , in the end , be Obama 's legacy ? Elected as war-ending change agent , Obama spoke this week about U.S. strikes on terror LZ : Despite Obamacare , better economy , and more , many are disappointed . Is Obama too ?
CNN  -- After an eventful first term marked by humanitarian crises , a global recession and the Arab Spring , Ban Ki-moon announced Monday his intention to seek a second five-year stint as the United Nations ' secretary-general . Ban voiced his hope of staying in place at a news conference Monday in New York , where the United Nations is headquartered , hours after sending letters to members of the U.N. General Assembly and Security Council . "  It has been an enormous privilege to lead this great organization , " Ban said . "  If supported by the member states , I would be deeply honored to serve once more . " Four and a half years earlier , in October 2006 , the former South Korean foreign minister was elected by the 192-member U.N. General Assembly to succeed Kofi Annan . This vote followed a straw poll days earlier in which 14 of 15 members -- with one having no opinion -- of the U.N. Security Council recommended Ban , then-Chinese Ambassador Wang Guangya said . He is the world body 's eighth secretary-general and the first from Asia since U Thant , from what is now Myanmar , who served from 1961 to 1971 . Upon his election , Ban indicated that ending violence in the Sudanese region of Darfur and tackling climate change were among his top priorities . There has been progress on both fronts , including a recent vote to create an independent state in southern Sudan and evolving negotiated frameworks to address global warming , though significant challenges remain . Ban has also found himself and the United Nations at the forefront of many crises that few anticipated in 2006 . The past year , especially , has been tumultuous given the massive earthquake , tsunami and subsequent nuclear crisis in Japan ; the wave of popular unrest in the Arab world ; and the continued fallout from the ongoing global economic crisis . The secretary-general addressed all these issues , as well as long-standing priorities such as nuclear disarmament , the Middle East peace process and fighting AIDS and other global health maladies , on Monday . "  These 4 1/2 years have been marked by extraordinary challenge for the United Nations and the international community , " he said . "  We can be proud of what we 've accomplished together . " Saying he has sought to be a "  bridge builder " who seeks to find "  common ground , " Ban has had few public adversaries over his first term and is expected to easily win re-election . A top diplomat for one U.N. state , French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe , called Ban 's intention to seek a second term "  very good news . " "  The U.N. and the international community can rely upon him , his very solid experience and his authority , " Juppe said in a statement , adding that Ban "  has worked unstintingly for peace , as well as development , on behalf of the United Nations . He has shown courage and determination in a period of crisis . "	Ban Ki-moon sent letters to U.N. members noting his intent to run for re-election He calls himself a "  bridge builder " who seeks to find common ground His first term has been marked by economic , environmental and political crises
CNN  -- Kimberly Bratic hauled her gear up Afghan mountains . She went into areas where Taliban lived . She grieved when fellow soldiers were blown up by a suicide bomber . She missed her family for a year , and heard the worry in her sons ' voices when she got the rare chance to call home . She lay awake , thinking , "  What if I do n't make it home ? " The only difference between the 39-year-old single mom and the men she went on 70 missions with was their job titles . U.S. lifts ban on women in combat The guys were combat infantry . She was a public affairs specialist , the person who documented their experience training Afghan military and police . "  I do n't think the enemy would really know the difference if he decided to shoot , " she wrote in a CNN iReport . On Thursday , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta announced that the Pentagon was doing a 180 on its long-standing policy against putting women in combat roles . The branches have until mid-May to come up with a plan to implement the historic and controversial change in the next couple years . "  Mr. Panetta 's decision is just unchecking a box , " Bratic told CNN . "  Because we 're already out there and just as likely to get shot up . " She understands that men and women have different strengths and many women wo n't be able to endure the physical demands of training for combat positions . Former troops say time has come for women in combat units But she 's worked with several women , including female Afghan soldiers , who definitely could . "  They want it ? Give them the chance to go for it , " she said . That is all the sergeant wanted when she enlisted two and a half years ago . Despite having a master 's degree in operations management and a bachelor 's degree in human resource management , Bratic was struggling to find a job in northwest Ohio . Rent was due , the bills were piling up and she had three sons to feed . Then one evening a friend off-handedly said that she should think about the Army . With her education , she could likely enlist as an officer , he told her . "  I thought , ` No way , not me , " Bratic recalled . "  But I went online and started reading all these articles and blogs about Uncle Sam wants you . " She looked up what she might potentially earn -- $ 3,000 a month , including hazard pay in a war zone . "  It started making sense , " she said . But convincing herself was n't really the problem . Letting mom go to Afghanistan Bratic was the kind of mother who always talked reality with her sons , then 9 , 10 and 18 . They hated that their mother was often gone , juggling a couple low-paying part-time jobs , including being an adjunct professor . "  They knew I was trying to pay bills , " she said . "  It was hard for them . They just wanted me to come home and have family time and I just could n't . " So she sat them down and together they looked at the websites of the National Guard and the Navy . They just played around a bit , watched the slick videos that look so cool . She told them what she wanted to do . "  My oldest , who was starting to think about taking care of himself , understood it , " Bratic said . "  But the two little ones , they were worried . My middle one had the hardest time . He was the most fearful . " The 10-year-old , Cresston , watched the news . He knew what it meant when Americans in uniform went to Iraq and Afghanistan . By the numbers : Women in the U.S. military But what could he do ? What could the brothers really say ? Mom was going to do what she felt she had to . And if she went away , even if it was a long time , maybe afterward she would have money and they could spend more time together . Bratic called her ex-husband . The boys ' father did n't like the idea , but he was a good dad . He agreed to care for them while she was gone . Being in a foreign country at war is frightening . Being afraid you could die is haunting . But being away from your children in that environment is uniquely anguishing . "  That mom side of you ... I could n't look at Afghan kids . I just shut it off . You 'll tear yourself up thinking about your kids , " she said . "  Your head has to be in the mission . " She was definitely focused . In the span of six months , she went on 70 missions , assigned to the 37th Infantry Brigade Combat Team . She worked closely with Brig. Gen. Abdul Habib Sayed Khail . It was the infantry 's job to help train Afghan troops so that they can secure Afghanistan when the United States draws down its troops . Bratic said her role was not only to photograph what was happening but also to serve as a mentor the Afghans , including female American and Afghan police and service members . She also mentored Lt. Abdul Mohammed , her male Afghan public affairs counterpart . "  I felt like there was a lot of respect for me , " she said . "  I was older and that probably helped . But I respected them . I was a guest in their country , and my guys , the group I was with , established up front that I was to be respected . " But Bratic was constantly aware and alert , knowing about the increasing problem of "  green-on-blue " attacks in which Afghans have turned their guns on their U.S. trainers and fellow Afghan soldiers . She neither played up nor played down her gender . "  The Army is 14 % female so I 'm already outnumbered , " she said . "  You just do n't think about the guys you 're around as eye candy or potential husbands . But you still take care of yourself . I put my hair back every day . I wore Chapstick because my lips would get so dry . And I put eyeliner on because I look deadly without eyeliner . " A uniformed woman in Taliban country Bratic recalls a favorite mission in Khawajah Bahawuddin in the northeastern region of Badakhshan . The area had not seen NATO forces for years , and no women . "  The potential for disaster was high . We had intel that Taliban were in the area . I had no idea how the people there would react . When we got there , everybody was eyeballing me . I was the woman , the oddity . " The plan was to be there for a while . Gen. Habib took them to a shrine to Ahmad Shah Massoud . A key political and military leader in the Afghans ' fight against the Russians in the 1980s , Massoud is a national hero in Afghanistan . If he had not been assassinated on September 9 , 2001 , some believe he would have gone on to find Osama bin Laden and help the United States and its allies in a way that no one else could . While she stood there , holding her camera , Habib told her how Massoud was killed . His attackers pretended to be journalists doing an interview . Their camera was a bomb . Bratic thinks about that day when people ask her why she went to Afghanistan . It started out as a way to make money , but it became about more . She is like every soldier , regardless of gender , who is changed by a war and hopes that their families get that . When she returned to Ohio , her boys ran to her . They embraced their mom . Her son Cresston , though , needs her attention right now . He does n't want her to leave again , and she opted to be inactive for now , with the Army Reserve . But she wants to go back badly . Unlike many of the younger soldiers who served with her who banked their earnings , she had to constantly send money back home to pay the bills . She 's afloat for now , living again in Ohio . She spends some of her time blogging about her military experience at Afghanbattlefox.com . But mostly she 's sending out resumes and making phone calls . She 's still had no luck finding a job .	An unemployed single mom with bills to pay decides to enlist in the Army In Afghanistan , Kimberly Bratic worked with a combat team One of her three sons struggled with her decision to leave She just got home to Ohio and still can not find a job
Washington  CNN  -- For overweight Americans , and those looking for a healthier lifestyle , the claim was almost too good to be true -- wear Skechers Shape-ups footwear and watch the pounds melt away . At a news conference Wednesday , the Federal Trade Commission said the shoemaker 's claims were n't true and alleged Skechers violated federal law by misleading consumers . According to the FTC , Skechers agreed to pay a hefty $ 40 million fine to settle charges the California-based company deceived consumers by making "  unfounded claims that Shape-ups would help people lose weight , and strengthen and tone their buttocks , legs and abdominal muscles . " The company enlisted high-profile celebrities Kim Kardashian and Brooke Burke to sell the shoes . Besides Shape-ups , Skechers also made deceptive claims about other products including Resistance Runner , Toners and Tone-up shoes , the FTC alleges . "  Skechers ' unfounded claims went beyond stronger and more toned muscles . The company even made claims about weight loss and cardiovascular health , " said David Vladeck , director of the FTC 's Bureau of Consumer Protection . As part of the settlement , customers who bought Skechers "  toning " shoes will be eligible for refunds either directly from the FTC or through a court-approved class-action lawsuit , officials said . Wednesday 's announcement was the culmination of a months-long investigation involving the FTC and attorneys general from 44 states and the District of Columbia . FTC officials highlighted a Skechers television ad featuring the endorsement of chiropractor Dr. Steven Gautreau . In the ad , Gautreau cited an "  independent " clinical study he conducted testing the shoes ' benefits . The FTC said the study results Gautreau promoted were n't factual , and alleged the company hid the fact that Gautreau is married to a Skechers marketing executive . The FTC also said Gautreau was compensated for his endorsement , which was n't made clear in the commercial . Skechers introduced Shape-ups in 2009 , and sales peaked a year later . The FTC called Skechers an industry leader in the booming business of toning footwear . Estimated sales were close to $ 1 billion industrywide in 2010 , the FTC said . The toning shoes Skechers sold cost between $ 60 and $ 100 a pair . As part of an expensive campaign to promote the fitness benefits of Shape-ups , the company unveiled a scantly dressed Kim Kardashian peddling the shoes during the Super Bowl in 2011 . Brooke Burke 's ads claimed the shoes would help improve her cousin 's posture , mother 's legs and give her brother a tighter core . Additionally , Burke 's ad told consumers "  the newest way to burn calories and tone and strengthen muscles was to tie their Shape-up shoe laces , " the FTC said . "  The FTC 's message , for Skechers and other national advertisers , is to shape up your substantiation or tone down your claims , " Vladeck said . Under the FTC 's settlement , the company is barred from any advertising making similar claims unless it 's backed up by scientific evidence . What Skechers plans to do with the Shape-ups brand remains to be seen . An ad featuring Burke touting "  the next generation of Shape-ups " remained on the company 's website Wednesday morning . According to the FTC , the commission files a complaint when it has "  reason to believe " that the law has been or is being violated . The FTC says despite Skechers agreement to pay a fine , the complaint is not a court ruling or an admission that the company violated any law .	FTC official : Skechers ' claims "  went beyond stronger and more toned muscles " They also said shoes would help "  weight loss and cardiovascular health , " official says Customers who bought Skechers "  toning " shoes will be eligible for refunds Sales of toning footwear approached $ 1 billion industrywide in 2010 , FTC says
Nina Pham was the first person to catch Ebola on U.S. soil , and now , 13 days after testing positive , she has been declared free of the deadly disease . Her first order of business will be to hug her dog , Bentley , she said Friday . She invoked God and science in expressing gratitude for her ongoing recovery from a disease that has no established cure . "  I feel fortunate and blessed to be standing here today , " she said . "  Throughout this ordeal , I have put my faith in God and my medical team . " Later Friday , President Barack Obama met Pham in the Oval Office and gave her a big hug . Prayer sustained her , and she thanked people around the world who prayed for her , Pham told reporters Friday at a National Institutes of Health hospital in Bethesda , Maryland . The nation saw a cheerful and composed Pham , dressed in a bright turquoise top and matching necklace , when she strode to a bank of microphones moments after Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , said she was free of the virus . Complete coverage of Ebola She thanked Dr. Kent Brantly , the American physician who also survived Ebola , for donating his plasma to her while she was sick . But she 's not entirely out of the woods , she said . "  Although I no longer have Ebola , I know that it may be awhile before I have my strength back , " Pham said . "  So with gratitude and respect for everyone 's concern , I ask for my privacy and for my family 's privacy to be respected as I return to Texas and try to get back to a normal life and reunite with my dog , Bentley . " Bentley , a Cavalier King Charles spaniel , remains in quarantine until the end of the month in Texas , but Pham "  will be able to visit , hold and play with him tomorrow , " Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins said Friday . "  I know that will be good for both of them , " said Jenkins , who oversees the Ebola response in Dallas . A ` stressful and challenging ' time Pham , 26 , who grew up in a Vietnamese family in Fort Worth , Texas , graduated with a nursing degree in 2010 and just months ago received a certification in critical care nursing , which deals with life-threatening problems . The Ebola experience , she said , was a "  very stressful and challenging " time for her . Without direct reference to the continent , she alluded to how Ebola has ravaged West Africa in an unprecedented outbreak that the World Health Organization says has caused almost 10,000 confirmed or probable cases of infection and 4,877 deaths as of this week . "  I am on my way back to recovery even as I reflect on how many others have not been so fortunate , " she said . White House press secretary Josh Earnest called Pham 's case "  a pretty apt reminder that we do have the best medical infrastructure in the world . " "  The track record of treating Ebola patients in this country is very strong , particularly for those who are quickly diagnosed , " Earnest said . "  The fact that she has been treated and released I think is terrific news . " The first to catch virus on U.S. soil Can pets get or spread Ebola ? Pham was among the doctors and nurses in Dallas who treated Thomas Eric Duncan , the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the United States . His diagnosis came after he returned from a trip to West Africa , and he died on October 8 . Three days later , Pham tested positive for the Ebola virus , becoming the first person in the United States to contract Ebola on American soil . That sent waves of anxiety through the network of health care workers -- and beyond . Latest Ebola developments Those anxieties deepened on October 15 when a second nurse in Dallas , Amber Vinson , tested positive for Ebola . Vinson had flown from Dallas to Cleveland and back , prompting an airline to warn passengers on both legs of her trip as well as passengers who took subsequent flights on an aircraft she used . Some schools closed . Health departments monitored dozens of people . None of them has tested positive for Ebola . Pham said Friday that her thoughts are with Vinson , who is getting treatment for Ebola at Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital . Vinson is steadily regaining her strength , and her spirits are high , her family has said . Doctors can no longer detect the virus in her body , but they have not yet determined when she will be discharged , the hospital in Atlanta said Friday .	President Obama gives a big hug to Nina Pham in the Oval Office Pham will be able to hold her dog , Bentley , though he remains quarantined Pham says "  it may be awhile before I have my strength back " The nurse contracted the Ebola virus after treating a patient in Dallas
A Catholic website has posted a gruesome video , claiming it shows Syrian rebels beheading a monk . Catholic Online -- a news and information outlet -- put the video on its website Monday . It shows the slaughtering of three people in northern Syria 's Idlib province . The site says one of the three is Father Francois Murad . Read more : Plight of child brides in Syria Those carrying out the acts "  speak Arabic with a broken accent , saying that through this act , they are applying the law of God , " Catholic Online says . People in the crowd appear to be taking videos of the executioners . "  It is very important the world knows that Christians are being murdered for their faith , and that martyrdom is n't an ancient phenomenon , " Catholic Online said in a report Monday . "  This should make it clear to Christians around the world what jihadists are about . Make no mistake . Catholics and Christians around the globe are under dire threat , particularly from the spread of militant Islam . Until the threat is recognized and taken seriously , martyrdoms like this will continue . " Read more : Angelina Jolie turns spotlight on Syria A Vatican spokesman said he was not aware of any video showing the execution of the monk , whose death the Vatican announced last week . The office of the Custodians of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem said to its knowledge there is no such video . Catholic Online cites local sources linking the militants who killed the monk to Jabhat al-Nusra , an Islamist rebel group regarded as a terrorist entity by the United States . "  The video CLEARLY depicts the beheadings of these victims , " Catholic Online said . "  DO NOT follow the link unless you are over the age of 18 , and are prepared to view content of this nature . " The images renew the daily fears of Christians in the Middle East . They have had a longtime presence in the region and have faced violence , persecution and displacement in recent years . Read more : Returning to Syria 's ghost town Christians in Syria have been caught in the crossfire of the country 's civil war , in which a government dominated by minority Alawite Muslims is squaring off with a rebellion dominated by Sunni Muslims . They 've also faced hostility in other places , such as Iraq during the war last decade and in Egypt in recent years . Last week , the Vatican noted the monk 's death in a news release , saying it occurred June 23 in Gassanieh -- a predominantly Christian village in the district of Jisr al-Shughur in the province of Idlib , near the border with Turkey . "  The village had been under attack from Islamist rebels for the past few weeks , forcing the majority of the population to flee , " the Vatican said , citing the Rev. Pierbattista Pizzaballa , head of all Franciscans in the Holy Land . "  When Fr . Francois tried to oppose resistance to defend the nuns and other people , the guerrillas shot him , killing him , " it said . The violence in Syria since March 2011 has been well-recorded in homemade videos that have surfaced daily . Constant examples of brutality by President Bashar al-Assad 's forces have emerged . Over the past year , there also have been a growing number of images showing rebel brutality . More than 100,000 people have been killed in the conflict , which began as peaceful opposition to the al-Assad regime . As the regime cracked down on the protesters , the conflict morphed into a full-blown civil war .	Catholic Online : "  Martyrdom is n't an ancient phenomenon " Christians have been caught in the Syrian civil war 's crossfire Sources say the militants are linked to Jabhat al-Nusra , Catholic Online says
While about a quarter of adults in the United States suffer from some form of mental illness , most of them are not getting adequate treatment , if any . In the age when there 's an app for everything , it 's no surprise that there are a lot of smartphone tools out there claiming to help people cope . From informational resources to interactive mental wellness programs , there 's plenty out there to choose from . And even if you do n't have a diagnosed mental illness , you may benefit from recognizing the triggers of bad moods or creating ways to enhance positive thinking . Do n't mistake your phone for a therapist , but some mental health professionals are encouraging their patients to use mobile apps as a way to supplement their care . "  You can definitely utilize and capitalize on the smartphone technology to create tools that people have with them all the time , " said Kristen Mulcahy , a psychologist in Falmouth , Massachusetts . Mulcahy came up with the idea for an app for people with obsessive-compulsive disorder that is a fully comprehensive tool with versions for children and adults . Patients with OCD have unwanted thoughts and anxieties that trigger repetitive behaviors . The Live OCD Free app for iPad or iPhone makes use of a well-tested treatment for OCD called exposure and response prevention . The technique forces patients to face their fears head-on without engaging in compulsions . Users can practice this with , for instance , leaving the house without checking the door lock multiple times , over a given time period . If they give in before the timer is up , there 's a "  Just Gave In " button . The user can also create an audio recording of an obsessive thought to listen to on loop , in order to practice enduring it without doing a repetitive behavior . More than just a tool to use on your own , the app can help the user 's therapist see progress over time by generating charts that can be e-mailed . "  It holds  patients  a lot more accountable , because they know I 'm going to be able to see everything they are or are n't doing , " she said . The price tag is steep at $ 79.99 , but it may help patients cut back on their more expensive in-person sessions a lot faster , Mulcahy said ; the app is a "  surrogate therapist . " Tracking your body with technology For less than a dollar , there are a variety of tools available to address other aspects of mental health . Dr. Rakesh Jain , psychiatrist at the University of Texas Medical School at Houston , uses a free mood tracking app called Moody Me by MedHelp . Users can upload photos that correspond with different moods , from "  manic " and "  excellent " to "  horrible " and "  depressed . " You can delve deeper into what 's causing the mood by with a list of relevant emotions , symptoms and events . Users who are taking medications can also note them in their daily mood entries . The app also creates graphs of moods over time so users can detect patterns . Moody Me also has a social feature , where users can share their moods with their friends . There are "  Ask a Doctor " forums with advice from real experts on a variety of topics and communities for discussions around specific mental disorders . Jain also gets his patients to use a body weight tracker called BMI by NutriSystem to track their body mass index , since depression is a mind-body disorder . Although BMI is an imperfect indicator of health , studies have shown that depression and BMI are linked . His favorite app is called Live Happy , which costs 99 cents . It was developed in collaboration with Sonja Lyubomirsky , a psychologist at the University of California , Riverside , and the company Signal Patterns . The app offers happiness-boosting activities wherever you go . For example , the "  Best Possible Self " activity asks you to take 15 to 30 minutes in a quiet place and reflect on what your life will be like ideally in five years , including the life goals you want to accomplish . There 's a "  Strive " section where you can identify goals and characterize them , too . Part of this app is also expressing gratitude . You can call , text or e-mail a person whom you appreciate . A "  gratitude journal " allows you to jot down things that you are thankful for in your life . The "  Replay Happy Days " activity leads you through the exercise of remembering happy moments to replay positive emotions . "  It is extremely scientifically based and  an  unusually powerful app , " Jain said . If you are n't sure whether what you 're feeling could be classified as depression or anxiety , there 's a free tool called depressioncheck . This app offers a three-minute screening for anxiety and depression . Of course , it 's not meant to replace a real mental health professional 's evaluation ; you should seek consultation with a licensed therapist before trying to make any diagnoses on your own . For those who have bipolar disorder , there 's an app called Bipolar Disorder Connect . This free app is a gateway into a community of people living with bipolar disorder . Users ask each other questions and talk about treatments . Finally , the National Center for Telehealth and Technology , part of the U.S. Department of Defense , has put out an intriguing suite of mental health apps as well . PTSD Coach , co-created by the VA 's National Center for post-traumatic stress disorder , includes a PTSD self-assessment and information about the condition . Relaxation skill tools and anger management techniques are part of the program . It is intended for veterans and military service members . And for a simple guided relaxation program , check out Tactical Breather , from the same group . A voice guides you through inhalations and exhalations that , according to the website , "  can be used to gain control over physiological and psychological responses to stress . " It was developed for combat situations but can be used by anyone for stress management at any time .	The Live OCD Free app makes use of OCD therapy techniques Live Happy encourages positive thinking and goal-setting Many mental health apps are free or cost less than a dollar
Mashable  -- The new-this-year-yet-somehow-already-ubiquitous Facebook Like button has been around just long enough to generate some interesting numbers relating to Facebook users and web traffic . The button , which launched in April at f8 , Facebook 's developer conference , is now present on roughly 2 million sites around the web , from sports sites to news organizations and many other kinds of publishers . A media analytics lead on Facebook 's Developer Network Insights team crunched some numbers and found that Facebook Likes not only generate interesting data about the "  likers "  a.k.a. Facebook users who are also active on your website  themselves ; this data also speaks volumes about clickthrough rates , time on-site and other engagement metrics . Stats about people On average , a Facebook user who "  likes " your content has more than double the number of friends than does a typical Facebook user . This could mean the user is more "  social " or more influential ; on the other hand , it could mean the user is an attention-seeking narcissist . While it 's fatuous to read too much into that statistic , the number does show that the average "  liker " is more active from a social-web standpoint . An even more interesting stat about the likers is that they click on five times more links to external sites than the typical Facebook user . If clickthroughs are what you 're looking for from your social media strategy , this is good news . Here 's a stat just for news sites : The average Facebook user who "  likes " content on a news website is 34 -- that 's about 2 decades younger than the average newspaper subscriber . We 've known for some time that the future of journalism and social media are , at this point , inextricably linked ; this stat provides a little hard evidence for that conclusion . Stats about traffic Most website owners are aware that Twitter refers a ton of traffic . It 's meant to be a content-referral network , so link-sharing and clickthroughs are a given in many cases . The Facebook "  Like " button , however , might be bringing Facebook closer to competing with Twitter in the area of referral traffic , though . Since the button launched and was integrated on millions of sites , many publishers are reporting large increases in traffic specifically due to this kind of social plugin . ABC News reported a 190 percent increase ; Gawker 's traffic shot up by 200 percent ; Sporting News said their site traffic was up by a shocking 500 percent ; and NBA.com said that Facebook had become their second-largest referral source . Facebook relays messages from publishers saying that these users "  are more engaged and stay longer when their real identity and real friends are driving the experience through social plugins . " As an example , NHL.com reported that pages per user was up by 92 percent , time on-site was up by 85 percent , video-viewing increased by 86 percent more videos and overall visits went up by 36 percent . Clearly , Facebook is only part of social media referral traffic , but it 's becoming a larger part as the network grows and users become accustomed to interacting with third-party and external content from within the comfort of their social graph .  2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook like button is now present on roughly 2 million sites around the web User who "  likes " your content has more than double the friends than a typical user Button bringing Facebook closer to competing with Twitter in the area of referral traffic
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Not your average great-great grandfather , Fauja Singh has completed nine 26-mile  42-kilometer  marathons since taking up long-distance running just over a decade ago . On Sunday , the 101-year-old Sikh finished his final competitive race in Hong Kong , putting an end to a sporting career that has raised thousands of dollars for charity and been an inspiration to many around the world . Nicknamed "  Turbaned Tornado " by fans for his distinctive traditional headwear , Singh said he began long-distance running in an attempt to lift the depression that engulfed him after he witnessed the death of his son . "  I suffered a tragic incident in my life , a traumatic experience ; I took up running as a new focus in life . And then marathon running developed from there , " he told CNN at a training session before Sunday 's race . He completed the 10-kilometer route that wound its way along Hong Kong 's harborfront in one hour 32 minutes and 28 seconds -- four minutes faster than his time last year despite a small stumble . "  Five or six kilometers into the race , I really decided to go for it , " he said . "  I had lots of power today because I was very happy . " Singh moved to the UK from India following the death of his son and entered his first marathon in London in 2000 aged 89 . In 2011 , Singh became the first centenarian on record to complete a marathon after finishing the Toronto Waterfront Marathon in 2011 in eight hours and 11 minutes and six seconds . He was also a torchbearer for the 2012 Olympics and was featured in Adidas ' "  Impossible is nothing " advertising campaign . "  He 's focused , determined and single minded ... he 's never set out to break records , " said his trainer Harmander Singh , who has been coaching him for 13 years . Although the Hong Kong event was Singh 's last competitive race , his coach said the centenarian will still run for pleasure . "  He 's my best student , I would say , which is ironic because he 's twice my age . " As he hangs up his running shoes , Singh told CNN he had no secret diet or training regimen . He attributed his success to a simple love of the sport . "  It 's because of the happiness I get out of it . If something makes you happy , you 'll do it well . " CNN 's Aloke Devichand , Elizabeth Joseph and Diego Laje contributed reporting in Hong Kong .	Fauja Singh , 101 , completes final race in Hong Kong The great , great grandfather has run 9 marathons Took up long-distance running after death of son Attributes success to love of the sport
Malakal , South Sudan  CNN  -- South Sudan forces have captured a disputed oil-rich area along the border with Sudan , escalating tensions between the two longtime rivals and threatening a return to war . Sudan claims the oil fields in the town of Heglig , which account for about half of the nation 's oil production . A spokesman for South Sudan 's military said Wednesday that his country 's soldiers have been defending the territory from attacks by Sudanese forces for the past two days . South Sudan 's military now occupies oil fields and other areas of Heglig , according to Philip Aguer , the spokesman . "  That is South Sudan , " he said . "  Khartoum has refused to demarcate the border . We know where the border is . " Sudan also claims ownership of Heglig and lodged complaints with the United Nations Security Council and the African Union on Wednesday , urging them to pressure South Sudan to withdraw troops from its territory . Sudan 's parliament approved "  general mobilization " of the country 's resources to support the military . It also voted to withdraw from negotiations with South Sudan that have been ongoing since the South declared independence last July . Aguer called the parliamentary decisions "  a public relations exercise " and accused Sudan of carrying out attacks even during the peace talks . "  There was no negotiation as far as I am concerned , " he said . "  The SPLA  South Sudan military  at the border were being bombed even when the politicians were talking . " Sudan has repeatedly bombed southern territory since independence , including the November attack of a refugee camp in the neighboring nation 's Unity state . South Sudan fought a two-decade civil war against the government in Khartoum , which led to secession . When they separated , South Sudan acquired three quarters of Sudan 's oil reserves . The two countries have been locked in negotiations about how much the landlocked South Sudan should pay to use a pipeline and processing facilities in the north . In late July , South Sudan halted oil production after accusing Sudan of "  stealing " $ 815 million worth of its crude . Sudan said it confiscated the oil to make up for unpaid fees . The African Union-led negotiations also cover other outstanding issues since secession , including the status of citizens of both countries who find themselves living on either side of the world 's newest international border . The fate of the Abyei region and other disputed border areas are also a point of contention . Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir was scheduled to travel to the southern capital of Juba earlier this month to meet with his counterpart Salva Kiir . The presidents were to sign agreements on citizenship and border demarcation , but Khartoum canceled the trip after fighting broke out along the border . South Sudan 's sovereignty officially broke Africa 's largest nation into two , the result of a referendum last year overwhelmingly approved by voters . The referendum was part of a 2005 peace deal that ended decades of civil war pitting a government dominated by Arab Muslims in the north against black Christians and animists in the south . The war killed about 2 million people .	The oil-rich border area remains disputed between Sudan and South Sudan Sudan claims the oil fields in the town of Heglig The oil fields account for about half of Sudan 's oil production .
Northern Nigeria  CNN  Charred ground and cinders mark the sites where once thousands of homes stood . That 's according to a series of satellite images released Thursday by Amnesty International , which the rights group said shows the "  horrific scale " of the devastation wrought by Boko Haram militants . As they 've trickled out , accounts of the bloody attacks on the northern Nigerian town of Baga and surrounding villages have shocked even those all too used to reports of violence by Boko Haram militants . Witnesses told how the attackers sped into the town on January 3 with grenade launchers -- their gunfire and explosions shattering the early morning calm . Some terrified residents fled , while others took refuge in their homes -- and were torched with them . Local officials reported death tolls ranging from hundreds to as many as 2,000 people . But authorities have yet to access the remote area near the border with Chad to get a full picture . Amnesty International said that satellite images taken on January 2 and five days later "  provide indisputable and shocking evidence " of the extent of the destruction in Baga and neighboring village of Doron Baga , also known as Doro Gowon . The before-and-after images demonstrate that the attacks left more than 3,700 structures damaged or destroyed , the rights group said . More than 3,100 of those were in Doron Baga , which was "  nearly wiped off the map , " it said . Other nearby towns and villages in Borno state were also targeted in the series of attacks that started on January 3 . "  These detailed images show devastation of catastrophic proportions in two towns , one of which was almost wiped off the map in the space of four days , " said Daniel Eyre , Nigeria researcher for Amnesty International . "  Of all Boko Haram assaults analysed by Amnesty International , this is the largest and most destructive yet . It represents a deliberate attack on civilians whose homes , clinics and schools are now burnt out ruins . " Many of the wooden fishing boats that can be seen along the shoreline in the images of Doron Baga from January 2 are gone in the later images , the group said . This agrees with witness accounts of desperate residents fleeing by boat across Lake Chad . Another rights group , Human Rights Watch , has also published satellite imagery that it said showed the results of fires set by Boko Haram . The rights group said 11 % of Baga and 57 % of Doro Gowon were scarred by the flames . Asked by CNN about the Amnesty satellite images , Mike Omeri , coordinator of Nigeria 's National Information Center , said , "  This is a government that analyzes any and all sources of information . " Amnesty International last week described the massacre as possibly Boko Haram 's "  deadliest act " yet . The Nigerian military said that description was "  quite valid . " "  The attack on the town by the bloodhounds and their activities since January 3 should convince well meaning people all over the world that Boko Haram is the evil all must collaborate to end , " it said . Nigeria 's government has called for Boko Haram to be seen as a problem requiring a concerted international response , as seen after the terrorist attacks in Paris last week . On Wednesday , a new message surfaced from Boko Haram 's leader , Abubakar Shekau , in which he praised again and again the deadly rampage at the Charlie Hebdo offices in France . "  Nigeria has always said this is a global challenge and viewed as such requires global military action , " said Omeri . "  The combatants we capture are often not even Nigerian . They do n't even speak our languages . What started as copycat attacks is now a newly devised network . " The government has come under fire from critics who say President Goodluck Jonathan is more interested in campaigning for the presidential election next month than in dealing with the problem of Boko Haram . Soldiers who spoke to CNN in northern Nigeria painted a troubling picture when asked about their efforts to take on the Islamist extremist group . They said Boko Haram outgunned and outnumbered the military on the battlefield . While the militants are equipped with anti-aircraft guns on the backs of trucks that have a range of three-quarters of a mile , they have only AK-47 weapons , with a range of a few hundred yards , the soldiers said . Adding to their difficulties , they are issued only 60 bullets when they go into battle , they said , while the Boko Haram fighters have many more . Many soldiers also have to buy their own uniforms and lack protective gear , they said . Morale is low , and this is one of the reasons that Boko Haram is making gains on the battlefield , they said . Responding to the claims that the military is outgunned , Omeri said : "  Nigeria is in the process of acquiring new equipment and we will continue to intensify those efforts . " In a rare piece of good news , Nigerian soldiers thwarted a Boko Haram attack Wednesday in the town of Biu , in southern Borno state , the military said . The Nigerian Defense Headquarters said five terrorists and two anti-aircraft guns were captured . Officials gave no casualty tolls , but residents told CNN that at least 40 Boko Haram fighters were killed when Nigerian soldiers surprised them and fought a lengthy gun battle . Omeri said , "  We 've always said this is an ongoing process . We 're happy that this success has come in quick succession to Baga . We hope more will be achieved . " The continuing violence has displaced many people from their homes . Of the 30,000 people displaced during the attacks around Baga , 20,000 camped in Maiduguri city , capital of Borno state , while another 10,000 headed to Monguno town , nearer Baga . Others were stranded on Kangala Island on Lake Chad . "  These people are adding to the hundreds of thousands of internally displaced people and refugees , who have already stretched the capacity of host communities and government authorities , " Amnesty International said . "  Amnesty International is calling on the governments of Nigeria and Chad to ensure these displaced people are protected and provided with adequate humanitarian assistance . " Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , and bombing government buildings . It has also kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls who were abducted in April -- and remain missing . The Islamist group has said its aim is to impose a stricter form of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from northern Nigeria , and Laura Smith-Spark reported and wrote from London . CNN 's Brent Swails , Faith Karimi and Aminu Abubakar contributed to this report .	Satellite images from before and after a Boko Haram attack show the scale of damage Amnesty International : More than 3,700 structures were burned in two communities
On Tuesday afternoon 's epsiode of "  Anderson Live , " host Anderson Cooper told viewers he sunburnt his eyes on a recent trip to Portugal , and was subsequently blind for 36 hours . Cooper said the injury occurred while he was on the water , without sunglasses , for an extended period of time reporting for CBS 's "  60 Minutes . " "  I wake up in the middle of the night and it feels like my eyes are on fire , my eyeballs and I think , ` Oh , maybe I have sand in my eyes or something , ' " Anderson said . "  I douse my eyes with water . Anyway , it turns out I have sunburned my eyeballs and I go blind . I went blind for 36 hours . " TIME.com : A wristband that tells you when to get out of the sun Just how common is sunburning your eyes ? According to Dr. Deborah Sarnoff , senior vice president of The Skin Cancer Foundation and practicing dermatologist at Cosmetique in New York , sunburns to the extent of Cooper 's does n't happen too often , but it is possible if you 're not wearing the right protection . "  We have sunscreen we can put on our skin , but we do n't have eye drops that offer a protective film for the cornea , so it is really important that everyone , and especially people with fair or light eyes , wear sunglasses that protect against both UVA and UVB rays , " says Sarnoff . According to Sarnoff , the outer eyeball layer , known as the cornea , is similar to the outer layer of skin . When it is burned by the sun 's rays , the cornea becomes inflamed -- an effect called keratitis -- which can be quite painful and , as in Cooper 's case , can cause temporary blindness . For someone like Cooper , who has light irises , there is a higher risk of burns . And like sunburns on the skin , burning your cornea causes cumulative damage . "  In the short run you heal , but in the long run sometimes the damage builds . We can get a sunburn , and we can heal from it , and the inflammation can go away , but it can add to the chronic damage and put us at risk for skin cancer , " says Sarnoff . Eye issues like cataracts , skin cancer of the eyelids and melanoma in the retina are all possible risks from sun-damaged eyes . TIME.com : Sunburn and indoor tanning still putting young people at risk for skin cancer Thankfully , with numbing and antibiotic eye-drops , it only takes a couple days to recover . "  The good news is that our bodies are very regenerative , and we have regenerative powers in both the top layer of our skin , and on top of the cornea . We are always replacing the skin and corneal cells , " says Sarnoff . "  It takes time , but within a few days you can be better . " Even during the winter , you should protect your eyes from dangerous rays -- particularly when they are reflected off bright surfaces such as snow . To keep your eyes safe , wear sunglasses and a hat with a three inch brim , advises Sarnoff . If you do get a burn , see your ophthalmologist right away . This story was originally published on TIME.com . Anderson Cooper 's eyeburn : How common is eye damage from the sun ?	Anderson Cooper sunburnt his eyes while on water without sunglasses Such severe sunburns are possible without eye protection , expert says Wearing sunglasses to protect against UVA and UVB rays are important Sunburns can add up , causing long-term damage to our eyes
New York  CNN  -- For much of this year , we 've read about the Arab Spring uprisings , leading to the downfall of leaders in Egypt , Tunisia and Libya . Now , we 're facing the prospect of a more fundamental overhaul in western nations : a European Union Winter . The ongoing fiscal crisis in the eurozone is taking its political toll on the leaders of the troubled economies . One by one , they fall . In the south , developments are accompanied by drama . Greece 's George Papandreou resigned , after two years in office , as a precondition for the creation of a coalition government in Greece . Italy 's Silvio Berlusconi , whose fall has been predicted for years because of his business dealings and private life choices , has stepped down . But the dominoes do n't stop with these Mediterranean countries . Nicolas Sarkozy of France faces a close to impossible re-election in the spring . The French are weary of austerity , but their country will continue to have to make cuts in order to withstand market pressures and hope for a return to growth . Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany is faring badly in the polls as the economy there slows down and the money for bailouts will most likely need to increase . Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , is not even seeking a third term in the November 20 elections . Unemployment is at 21 % and the economic downturn there continues . Regardless of the fates of these leaders , several overriding questions remain . What will citizens need to understand in order to accept a significant change in lifestyle and prospects ? After ousting one set of politicians will they then be willing to go through the pain of more austerity and elusive growth , or will each new government face even stronger opposition ? Is there a realistic way out of this financial crisis that does not entail hardship for the people ? Citizens do not appreciate experimentation . They value a clear road map they can understand : It has a beginning , a middle and an end . Conflicting opinions , the residue of a democracy , nonetheless breed confusion and a false sense that somewhere , someone is hiding the easy way out . People then search for scapegoats and saviors , identify conspiracies and blame the powers that be . Coalition governments alone will not be sufficient for people to get on board . A clear pan-European plan that will unite the continent should be immediately under way . The largest political groups , such as the European People 's Party , the European Socialists , European Liberal Democrats and the Greens , to name a few , must come together with the EU Commission and undertake this challenge . The commission has been working on economic proposals to address the fiscal crisis and the economic governance in the EU . There are talks about treaty revisions . But there are also , concurrently , discussions about moving to a two-speed Eurozone . This only heightens insecurity and resentment . But there is some good news . Many of the unifying elements are already in place . Across the European Union there is consensus on the transition to a low-carbon economy , to create green jobs , protect the environment , invest in education and R&D and to manage resources more efficiently . The EU has treaties binding members together , and over the decades a strong European identity has emerged that helps citizens feel at home throughout the EU and adds value to their national identity and heritage . Sadly , the current fiscal crisis has wreaked havoc and obscured all these positive policies that helped make Europe what it is today : a modern society that provides political , economic and personal security to its many peoples . Europe has strengthened its democratic institutions , provided funding for its weaker members , incorporated new members after the fall of the Iron Curtain , given voice to its citizens and led the way in reversing the effects of climate change , the greatest challenge of our time . What Europe needs now is more , not less , Europe . In a world where size matters , Europeans need to re-start the engines and not allow the fiscal crisis or the markets to send them back to the days when borders , national enmities , national currencies and nationalism itself ruled the day . Today 's world requires cooperation on every front , and the economy is just one more test we need to pass , one challenge we have to face in order to move confidently into the future as Europeans who are writing a new chapter in our common history . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sophia Kalantzakos .	One by one , leaders in Europe 's troubled economies are falling , says Sophia Kalantzakos Kalantzakos : Will each country 's new government face even stronger opposition ? Coalition governments alone will not be sufficient for people to get on board , she says A pan-European plan that will unite the continent should be urgently under way , she says
London  CNN  -- The ceiling collapse that injured dozens of people at a London theater involved "  no criminal act , " police said Friday in an initial assessment . Police said the investigation into Thursday evening 's collapse of the ceiling of London 's historic Apollo Theatre , in the heart of the capital 's buzzing theater district , will be continued by the Westminster City Council . Investigators combing through the wreckage want to know what caused part of the century-old structure 's ornate plaster ceiling to tumble onto the crowd who packed the nearly sold-out show . Nine people were seriously hurt in the collapse , but there were no fatalities , the London Ambulance Service said Friday . "  It could have been a lot worse -- there were about 720 people in the auditorium at the time , and a large area of the ceiling came down , " said London Fire Brigade 's Kingsland Station Manager Nick Harding . Three injured people were trapped under debris and had to be rescued by firefighters , he said . Some of the "  walking wounded " were treated in neighboring theaters , he added . London Ambulance Service said it helped 79 people , 56 of whom were taken to local hospitals . Some had head and back injuries , while others had breathing problems or cuts and scrapes . Images from inside the Apollo , which opened in 1901 , showed planks , plaster and other debris strewn across the dusty , red plush seats . The drama unfolded shortly after 8 p.m. Thursday , about 40 minutes into the play , "  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time . " "  One of the actors said , ` Watch out ! ' " said one woman . "  We thought it was part of the play . " It was n't . Instead , it was part of the plaster ceiling collapsing and dropping down five stories onto the theatergoers below . ` Somebody screamed ' "  We heard a creak , somebody screamed , somebody from over there said , ` Look out ! ' and then the ceiling kind of creased in the middle and then just collapsed , " said Hannah , who with her husband had snagged one of the last pairs of tickets to the performance in the 775-seat theater . Though she said she felt "  slight panic , " she credited those around her for keeping calm . "  It was n't every man for himself , " she said , noting that several of her fellow theatergoers checked on those around them . "  Everyone was looking out for each other , and in a couple of minutes , everyone was out . " Martin Bostock , who was with his wife and two children , said he thought the cave-in was part of the show until something very hard hit him on the head and chaos and panic erupted . "  You could n't see across the room because of the dust , which we were all breathing in , " he told CNN . "  It was absolutely horrific and very terrifying . I was with my wife and two kids . Thank God , we got out . " Another theatergoer , Simon Usborne , said : "  My view of the stage was immediately obscured by this dust and debris -- some other people have said it was like an avalanche , and that 's probably a better description . " No alarm sounded , but it was clear that something serious had happened , he said . "  Everybody knew that something was wrong and the fear was then that more might come down , so everybody immediately dashed for an exit -- people were screaming -- I was fortunately close to an exit , " he said . Harding , who said the theater had been evacuated in a swift and orderly way , told reporters Friday it was too soon to speculate on the cause of the collapse . Some observers have speculated that heavy rain over London earlier Thursday evening might have played a part . The Apollo is on Shaftesbury Avenue near Piccadilly Circus , in London 's Soho district , which is usually packed with tourists , shoppers and diners at theater time . The area around it was cordoned off after the collapse as bloodied and dust-covered theatergoers stumbled onto the street . The local London authority , Westminster City Council , said Friday morning that the Apollo Theatre 's roof is now "  secure , " but what led it to give way was not known . Historic theaters are required to undergo rigorous roof safety checks every three years , the council said . ' A freak , unusual accident ' Many people with tickets for shows over the busy holiday period will want to know that they are not at risk of falling victim to a similar offstage drama . There are nearly 50 major theaters in the West End of London , of which 26 are at least 90 years old . The Society of London Theatre , which represents the theater industry in the capital , sought Friday to reassure those alarmed by the events . "  Our theatres entertain over 32,000 people in central London every night and all theatres take the safety of their audience , performers and staff very seriously , " it said in a prepared statement . "  Every theatre undergoes rigorous safety checks and inspections by independent experts , and incidents like last night are extremely rare . " The society 's president , Mark Rubinstein , told CNN on Friday there had been no warning of any problem with the Apollo 's ceiling . "  It was a freak , unusual accident -- we have no idea what caused it , " he said . "  Obviously our sympathies are with anyone who was injured or affected by it . " Rubinstein said he did not anticipate the incident would affect London 's "  booming " theater business . "  I do n't expect it 's going to change anything , " he said . "  All of the other theaters are open tonight . We are expecting business as usual . It 's the holiday season , it 's a very busy time of year and we expect our theaters to be full . " London Mayor Boris Johnson had a similar message . "  Whilst this was a serious incident , London 's world renowned theatreland is open for business , and thousands of theatregoers will rightly be out and about tonight and over the weekend , " he said in a prepared statement . "  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time , " which was adapted for the stage from the 2003 mystery novel by British writer Mark Haddon , is about a 15-year-old boy 's investigation into the death of a neighborhood dog . Haddon tweeted Thursday night of his relief that the situation was no worse . "  It 's been horrifying sitting here watching what has been happening at the apollo this evening . I 'm hugely relieved that no-one has died , " he said . Performances of the play were canceled through Saturday , the Society of London Theatre said . It was not clear what would happen for future shows . Nimax Theatres , which owns the Apollo , is "  working closely with the relevant authorities to establish exactly what happened , " the society said . CNN 's Nic Robertson reported in London ; Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London and Tom Watkins in Atlanta . CNN 's Max Foster , Antonia Mortensen and Ashleigh Cowie contributed to this report .	"  It was a freak , unusual accident , " says president of Society of London Theatre Investigators start to probe what caused the Apollo Theatre 's ceiling to come down The collapse injured scores of theatergoers , some of them seriously "  It could have been a lot worse , " firefighter says of the incident
Mashable.com  -- John wants to share some level seven Energizing Lotion in FarmVille ! How many times have you seen a similar sentence in your Facebook News Feed and either wondered what it means , or  if you 're familiar with Farmville and other popular Facebook games  removed the message in disgust ? Facebook is aware of the problem . While some users -- 200 million of them , revealed Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg at a Gaming Event in Palo Alto -- enjoy playing games on the service , others are n't interested . According to Facebook , users either "  love playing games or hate them , " and the company so far did n't have "  the right tools to enable developers to grow their games while at the same time providing a great user experience for non-gamers . " Thus , Facebook has devised a plan to make games less annoying to non-users , and more engaging to gamers at the same time . The first part is relatively easy : Facebook will simply be showing application stories only to users who are already engaging with the application , meaning that people who do n't play Farmville wo n't have to endure Farmville-related posts in their feeds . If Facebook decides you are interested in games , it will be displaying full game stories  instead of collapsed ones  in the News Feed , as well as adding prominent counts to those stories to highlight tasks that need to be completed within a game . Bookmarks will get smarter -- apps will be automatically bookmarked and reordered based on actual usage . Finally , Facebook will start notifying users when their friends start playing a game  in addition to highlighting their activity within the game  . From the users ' perspective , these are welcome changes , especially for non-gamers who wo n't be pestered by constant game-related notifications . From the game developers ' end , it remains to be seen whether these improvements will alleviate the fact that gaming-related notifications will now be less aggressive than before .  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook is trying to limit updates about games , such as FarmVille , that some users find annoying According to Facebook , users either "  love playing games or hate them " Apps will be automatically bookmarked and reordered based on actual usage Gaming-related notifications will now be less aggressive than before
CNN  -- Garth Brooks , one of the biggest country stars of all time , said Thursday he is coming out of retirement after nine years away from the music business , and will start a concert engagement in Las Vegas . Garth Brooks performs during inaugural festivities in Washington in January . Brooks made the announcement at a press conference at the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville , Tennessee , followed later in the day by a second press conference at the Wynn Las Vegas hotel after flying an entourage of media from Nashville . At the Wynn , he announced he had agreed to a "  series of special engagements , " as a press release phrased it . How it came about depended who you asked . "  Steve asked me to come out here , " Brooks , wearing his traditional black cowboy hat , told the audience of reporters in Las Vegas , as he sat next to casino owner Steve Wynn on an auditorium stage .  Earlier , Wynn said Brooks had approached him .  Brooks sampled a room Wynn had suggested , putting on a show for more than 1,000 people , and said he was unsure about settling in for a long-term arrangement . "  I told him he could n't afford me -- I was wrong , " Brooks said . Watch Brooks talk about his decision to come out of retirement " Brooks has three daughters -- 17 , 15 and 13 -- to whom he 's devoted , and he told Wynn he wanted to make sure he was home in Oklahoma to be with his children until the last one graduates from high school . So Wynn got Brooks a plane ; the singer will work one show Fridays , two shows on Saturdays and one Sundays , and be back home for Monday morning . "  Did I tell you about the plane ? " Brooks asked , more than once , when reporters inquired how he would pull things off . The Vegas engagement is not a kickoff to a tour , according to spokeswoman Nancy Seltzer . "  If he tours again , it still wo n't be until his youngest goes to college , " Seltzer told CNN via text message . Brooks stressed that situation at the press conference . He wo n't be recording new albums or touring , he said : "  The only place you 'll see me is here . " Brooks , 47 , was one of country 's biggest stars in the 1990s . His albums , including "  Ropin ' the Wind , " "  The Chase " and "  In Pieces , " sold in excess of 100 million copies , according to the Recording Industry Association of America . Brooks also was renowned for his concerts , which were energetic affairs in which he drove himself and his band hard . Brooks has had his missteps , most notably a 1999 concept album credited to an alter ego rock singer , Chris Gaines . Though the album received positive reviews , his traditional audience did n't know what to make of it , and the rock audience did n't respond . A film about the life of Chris Gaines was shelved . Brooks announced his retirement in 2000 , saying he wanted to spend more time with his family . His last album of new material , "  Scarecrow , " came out in 2001 , though he 's lent his voice to occasional tribute singles and concerts , including a performance for President Obama 's inauguration festivities this year . Brooks is married to fellow country singer Trisha Yearwood , whom he wed in 2005 . Brooks will work at the Wynn Las Vegas 15 weekends a year . Every three months or so , Brooks said , he 'll make a decision about continuing and exactly which weekends . "  As innocent and as simple as this business can be , is what this deal is , " Brooks said . Tickets will cost $ 125 a seat , Wynn said . The first show will be December 11 . Tickets go on sale October 24 . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : Garth Brooks to perform at "  series of special engagements " in Vegas Retired since 2000 , Brooks has done tribute singles , sang at inauguration festivities Country singer , one of the biggest of all time , announced comeback in Nashville Brooks dominated the '90s with albums such as "  Ropin ' the Wind "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A 219-year-old document that stemmed from alcohol tariffs to pay off Revolutionary War debts -- and signed by Alexander Hamilton -- became the property of The National Archives on Thursday . This document , signed by Alexander Hamilton , discusses tools for customs agents to determine alcohol content for imported spirits . The historic letter , which has been the property of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives  ATF  for the past 35 years , chronicles the federal government 's earliest efforts to regulate alcohol . In the document , Hamilton , the first United States secretary of the Treasury , discusses tools for customs agents to determine -- for tax purposes -- the alcohol content of St. Croix rum and other imported spirits . Historians said the document is a notable footnote in American history . In 1789 and again in 1790 , Congress imposed alcohol tariffs to pay Revolutionary War debts . In response to the tax on imports , Americans began distilling their own spirits . And when the federal government began taxing those beverages , citizens staged the "  Whiskey Rebellion , " harassing and threatening federal agents in several cities . But in 1794 , the government squelched the uprising , helping to establish the federal government 's authority in disputes with individual states . Even non-historians might appreciate the timelessness of the dog-eared document , given its skillful use of bureaucratic language to deliver bad news . One eye-glazing , 76-word sentence probably can be summarized as follows : "  We do n't have the thermometers you 'll need , so for now , use the ones you 've got . " The document , dated Dec. 18 , 1790 , is an original draft of a "  circular letter , " an official memo that would have been hand-copied and sent to customs officers , historians said . "  In this circular letter , Hamilton attempts to provide customs officers with new tools to more efficiently do their jobs , " said Kenneth Melson , acting director of ATF . Hamilton notes that he is sending a hydrometer -- used to determine the specific gravity or density of liquids -- to ports so that customs officers can determine the proof of imported beverages . Hamilton says he intends to provide two hydrometers to every port ; one to be used as a standard or check . "  But it is not possible in the first instance to send both . Hence one only will accompany this letter , " he writes . In a postscript , he adds that he is also sending a "  Tin Cylinder " to hold liquor while its alcohol content is being measured . Archivists said the early history of the Hamilton circular is not known . But in the mid-1970s , an ATF spokesman and autograph collector -- Howard Criswell Jr. -- came across the letter in a catalog from an autograph dealer in New York City . He purchased it for about $ 100 , intending to use it in an ATF bicentennial exhibit . Criswell , now 84 , is retired and lives in Maryland . The document remained in an ATF safe until it was rediscovered by ATF employees during a relocation of its headquarters building in 2005 . ATF officials said they had once planned to frame the letter , but were told that it would be damaged by exposure to light . The National Archives said the document will become part of its permanent holdings and will be preserved in a locked , temperature and humidity-controlled stack area at its facility in College Park , Maryland .	Document chronicles the federal government 's earliest efforts to regulate alcohol Item is guide for customs agents to determine the alcohol content of imported spirits Document will become part of The National Archives ' permanent holdings
The father of Edward J. Snowden has offered federal authorities a deal that he says would likely lead the accused leaker to return voluntarily to the United States to face espionage charges . The proposal was laid out in a letter , dated Thursday and obtained Friday by CNN 's "  Amanpour , " addressed to Attorney General Eric Holder and written by Bruce Fein , a Washington-based lawyer for Snowden 's father , Lonnie G. Snowden . It demands that the former National Security Agency computer contractor who exposed details about U.S. surveillance programs remain free prior to trial ; not be subject to a gag order ; and be tried in a place of his choosing . It further demands that , if any of those promises is broken , the prosecution would be dismissed . Read the letter "  With these written representations and guarantee , Mr. Snowden is reasonably confident that his son could be persuaded to surrender voluntarily to the jurisdiction of the United States to face trial , " Fein wrote . The Justice Department has no immediate comment . In comments Friday to NBC News ' "  Today , " the elder Snowden said he had not spoken with his son since April . "  I love him , I would like to have the opportunity to communicate with him . I do n't want to put him in peril , but I am concerned about those who surround him , " he said . Though the 30-year-old man may have betrayed his government , "  I do n't believe he has betrayed the people of the United States , " he said . He expressed concern that his son might have been manipulated by WikiLeaks . "  Their focus is n't necessarily the Constitution of the United States , " he said . "  It 's simply to release as much information as possible . " A day after authorities in Ecuador said they would not bow to U.S. pressure as they weigh Snowden 's request for asylum , State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell denied any "  bullying " tactics had been used . "  The point is just that we are making a consistent point to any government that might take him as a final destination that this is somebody wanted on serious felony charges and we would like him returned to the United States , " Ventrell told reporters Friday in response to a question from CNN 's Jill Dougherty . Obama : Pay no attention to that man we ca n't capture He was referring to his warning Thursday that Ecuador 's economic ties with the United States could be jeopardized . "  What would not be a good thing is them granting Mr. Snowden asylum , " Ventrell had said . "  That would have grave difficulties for a bilateral relationship . " Ventrell then cited trade agreements the United States has extended to Ecuador . "  They 're unilateral trade provisions that provide a benefit to certain Ecuadorian products , " Ventrell said . "  Whether they 're renewed or not is a prerogative of the U.S. Congress . " Asked about that remark , Ventrell said Friday , "  I would n't call it a threat . I 'd say that , you know , we are making the same points in public that we are making in private -- that this is somebody accused of serious crimes that we want returned . " The warning sparked a strong response on Thursday from Ecuador 's president , Rafael Correa , at an event in Quevedo . "  It is outrageous to try to delegitimize a state for receiving a petition of asylum , " said the left-leaning economist who is known for decrying what he and other Latin American leaders have called U.S. imperialism . And on Friday , the Embassy of Ecuador announced that the country had suspended its support for the Andean Trade Promotion and Drug Eradication Act , which provided duty-free treatment for certain products . U.S. asks Ecuador to reject any asylum request from Snowden "  As we have stated previously , any political or economic consequences of our decision regarding the asylum request are outweighed by our legal and humanitarian obligations , " an embassy statement said . Last year , Ecuador granted asylum to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , who remains in the nation 's embassy in Britain . Ecuador 's rationale appeared to have won support from former U.S. President Jimmy Carter . If another country wants to give haven to Snowden , "  then that is their right as a sovereign nation , " he told CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux . "  If the United States can acquire custody of him , I 'm sure he will be brought to trial , and that 's the way the law should be implemented . " Snowden 's acts may have some positive impact , Carter said . "  He 's obviously violated the laws of America , for which he 's responsible , but I think the invasion of human rights and American privacy has gone too far , " he said . "  I think that the secrecy that has been surrounding this invasion of privacy has been excessive , so I think that the bringing of it to the public notice has probably been , in the long term , beneficial . " Asked to elaborate , he said , "  I think the American people deserve to know what their Congress is doing . " Snowden has been at Moscow 's international airport since Sunday , when he arrived from Hong Kong . Europe furious , ` shocked ' by report of U.S. spying	Snowden 's father offers Attorney General Holder a deal The stipulations include that Snowden remain free until trial He must also be allowed to speak freely , his father 's lawyer says Asylum would be Ecuador 's right to offer , Jimmy Carter says
Doha , Qatar  CNN  -- An international donors conference on reconstruction and development in Darfur ended Monday with donors pledging nearly $ 3.7 billion toward "  recovery , reconstruction and development of Darfur during six years . " The bulk of the pledges come from a commitment made by the Sudanese government to contribute $ 2.65 billion . The state of Qatar announced that it pledged $ 500 million , and the European Union said it would commit $ 35 million . The United States , which currently is the biggest donor to Darfur through the U.S. Agency for International Development  USAID  , said it would not make any new financial commitment and expressed concern over the deteriorating security situation in Darfur . The 40 countries participating in the conference overwhelmingly expressed support for the Doha Document for Peace in Darfur as a base for peace in Darfur . Violence broke out in Darfur , a region of Sudan , in 2003 when non-Arab rebel groups took up arms against the central government in Khartoum , accusing it of neglect and discrimination . In response , the government of Sudan unleashed a massive counterinsurgency using militias known as the janjaweed . The violence that followed has led to the deaths of 300,000 people , according to United Nations figures from 2008 . The Sudanese government says that 10,000 have died . The International Criminal Court as a result indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes , crimes against humanity and genocide allegedly committed in Darfur . One rebel group , the Liberation and Justice Movement signed a peace agreement with the Sudanese government in 2011 known as the Doha Document for Peace , but progress on the deal has been slow . Three other rebel groups have refused to sign the document . On Sunday , a splinter group from the Justice and Equality Movement , the largest Darfurian rebel group , signed a "  final peace agreement " with the Sudanese government .	Violence broke out in Darfur , a region of Sudan , in 2003 Non-Arab rebel groups took up arms against the central government in Khartoum In 2008 , the U.N. put the death toll from ongoing violence at 300,000 A conference ends with pledges of billions for "  recovery , reconstruction and development "
CNN  -- A Buffalo , New York-area man accused of beheading his estranged wife made his first appearance in court Wednesday to face murder charges , according to the district attorney . Muzzammil Hassan has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of his wife , Aasiya Zubair Hassan . Muzzammil Hassan , 44 , is charged with second-degree murder in the death of his 37-year-old wife , Aasiya Zubair Hassan , days after she filed for divorce and was granted a restraining order against him . In court Wednesday , Hassan waived his right to a felony hearing , according to Erie County District Attorney Frank Sedita III . The case will go before a grand jury in the next 45 days . In the meantime , Hassan will be jailed without bond . If convicted , he faces a sentence of 15 years to life , WKBW reported , citing prosecutors . Muzzammil Hassan went to the police station in the Buffalo suburb of Orchard Park on Thursday and told officers that his wife was dead , authorities have said . He also led them to her body at the offices of Bridges TV . The couple began the network in 2004 to counter negative Muslim stereotypes ; Muzzammil Hassan is its chief executive officer , and Aasiya Hassan was general manager . Aasiya Hassan filed for divorce February 6 , police said , and Muzzammil Hassan was served with divorce papers at the station . That night , he showed up at the couple 's home , she notified authorities , and he was served with a restraining order . Police had responded to several domestic violence calls at the couple 's address , but no one was arrested , Orchard Park Police Chief Andrew Benz said Tuesday . However , two women claiming to be Aasiya Hassan 's sisters -- one in Pakistan and one in South Africa -- told reporters and posted in a blog that she lived in fear of him . Bridges TV released a statement Monday saying its staff members were "  deeply shocked and saddened by the murder of Aasiya Hassan and the subsequent arrest of Muzzammil Hassan . Our deepest condolences and prayers go out to the families of the victim . "	Muzzammil Hassan , accused of beheading wife , waived right to felony hearing Hassan , founder of Bridges TV , charged with second-degree murder Hassan will be jailed without bail while case goes to grand jury If convicted , he faces a sentence of 15 years to life
For a society that regards conformity as an important value , there are surprising number of Japanese who opt for homes that defy the cookie-cutter design . Take for example , Tatsumi Terado and his wife Hanae who lives in a house with no interior walls , hardly any barriers and some ladders to get around . The young couple call their house the Ninja -- because they need to be as nimble as one to go from one room to another . "  We feel we 're getting in better shape these days , " says Hanae Terado , extolling the benefits of all the climbing around the house . "  But we never fall . " Radical design is featuring more and more in Japan 's residential landscape and is a hit among the country 's young generation . It is as if the compact spaces the Japanese have to live in are pushing the architects , and their clients , to think out of the box and let their whimsical ideas take off . Says Hanae Terado : "  I do n't know if this is a cutting edge , but this is a house where our thoughts and inspirations take place . " Avant-garde design in Japan largely caters to middle class couples or families building a small house , not the typical clientele of bold architectural ideas elsewhere in the world . These average Japanese home owners can afford to take more risks because , unlike many of their counterparts in the West , they do n't have to worry about long-term investment . "  Houses depreciate in value over 15 years after being built , " says Tokyo-based architect Alastair Townsend , "  and on average they are demolished after 25 or 30 years , so the owner of a house does n't need to consider what a future buyer might want . "  It gives them a lot of creative license to design a home that 's an expression of their own eccentricities or lifestyle . " Open a Japanese architecture magazine or browse the Internet , and there are many examples of eccentric homes across the country , from strange polygonal structures to houses with no windows . While this conceptual Japanese architecture could be a bit impractical , these homes are becoming more like modern-art installations breathing new life into the country 's cramped spaces . Some of the more quirky homes are built next to plain-looking buildings . Architect Sou Fujimoto 's "  Skeleton House " stands out in an average Tokyo neighborhood . The transparent building , which he built for a young couple , lacks in privacy but conjures a sense of open elegance . Calling the design "  kind of a tree house , " Fujimoto says , "  We thought the whole house is like one big tree . You can jump onto one branch and the other branch to move around . " He also argues that the house fits Tokyo 's character as one part of the cozy components that make up the city . "  I think it 's a really , really nice collaboration because at the beginning , it was more simple , a bit more boring , " he says . "  Then it 's getting more exciting . " Yenni Kwok contributed to this report	Radical design is featuring more and more in Japan 's residential landscape It is a hit among the country 's young generation Many avant-garde structures are small middle-class homes Having no worry about long-term investment gives Japanese home owners a lot of creative license
Can complaining too much get you booted from a frequent flier program ? It 's one of the questions at the heart of a lawsuit filed against Northwest -- now owned by Delta Air Lines -- by S. Binyomin Ginsberg , a rabbi who lives in Minneapolis , Minnesota , and frequently travels to lecture and teach . Ginsberg joined Northwest 's WorldPerks frequent flier program in 1999 and reached Platinum Elite status in 2005 . But in June of 2008 , Ginsberg said a Northwest representative called him and told him his status was being revoked "  on the ground that he had ` abused ' the program , " according to court papers . Ginsberg said the airline also took away the hundreds of thousands of miles accumulated in his account . "  It did n't make sense . Initially , when they contacted me on the phone I thought it was a prank call , " Ginsberg said . "  When I pushed for a reason and clarification , they told me it was because I was complaining too much . " In July 2008 , Northwest sent the rabbi a letter noting that he had made 24 complaints in the past eight months , including nine incidents of his bag arriving late at the luggage carousel , according to court papers . "  You have continually asked for compensation over and above our guidelines . We have awarded you $ 1,925.00 in travel credit vouchers , 78,500 WorldPerks bonus miles , a voucher extension for your son , and $ 491.00 in cash reimbursements , " the letter states , according to court papers . "  Due to our past generosity , we must respectfully advise that we will no longer be awarding you compensation each time you contact us . " Ginsberg 's lawyers countered that the rabbi and his wife had been averaging about 75 flights on Northwest each year , and that Ginsberg estimated that only about 10 % of the trips had resulted in a call to Northwest 's customer care . "  I do n't think I was a frequent complainer , " Ginsberg said . "  They should have taken their time and analyzed : Were my complaints legitimate ? Should they be doing something to improve their service and quality of product ? Instead of worrying , we 've got to shut up somebody who is complaining too much . " In November of 2008 , Northwest sent Ginsberg an e-mail , in which the airline quoted a paragraph from the fine print of the WorldPerks Program . It stated that Northwest could determine "  in its sole judgment " whether a passenger has abused the program , and that abuse "  may result in cancellation of the member 's account and future disqualification from program participation , forfeiture of all mileage accrued and cancellation of previously issued but unused awards . " Ginsberg sued for breach of contract in January of 2009 , but a California district court dismissed the class action suit , agreeing with Northwest that the Airline Deregulation Act preempted his claim . The act prohibits parties from bringing state law claims against airlines that relate to a "  price , route , or service " of the carrier , according to court documents . The airline 's lawyers also argued that the WorldPerks general terms and conditions did not require Northwest to provide frequent fliers with lengthy explanations or reasons for its decision to terminate or demote a member 's status in the program . But last month , the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the lower court 's decision and ordered it to reconsider Ginsberg 's claims . It said that when Congress passed the Airline Deregulation Act , it did not intend to "  immunize the airline industry from liability for common law contract claims . " Delta did not respond to a request for comment , but the airline has requested a re-hearing in the case . Ginsberg -- who is still a frequent flier , but is no longer loyal to any one airline -- said he is hoping to get his miles back , have his status reinstated and get fair compensation for what he 's gone through . "  To me , it 's outright fraud . You ca n't take somebody 's mileage away when they 've accumulated it , " he said . "  We live in a country that was built on freedom and this to me is a tremendous abuse of freedom . "	S. Binyomin Ginsberg reached Platinum Elite status in Northwest 's program His status was revoked in 2008 ; airline said he abused the program Rabbi says when he pushed for clarification , carrier said he was complaining too much Lower court dismissed Ginsberg 's lawsuit ; appeals court reversed the decision
CNN  -- Martin Kaymer and Graeme McDowell tasted team success at September 's Ryder Cup , but the former major winners have had to wait a long time for individual glory this year . That ended on Sunday as former world No. 1 Kaymer clinched his first tournament win since November 2011 and McDowell posted his first victory since 2010 in another exhibition tournament . "  I 'm very happy to finally win this year , that was the most important thing for me because I was practicing very hard , " Kaymer said after landing the $ 1.25 million first prize at the Nedbank Challenge in Sun City , South Africa . "  I played very well the last few weeks and months , but it just did not happen for me on the golf course . " The German finished two shots clear of South Africa 's 2011 Masters winner Charl Schwartzel in a 12-man field that also included 2010 British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen and former world No. 1 Lee Westwood . Kaymer followed up compatriot Bernhard Langer 's victory in the seniors event in Sun City on Saturday . "  Bernhard has been a massive help for me . We talked at the Ryder Cup on the Saturday in the players ' lounge when I did n't play at all , and we talked about the spirit and the attitude of the Ryder Cup , and you can use that for regular tournaments as well , " Kaymer said . "  So he has been a huge influence for me . There was a bit more pressure today because everyone was talking about the German double . But I 'm very fortunate that everything worked out for me , and it 's obviously very nice from Bernhard that he called me straight away . " McDowell , meanwhile , upstaged Tiger Woods by winning the 14-time major champion 's Chevron World Challenge event in California . The Northern Irishman , whose last victory came at the same tournament in 2010 after he also won the U.S. Open , finished three shots clear of last year 's PGA Championship victor Keegan Bradley to claim the $ 1.2 million first prize . He was congratulated by compatriot Rory McIlroy , who last weekend ended his season as world No. 1 and leader of both the U.S. and European money lists . "  Great win @Graeme_McDowell !! They should rename that event the Gmac Challenge ! Enjoy the well deserved break ! " McIlroy wrote on Twitter . Woods , who ended his own long victory drought as host 12 months ago , finished tied for fourth with fellow Americans Jim Furyk and Rickie Fowler .	Martin Kaymer posts his first victory of 2012 in his final event of the season German wins $ 1.25 million first prize at Nedbank Challenge in South Africa Fellow Ryder Cup winner Graeme McDowell wins $ 1.2 million at World Challenge McDowell upstages host Tiger Woods to claim his first win since 2010
CNN  -- Yet again we are struggling to bear the unbearable . How can we find meaning in the massacre of so many innocent children , savagely cut down in a hail of bullets ? Abraham Lincoln is much on our minds these days and , fortunately , there is much his life teaches us about giving meaning to human horror . Eleven months from now , we will be celebrating the 150th anniversary of his journey to Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , where he consecrated a national cemetery in honor of the thousands slaughtered in the Civil War battle there . In the most eloquent address in American history , Lincoln told us , "  The world will little note , nor long remember what we say here , but it can never forget what they did here . It is for us the living , rather , to be dedicated here to  their  great unfinished work . " In their honor , he concluded , "  we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain -- that this nation , under God , shall have a new birth of freedom . " These were not idle words ; he devoted himself to action . In the final months of his life , as the new film on Lincoln shows , he threw himself into the enactment of the 13th Amendment , outlawing slavery in the entire nation . After his death , the nation continued to act as he had asked , passing the 14th Amendment and quickening its progress toward realizing the dream of the Declaration : that all are created equal . The shootings in Connecticut are not Gettysburg , but surely the long , unending string of killings that we have endured must do more than touch our hearts . As Lincoln saw , we must find meaning in the madness of life -- and we do that by honoring the dead through action . The moment to act is now upon us , not to be lost as we rush headlong into the holiday season and more twists and turns ahead . We are better than that . There is a common thread running through most of the mass killings we have seen in recent years : A deranged gunman gets his hands on a gun , usually a semi-automatic , and rapidly cuts down innocents before anyone can stop him . Clearly , we must find better answers for the mentally unstable . We have the ability to recognize the characteristics of those more likely to commit such acts of violence , and we must do more to provide long-term treatment . But just as clearly , we need to change our culture of guns . There is something terribly wrong in a nation that has some 300 million guns floating around , easily accessible to the mentally ill . Of the 62 mass shootings in the U.S. over the past three decades , more than three-quarters of the guns used were obtained legally . Unless we act to change our laws as well as our culture , we will all be enablers when the next loner strikes . The blood will be on our hands , too . Experts can come up with precise policy prescriptions that will allow us to maintain the constitutional freedoms of the 2nd Amendment while also changing our gun culture . Contrary to what the National Rifle Association says , it is very possible to do both . What is needed immediately is a conversation determining what principles we want to establish -- and then action to realize them . From my perspective , there should be at least three basic principles : FIRST : To own a gun , you must first have a license -- and it should n't be easy to get . The right parallel is to cars : Everyone over a prescribed age is entitled to drive . But cars are dangerous , so we first require a license -- determining that you are fit to drive . Citizens have a right to bear arms , but guns are dangerous , too . So , get a license . There are a number of issues with our current system of state-based permits . First , variation in gun regulations from state to state deeply complicates enforcement efforts . Arizona , for instance , allows concealed carry without any permit , while its neighbor California has implemented the strongest gun laws in the country . We must design a sensible federal gun control policy to address the current legal chaos . As we construct a federal licensing system , we should look to California . The state requires all gun sales to be processed through a licensed dealer , mandating background checks and a ten-day waiting period ; bans most assault weapons and all large-capacity magazines ; closes the nonsensical gun-show loophole ; and maintains a permanent record of all sales . SECOND : If you are a civilian , you ca n't buy an assault gun . Hunters do n't need military style weapons , nor do homeowners who want to be able to protect their families . They are far too popular among people who should n't have access to guns in the first place . We should restore the federal ban that has expired . THIRD : Parents should be heavily advised to keep guns out of their houses and out of the hands of kids . No one wants to blame the poor mother of the Connecticut shooter , but everyone wonders why she kept so many military-style guns in the house , so accessible to her son . It 's hard to believe , but roughly a third of households with children younger than 18 contain at least one gun . In too many neighborhoods in America -- not just in big cities -- parents who do n't allow guns in their homes are apprehensive , even frightened , by their kids playing at homes where they are kept . Some years ago , no one thought that we could change our tobacco culture . We did . No one thought that we could reduce drunk driving by teenagers . We did -- thanks in large part to Mothers Against Drunk Driving . Years from now , no one will note what we say after this latest massacre . But they will hold us morally accountable for what we do . To honor all of those who have been slain in recent years -- starting with the first-graders in Connecticut -- we should highly resolve to change our culture of guns . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen says we should take a cue from Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address He says U.S. must deal with its culture of guns and find real solutions Gun owners should be licensed , and assault weapons should be banned , he says He says we will be held morally accountable for what we do -- or fail to do
CNN  -- Usain Bolt made a winning return to the track after his Olympic heroics with an easy victory over 200 meters at the Diamond League meeting in Lausanne Thursday . Bolt charged clear to claim a meeting record 19.58 seconds , outside of his world record of 19.19 seconds , but the Jamaican superstar had ruled out breaking that mark before the event in Switzerland . Bolt took three gold medals in London , relegating teammate Yohan Blake to second place in both the 100 and 200 sprints before Jamaica 's stunning world record win in the sprint relay . After coming home ahead of Dutchman Churandy Martina and compatriot Nickel Ashmeade , Bolt told BBC Sport that he was satisfied with his post-Games effort . "  I am definitely very pleased . It was a good run for the end of the season . I just wanted to have fun , " said Bolt . His training partner Blake also returned to action with a brilliant victory in the earlier 100m in 9.69 seconds . Only Bolt with his 9.58 second world record and his 9.63 second clocking to win London , has ever run faster and he smashed his own personal best of 9.75 seconds . America 's Tyson Gay finished second in 9.83 seconds with Nesta Carter of Jamaica third in 9.95 seconds . "  I am delighted , " said Blake . "  I have been sick all week with flu but I am glad I recovered . My coach  Glen Mills  had told me that I could run faster than 9.75 seconds , a lot faster . " Carmelita Jeter of the United States gained a measure of revenge in the women 's 100m , relegating double Olympic champion Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce of Jamaica to second place . Fraser-Pryce had edged Jeter in the final at the Games earlier this month , but was beaten on the dip with both given the time of 10.86 seconds . Best performance of the night in the field events came from Qatar 's Mutaz Essa Barshim . He shared bronze in the high jump at the London Games , but upset gold medal winner Ivan Ukhov in a high class event . Barshim cleared 2.39 metres with Ukhov second with 2.37 m , the same height as Britain 's Robbie Grabarz , who equaled his country 's national record .	Usain Bolt wins 200m at Diamond League meeting in Lausanne Teammate Yohan Blake takes 100m in scintillating 9.69 seconds Carmelita Jeter of U.S. wins women 's 100m in 10.86 seconds Qatar 's Mutaz Essa Bashim on top in men 's high jump with 2.39 clearance
CNN  -- Britain 's prestigious Royal Ascot has increased its prize money to a record $ 7.5 million , in an effort to attract the top race horses from around the world . The country 's premier five-day racing festival -- home to Queen Elizabeth 's namesake race , the Diamond Jubilee Stakes -- has boosted its prize money by a whopping $ 756,750 on last year . The world-renowned meeting , which attracts a "  who 's who " list of royal and celebrity guests , will now also honor Prince William with a race named after him . But despite the prestige associated with Ascot , its prize money still lags behind the rest of the world . The richest horse racing event on the planet , the Dubai World Cup , kicks off later this month with a total prize pool of $ 27 million , for nine group races . Similarly , the U.S. Breeders ' Cup races offer combined prize money of $ 25 million , while France 's Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe has a purse of $ 12.6 million . "  We have seen some remarkable racing at Ascot in recent years and whilst the importance of winning at Royal Ascot both in terms of prestige and in value to the bloodstock industry ca n't be denied , increasing prize money is equally crucial to attracting the best horses to run in a highly competitive market , " Ascot chief executive Charles Barnett said . "  It is very important to us to have a significant minimum amount on offer , and we have set that at  # 60,000  $ 90,700  . " It may not offer the same cash as other international competitions , but Royal Ascot last year attracted the top four rated race horses in the world -- Frankel , Cirrus Des Aigles , Black Caviar and Excelebration . Retired British champion Frankel , who won 14 races on the trot , chose Royal Ascot 's Champion Stakes to make his final appearance , drawing a sellout crowd of 32,000 . Australian super mare Black Caviar , who remains unbeaten in a remarkable 23 consecutive races , made her Ascot debut with a nailbiting win in the Diamond Jubilee Stakes . That flagship race remains capped at $ 756,750 -- compared to $ 10 million for Dubai 's premier World Cup race -- but prize purses for the St James 's Palace stakes and Coronation Stakes will rise from $ 378,000 to $ 530,000 each . The total prize money on offer at Ascot throughout 2013 is now just over $ 20 million . This year Queen Elizabeth 's grandson William , who is expecting his first child with wife Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , will have extra reason to celebrate after the Windsor Forest Stakes was renamed the Duke of Cambridge Stakes in his honor . Pomp and pageantry define the historic track , with the royal family arriving each June in a lavish horse-drawn carriage . So highly regarded is tradition and decorum at Ascot , that last year organizers even had dress code administrators on hand to assess the thousands of people who descend on the Berkshire venue -- with a strict list of dos and do n'ts issued to prevent standards slipping . The Royal Enclosure , where Her Majesty watches all five days of the meeting , is where the most stringent regulations are enforced -- including a ban on the widely popular fascinator headpieces .	Britain 's Royal Ascot increases prize money to record $ 7.5 million Prestigious English track attracts royalty and celebrity guests But despite prestige , Ascot still lags behind world in prize money World 's richest racing event , Dubai World Cup , offers $ 27 million
CNN  -- Australia 's new captain Michael Clarke admits that he will have to earn the respect of the nation 's cricket fans after being confirmed as the successor to Ricky Ponting on Wednesday . The 36-year-old Ponting stood down as skipper of Australia 's Test and one-day teams on Tuesday following last week 's World Cup quarterfinal exit , but will continue as a batsman after being named in the 14-man squad to tour Bangladesh next month . Clarke has long been groomed as Ponting 's successor , having filled in when his captain was unavailable or being rested , but acknowledges that he is not the most popular choice to replace him . "  I do n't know the exact reasons why it 's there , but it is and I 've had it probably my whole career , " he told the Cricket Australia website . When cricket means more than just a match "  So I certainly do n't sit here and think that I can get the whole of this country to like me . People are always going to have their own views , but for me it 's about respect . "  It 's about earning that respect , leading the team in the right way , playing cricket in the right manner and hopefully I can earn the respect of the doubters that are out there . " Ponting was one of the most successful captains in modern cricket , having led Australia to victory at the 2003 and 2007 World Cups before last week 's defeat by India . Clarke , who turns 30 on Sunday , said he was happy to have Ponting in the team for the short trip to Bangladesh , which comprises three one-day internationals in Dhaka from April 9-13 . "  Bangladesh is going to be a great test for that , to see how it all unfolds , " he said . "  I know he will allow me to do my job to the best of my ability , I have a very good working relationship with ` Punter ' and I 'm confident that if he can continue to play as well as he has done for such a long time , I 'm certain it can work . "	Michael Clarke confirmed as new captain of Australia 's national cricket team The 29-year-old will succeed Ricky Ponting , who stood down on Tuesday Ponting has been included in 14-man squad for brief tour of Bangladesh Clarke admits that he is probably not the most popular choice as new skipper
CNN  -- Winds so strong they knocked over semi trucks have been gusting through parts of Montana and Wyoming . The National Weather Service issued a wind warning until 11 p.m. Monday for Browning , Montana , where gusts of up to 85 mph were recorded Saturday . In Cheyenne , Wyoming , gusts of up to 65 mph are expected and a wind advisory is in effect until 5 p.m. Sunday . Severe weather hits parts of Southeast Officials warn that driving over mountain passes and on roads running from north to south will be difficult . Several semi trucks blew over Saturday along Interstate 15 , according to CNN Great Falls , Montana , affiliate KRTV . No injuries were reported . The gusting winds have toppled trees and bent over power poles . Sustained winds will be between 30 and 50 mph , KRTV reported .	Wind gusts topple semi trucks in Montana High wind warning is in effect for parts of Montana and Wyoming Gusting winds bend power poles and topple trees
St. Paul , Minnesota  CNN  -- Food delivered to your gate at the touch of a screen ? It sounds too good to be true , but it 's happening at a handful or airports . About 7,000 Apple iPads are being installed at La Guardia Airport in New York , Toronto Pearson International in Ontario and Minneapolis-St . Paul International in the Twin Cities in a collaboration between airport food and beverage provider OTG Management and Delta Air Lines . In the Delta terminal at Minneapolis-St . Paul , iPads at seats in the gate areas will give airline customers up-to-the-minute flight updates , as well as free access to the Internet . Plus , fliers waiting for their flights can order food from a selection of new restaurants in the terminal and have it delivered to the gate . "  If I 'm going to spend $ 10 on a beer , I 'd rather do it on an iPad , " said Michael Card , who was traveling recently through Minneapolis-St . Paul , "  because it 's more fun , more exciting . " OTG Management has eliminated most of the chain restaurants and fast food options at the Minnesota airport in favor of restaurants with menus designed by chefs from the Twin Cities area . The same local concept is being applied at LaGuardia and Pearson airports . "  The goal behind this was to make travel better for travelers , " OTG spokesman Sean Aziz said . "  You have to get to the airport earlier now with new  security  measures , so why not be able to get to your gate , have a fresh meal , a great glass of wine , the convenience of an iPad , charging your devices ? It was really just to make the little things better . " When the project is completed late next year , Minneapolis-St . Paul airport 's Terminal G will play host to 12 unique restaurants . Each will also have an iPad at every seat . IPads in the restaurants will offer color photos of each dish and will -- at least for the ordering aspect of your meal -- replace the need for a server . Hosts still play a role , OTG says , and servers will still see that you 're taken carry of after they bring out your cooked order . OTG Chief Technology Officer Albert Lee had his own hesitations about installing the iPads . "  There was a lot of fear that this would somehow reduce the customer service experience , " Lee said , "  but I think people appreciated the ability to order and feel in control of their environment . And I think they enjoyed having access to the internet . " Traveler Kurtis Zameck was waiting recently for his flight at Minneapolis-St . Paul and used the iPad to place an order . "  The first time I saw it , it was a little odd , " Zameck said . "  But I think after you use it once or twice , it 's pretty user-friendly . " And he did n't find that the service aspect of the experience suffered . Many travelers seemed pleased with the changes . Some said they liked the ability to check stocks or to stay up to speed on their flight departure , and parents said it was nice because pre-loaded games like tic-tac-toe and checkers gave their kids something to do . But not everyone shared those sentiments . One man who was hurrying to finish his food and catch his flight called it "  impersonal . " "  I prefer the personal touch . I like dealing with people , but the service was good , " he added . Another passenger said the system was a little confusing at first . "  The first time I ordered a drink , it was a gin and tonic , and I did n't see the tonic , so I  accidentally  ordered a double gin . I had to actually go back to the bartender to get them to put tonic water in it . ... But once you get used to it , I think it 's fine . " While OTG 's iPads replace the need for servers to take the initial order back to the kitchen , Lee insists that it is n't eliminating restaurant jobs . They say they 're merely "  changing how we deal with service . " "  Instead of waiters coming to take your order and going back and entering things  in the computer  ... we now have servers more geared toward our concierge experience . " And what about the security of the devices ? Lee says the custom Web browser has been designed so that any personal data entered -- whether it be login info for Facebook or your online bank account -- is completely wiped clean with every press of the home button . "  We 've designed this to take into account that you 're still inside an airport , " Lee said . "  We want you to feel comfortable . We want you to , in a lot of ways , forget that you 're inside an airport . But you still have to board a flight , so we 'll remind you about your flight . " You can check out the changes now at Minneapolis-St . Paul and LaGuardia . Pearson 's iPads will debut in early 2013 .	iPads at airport gates and restaurants allow fliers to order food electronically At Minneapolis-St . Paul 's Delta terminal , menus will be designed by local chefs A food and beverage provider has partnered with Delta to install the technology
CNN  -- The Internet was made for moments like these . Clint Eastwood and his empty chair did n't so much detract from Mitt Romney 's big moment at the last night of the Republican National Convention , as much as they became breakout stars in their own right . Romney and Marco Rubio still had their moments . Clint retained his Hollywood icon status . And two new stars were born , Invisible Obama and Clint 's Chair . Those were n't the only OMG moment during the final night of the RNC . 1 . More crying "  Is crying becoming a ` thing ' for Republicans ? " asked @libgrrrl Thursday night . We could n't have said it better ourselves . One of Eastwood 's most tweeted moments was his reference to crying when Obama was elected . "  I just thought this is great . Everybody 's crying , Oprah was crying . I was even crying , " he said . U.S. Olympian Mike Eruzione got choked up speaking about carrying the World Trade Center flag during the 2002 Opening Ceremony , but it was Romney talking about single rose his father would leave by his mother 's bedside every day that had most eyes welling up , including Romney 's . "  Mitt 's tearing up talking about his parents ! Y' all I ca n't even deal with all this crying tonight , " tweeted @rsethib And then there were the weepers in the audience , some of whom managed to hold back tears long enough to tweet , like @ShoshanaWeissmann , "  Loving this !!!!!! Crying a little and SO inspired !!!!!! " 2 . Homocon CNN reporter Jen Christensen spent time with members of the Log Cabin Republicans who were invited to participate in the convention platform for the first time this year . The LGBT group GOProud threw a Tuesday night party called "  Homocon , " that included go-go dancers and a velvet rope . However inclusion did not = acceptance . But let 's focus on the lighter moments shall we ? "  Dance remix of ` say a little prayer ' plays at #homocon and still no one dancing . I 'm sorry , but are these Republicans really gay ?? #gop2012 , " wrote @libawr "  Weirdest events for #RNC2012 ? Try zombies , Homocon and comedian  ?  Grover Norquist , " wrote @Danielson_Times 3 . Take a seat . Almost any seat . When comedian Patton Oswalt tweeted , " ` If Clint Eastwood ever talks to a chair on national TV , people will need a way to reassure each other ' -- inventor of Twitter , March 2006 , " not everyone was amused . Thankfully we were . In true Twitter fashion , the social community soon asked why Eastwood should be having all the fun and decided to turn the spotlight back on themselves by snapping photos of their own empty chairs and tagging them #eastwooding . More than 500 tagged photos were uploaded to Instagram with many more shared on Twitter . Cats , dogs and babies were of course , included , as the Internet gets extremely anxious whenever they stray too far from cats , dogs or babies . Mia Farrow almost got in on the joke , neglecting to post a photo when she tweeted , "  Breakfast w #emptychair . We were a little rude to invisible guest #eastwooding . " The fun extended all the way to Pinterest as Invisible_Obama posted , "  At last a worthy opponent , " with a pin of Romney and an empty wooden chair . Piers Morgan summed it all up with this tweet , "  Awk-ward . #Clint " The Twitter account @ClintsChair has more than 2,000 followers and continued tweeting through the night , taking responsibility at one point for Eastwood 's ramblings . "  I was talking to Clint about Afghanistan right before we went out there . That 's why I forgot his notes . " And it was n't too long before @BarackObama responded with "  This seat 's taken , " showing Obama comfortably seated in a leather chair clearly labeled "  The President . " As a side note , "  The Empty Chair " Facebook page is a community focused on supporting and comforting survivors of grief . They continue on as usual , seemingly unaffected by the empty chair meme . 4 . America . America . America . How many times did Romney say "  America ? " The great folks at @Upworthy counted 95 . But they might have missed a few since they made a drinking game out of it . @Upworthy , "  If you are still playing the #AmericaCount drinking game , MAY GOD HAVE MERCY ON YOUR SOUL . #GOP2012 " 5 . This guy Several photos of a man wearing what appeared to be a cowboy hat made of a Yuengling beer case earned salutes , praise and a few questions . We say : Well played , sir . "  ok yeah this guy made a cowboy hat out of a case of Yuengling and went to the #rnc , " tweeted @trimpey who posted a photo for our benefit . 6 . WTH ? It 's no surprise Eastwood 's conversation with an empty chair raised a lot of eyebrows . Anyone having an unscripted conversation with an empty chair during a live broadcast on every major network would . It is Clint Eastwood , after all . What the Internet seemed most delighted by was that no one could decipher what Eastwood was actually saying . Transcripts revealed a text riddled with incomplete sentences . The best "  summary " was posted on Comedy Central 's Indecision Tumblr and goes like this , "  I was talking to Barack Obama the other day ... Potato . Sneaker . Fish . Pizza . Algebra . Racecar . " On Twitter , the accounts @InvisibleObama and @ClintsChair rocketed to instant popular kid status tweeting things like , "  Sigh ... agent just got off the phone with Biden . Booked for Charlotte . "  @ClintsChair  The Facebook page Invisible Obama  one of three  began posting photos of , wait for it , Invisible Obama doing things POTUS would . But they did n't have all the fun . "  After Clint Eastwood 's chair , Romney is back stage feverishly making a sock puppet , " wrote @rationalists Oh , if only it were true . Dems , your move .	"  Is crying becoming a ` thing ' for Republicans ? " asks one tweeter LGBT group threw a party that included go-go dancers and a velvet rope The Twitter account @ClintsChair has more than 2,000 followers Several photos of a man wearing a hat made of a beer case earned salutes
CNN  -- MotoGP championship leader Casey Stoner claimed his 10th pole position of 2011 on Saturday to boost his bid for a ninth victory this season at the Japan Grand Prix . After 14 of 18 meetings , the Australian holds a 44-point lead over world champion Jorge Lorenzo , who will start Sunday 's race second on the grid for Yamaha at Motegi . He broke Lorenzo 's 2008 lap record with a time of one minute 45.267 seconds to earn his first pole at the circuit , where he won last year 's race . Stoner 's teammate Andrea Dovizioso qualified third ahead of another Honda rider , Dani Pedrosa , while American Ben Spies claimed fifth for Yamaha . Honda 's Marco Simoncelli completed the third row for Honda , while fellow Italian and seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi was seventh for Ducati . Hiroshi Aoyama , in 11th , was the highest-placed Japanese rider for what will be an emotional day . Motorcycling 's top names had initially refused to travel to Motegi due to health fears after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant was damaged during March 's earthquake and tsunami . They backed down after MotoGP officials refused to cancel the race , but Stoner arrived late to reduce any exposure to radiation and Lorenzo told reporters that he had been washing with bottled water despite experts insisting the Motegi area is safe from any fallout . But the riders have helped raise $ 140,000 for the "  We are for Japan " campaign , with Aoyama to present the check to local officials before the race . "  Everything has gone very well so far this weekend . We 've been fastest in all but one session , so it 's been fantastic , " 2007 world champion Stoner told the MotoGP website . "  We 'll have to watch the weather as this will affect the set-up . There 's also a chance of rain , so it could get complicated . Jorge has been riding fantastic , as has Dovi and Dani , but there is no doubt that the Honda suits this track . "	Casey Stoner will start Sunday 's Japan Grand Prix at front of the grid Honda star sets new lap record at Motegi as he heads off Jorge Lorenzo Riders have raised more than $ 140,000 for the "  We are for Japan " campaign Stars had initially refused to compete in Japan due to radiation fears
CNN  -- The case of the first toddler ever to be "  functionally cured " of HIV could have wide-ranging effects on the global fight to end the AIDS epidemic . "  If we can replicate this in other infants ... this has huge implications for the burden of infection that 's occurring globally , " said Dr. Deborah Persaud , a pediatrician at the Johns Hopkins Children 's Center . Persaud is the lead author of a report on the toddler 's case that was presented at the 2013 Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections in Atlanta on Monday . "  For the unfortunate ones who do get infected , if this can be replicated , this would offer real hope of clearing the virus . " Some 1,000 infants are born with HIV every day , according to the latest estimates from the UNAIDS Global Report . That means some 330,000 children are living with the deadly virus . The majority of these infections are in the developing world . The most common way children get HIV is through perinatal transmission -- HIV transmission from an infected mother to a child while she is pregnant , giving birth or when she breast-feeds the child . The number of infant infections in the United States has gone down some 90 % since the mid - '90s , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ; that 's in large part because pregnant women are routinely tested . When a mother is identified as being HIV positive , her doctor is then able to administer preventive interventions that will , in most cases , keep the virus in check . In developing countries , infants born to mothers with HIV are not so lucky . There , mothers are less likely to be treated with antiretroviral drugs that would prevent transmission during pregnancy . In North Africa and the Middle East , for instance , 3 % of pregnant women with HIV received antiretroviral medications , according to the U.N. report . Some 23 % in West and Central Africa did . Testing is also less sophisticated in these areas . The unidentified Mississippi woman in this case had no prenatal care and was not diagnosed as HIV positive until just before she delivered the baby . That 's why Dr. Hannah Gay , an associate professor of pediatrics at the University of Mississippi Medical Center , administered the drugs within 30 hours after the baby was born . Typically , a baby born to a woman with HIV would be given two drugs as a prophylactic measure . Gay said her standard is to use a three-drug regimen to treat an infection . She did this on the Mississippi infant without waiting for test results to confirm the baby was infected with HIV . Gay thinks the timing may be key , that the timing may deserve "  more emphasis than the particular drugs or number of drugs used . Timeline : AIDS moments to remember "  We are hoping that future studies will show that very early institution of effective therapy will result in this same outcome consistently , " she said . Doctors will try to replicate the success of her case and see if aggressive treatment right after birth can "  cure , " or if this is an anomaly . "  We are enthusiastic about the potential of this case , but it is one case and it needs to be replicated and confirmed through future studies and clinical trials , " said Dr. Meg Doherty , the World Health Organization 's Department of HIV/AIDS coordinator of treatment and care . "  We will not be changing any of our current guidance in this case , but we will continue to watch for new information and provide updates to our prevention of mother to child transmission  PMTCT  and early infant diagnosis guidance as necessary . " Antiretroviral medications are pricey for people in the developing world , but treating a child for a year or two with these drugs would be a lot cheaper than paying for a lifetime of treatment after infection . Why youths are n't getting tested for HIV Persaud is optimistic . If the result of this case can be repeated , she believes this discovery could make a huge difference internationally . "  In resource-limited settings , this kind of treatment would not be a stretch . We know how to do this and we have the infrastructure in place to deliver this kind of care . " Check out more news on CNN.com	How quickly antiretrovirals were administered in this case may have made a difference Mother-child infection rates are down 90 % in the United States since the mid - '90s Some 1,000 infants are born with HIV every day , according to the United Nations
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Pregnant women in Peru are dying at scandalous rates , according to the author of an Amnesty International report into maternal mortality in the South American country . The report , "  Fatal Flaws : Barriers to Maternal Health in Peru " found that hundreds of poor , rural and indigenous pregnant women are dying because they are being denied the same health services as other women in the country . It also concluded that the government 's response to tackling the problem was inadequate . Peruvian government figures state 185 in every 100,000 women die in childbirth , but the United Nations says the number is much higher , 240 per 100,000 , which makes it one of the highest rates of maternal mortality in the Americas . In wealthy developed nations , only nine women die for every 100,000 births . The five main causes of pregnancy-related deaths in Peru are hemorrhage , pre-eclampsia , infection , complications following abortion and obstructed birth , according to Peru 's Ministry of Health figures . Amnesty 's Peru researcher Nuria Garcia said , in a written statement : "  The rates of maternal mortality in Peru are scandalous . The fact that so many women are dying from preventable causes is a human rights violation . "  The Peruvian state is simply ignoring its obligation to provide adequate maternal health care to all women , regardless of who they are and where they live . " Garcia added : "  Health services for pregnant women in Peru are like a lottery : If you are poor and indigenous , the chances are you will always lose . " The report said pregnant women in Peru die because they lack access to emergency obstetric care , to information on maternal health , and to health staff members who can speak Indigenous languages such as Quechua -- a native Andean language spoken by some 5 million people in Peru . According to the report , 27 percent of deaths of women from pregnancy-related causes occurred during pregnancy ; 26 percent occurred during the birth itself ; and 46 percent during the first six weeks after giving birth . A 2007 Census of Indigenous People showed that 60 percent did not have access to a health facility , said Amnesty International . The Amnesty International report notes that the Peruvian government has instituted policies aimed at reducing the rates of maternal mortality , such as increasing maternal waiting houses -- rooms where pregnant women who live far from health centers can stay . Other measures include more training for health staff members on the vertical birth method common among indigenous women and teaching the Quiche language to health professionals , Amnesty International said . But the human rights group said Peruvian women and health professionals have complained that the measures are not being implemented effectively . For example , the rights group said , even though the number of waiting houses has increased more than threefold in the past eight years , only half of them are in rural areas . The agency also contends that training for health professionals on the vertical birth method is not sufficiently widespread . According to Peru 's Human Rights ombudsperson , more than 45 percent of health staff last year said they had not received appropriate training , Amnesty International said . "  Official initiatives to reduce maternal mortality are good news , " Garcia said . "  However , lack of clear responsibilities for implementing them and the absence of effective resourcing and monitoring puts any initiative in great jeopardy . " Though Peru 's rate of maternal deaths is high , it pales in comparison to sub-Saharan Africa , which has about 900 deaths for each 100,000 births , the United Nations says . For Africa as a whole , the number is 820 . The highest rates were in Sierra Leone , with 2,000 , and Afghanistan , with 1,900 . Latin America and the Caribbean average 130 deaths per 100,000 births , the United Nations says , with the lowest rates in Chile , Costa Rica and Cuba . Worldwide , there were an average of 400 deaths for each 100,000 births in the year 2000 , the United Nations says . The lowest rates were in Iceland , with zero , and Austria , with four per 100,000 births . The United States had 11 deaths per 100,000 births in 2005 , the United Nations says . CNN 's Stephanie Busari contributed to this report .	Amnesty 's Peru researcher : Maternal rates in Peru for poor are "  scandalous " Researcher : Services like "  lottery , " for poor and "  chances are you will always lose " Maternal mortality rate one of the highest in the Americas Report : Peru has made positive changes , but more help needed in rural areas
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- Surrounded by rubble , children swarm around a public well in this storm-ravaged city , where bodies are still lying in the streets days after a deadly typhoon struck . The children douse themselves with water and fill plastic cups and jugs . "  Even though we 're not sure that it is clean and safe , " Roselda Sumapit said , "  we still drink it , because we need to survive . " The scene on a street in the city of Tacloban is one of many CNN reporters and others have witnessed as residents deal with the death and destruction that Typhoon Haiyan left behind when the massive storm tore through the Philippines : ` Worse than hell ' in typhoon-ravaged Philippines ` We do n't have anything to eat ' As they searched for loved ones lost in the storm , desperate survivors asked for help . "  Our house got demolished , " one woman told CNN affiliate ABS-CBN . "  My father died after being hit by falling wooden debris . We are calling for your help . If possible , please bring us food . We do n't have anything to eat . " A man begged for forgiveness because he could n't save his daughter from the typhoon 's wrath . "  We all got separated from each other when the strong waves hit , " he told ABS-CBN . "  We got separated . I could n't even hold on to my child . " Another man said he was still trying to find six family members . "  My child has been buried in that island , " he said . ` I 'm going to die ' Shirley Lim still remembers the sounds she heard as the storm struck . The wind was so strong , she said , it sounded like someone was crying . "  It 's like the movie ` Twister , ' " she said . Speaking to CNN Monday from the city of Coron , Lim said one thought ran through her mind during the storm : "  I 'm going to die . " But Lim survived . Many homes in Coron were severely damaged by the typhoon , she said , as the howling winds ripped roofs off houses made of light material like bamboo . Prison inmates threaten breakout A man stands on a rooftop , threatening to jump . He is one of 672 inmates at a Tacloban prison , where food and water supplies ran out on Monday . Now , the prison 's warden says the inmates have given him a warning , threatening a mass breakout in one or two days if they do n't get food and water . From the prison 's rooftop , the inmate says he is devastated -- but he does n't mention food or drink . He says he does n't know what happened to his family during the storm . Desperate victims at airport Magina Fernandez 's voice cracks as she comes face to face with Philippines President Benigno Aquino III at Tacloban 's airport . Help , she says , has n't come quickly enough . "  We need to get the word out , " she tells him , "  because the Philippine government ca n't do this alone . " Fernandez was among the steady stream of typhoon victims arriving at the airport , searching for food , water and a chance to escape . She tells CNN she is desperate to leave the city . "  Get international help to come here now -- not tomorrow , now , " she says . "  This is really , really like bad , bad , worse than hell , worse than hell . " Water , wind and fire create catastrophe Fear spreads Richard Young wears a green whistle on a plastic strap around his neck . He has been carrying it since Saturday night when small groups started forming to defend his neighborhood . They stayed up all night , he says , prepared to whistle if they saw any looting . But whistles are n't the only thing they have , he says . Many also are carrying weapons . "  As long as they do n't harm my kids , my family , that 's OK , " he says . "  But once we are threatened , we will shoot . All of us , we are ready . " Already , the Filipino businessman says he 's been shocked at the looting he 's seen in the city -- not just food , he says , but large appliances like refrigerators and washing machines . Thieves , he says , have already ransacked his shop and others nearby . "  We are very afraid . ... In Tacloban we are almost 98 % Catholics , and I ca n't believe they did this , " he says . "  Nobody would think it 's going to be lawlessness . " ` We were just floating ' Tacloban City Councilor Cristina Gonzales-Romualdez and her husband , Mayor Alfred Romualdez were at their home facing the Pacific Ocean when the storm surge came , CNN affiliate ABS-CBN reported Tuesday . Suddenly , water burst into the home and rose so quickly , the people inside had to punch holes in the ceiling and climb to the second floor to avoid being swept away , Gonzales-Romualdez told the network . She found herself worried she would be swept out to sea . "  We were just floating , I was holding on to my kids , " she said . Bodies everywhere Days after the storm hit , bodies remain everywhere , some crudely covered , others exposed to the burning sun , CNN 's Paula Hancocks reports . Two bodies , one large and one small , lay under what appeared to be a bus shelter below a sign with the phrase , "  I  heart  Tacloban . " Officials tell Hancocks they are focusing on the living , but the bodies pose a health risk to survivors . "  The stench is overpowering , " she said . Shocked by the devastation Sebastian Rhodes Stampa knows devastation . The U.N. disaster assessment team chief has been to some of the worst crisis zones in the world . The devastation from Typhoon Haiyan simply took his breath away when he set foot in Tacloban . "  I have to say , I was caught by surprise , " he said Monday . "  Just getting off the military transport and looking at the airport , it almost was n't there . It was utterly destroyed . " Traveling the region , he has seen huge boats thrown from the sea well up onto shore , and buildings knocked flat by the towering storm surge . In all , he said , these are scenes of "  appalling devastation and tragedy . " Checkpoints on crucial road Police checkpoints appeared Monday on the 9-mile  15-kilomter  road from the airport to Tacloban . Officers told Hancocks that desperate residents looking for food and water had been jumping onto trucks leaving the airport . But CNN 's Andrew Stevens spent three to four hours in bumper-to-bumper traffic on the airport road and saw no aid trucks . "  We 're still going past dead bodies , we 're still going past a shattered landscape , " he reported . The Marine contingent brought trucks to increase the capacity to bring supplies into the city . Hundreds volunteer to pack aid At the provincial welfare office in Cebu , hundreds of volunteers pack food and supplies into sturdy white bags . An employee who gives his name as Richard tells CNN 's Anna Coren that students , workers and even tourists from Germany had arrived to help . "  I 'm deeply touched , " he said . Hospital without supplies A hand-drawn sign at the front of St. Paul 's Hospital in Tacloban gives a sense of the dire situation there . "  No admissions , " it says . "  No supplies . " Interactive map of the storm Without electricity at the large private hospital in this storm-ravaged city , workers used headlamps for light as they performed emergency first aid on victims who streamed in with wounds from flying debris . "  We just ca n't keep going , " one doctor says . "  There 's just no supplies . " Children ripped from arms Searching for family lost in the storm Splintered wood beams cover the ground where roads once connected a neighborhood near the coastline . Here , the storm surge plowed down homes , leaving behind mounds of rubble as far as the eye can see . Authorities pleaded with residents in the coastal area to evacuate as the storm approached . It 's unclear how many did , and how many may be missing . Amid the chaos , one man says he is searching for his father , brothers and uncles under the rubble . "  We all tried to leave , but it was too late , " he says . "  I got separated when the waters started rising . I do n't know what happened to them . " Devastation for miles From the air , the damage to Tacloban is striking . Forests of palm trees were mowed down on hills surrounding the city . Inside the city , the damage is catastrophic . The storm surge shoved massive freight ships ashore . Many buildings were flattened . Those that were n't had large chunks ripped away by ferocious waters and winds from the storm . William Hotchkiss , general director of the Philippines ' Civil Aviation Authority , says he 's never seen anything like it in decades of flying over the country after storms . He says he fears his country faces more disasters like this in the future . "  The biggest challenge , " he says , "  is to sort of come up with structures that will take into consideration what they call ` the new normal ' -- storms that are maybe as destructive as this one . " How to help Philippines gets more than its share of disasters CNN 's David Simpson , Tim Schwarz , Brad Olsen , Chandrika Narayan and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : "  My child has been buried , " one survivor says Contamination concerns take back seat as residents use what water they can find At a prison in Tacloban , inmates threaten to break out A hospital with no supplies turns away patients
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Royal Dutch Shell said Tuesday that it may not be able to meet its oil supply obligations in Nigeria after an attack on its major pipeline . Heavily armed Nigerian rebels pose a constant threat to oil pipelines in the country . The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta  MEND  , a rebel group , said "  detonation engineers backed by heavily armed fighters " sabotaged two of Shell 's pipelines early Monday . After a helicopter flyover of the area , Shell confirmed that parts of its large Nembe Creek "  trunk line " were damaged , company spokeswoman Caroline Wittgen said . The company shut down some production "  to limit the amount of crude that will spill into the environment , " she said . Hours later , it declared "  force majeure , " a legal term meaning it could not meet its supply obligations in the region because of the attack . " -LSB- Shell -RSB- is working hard to repair the line and restore production , " Wittgen said . Nigeria is the fourth-largest supplier of oil to the United States , and attacks by rebels have helped fuel the year-long spike in crude oil prices . It 's one of many factors pushing up the price of gas in the U.S. , where one in every 10 barrels of oil comes from Nigeria . MEND -- the largest rebel group -- has targeted foreign oil companies since 2006 . It has bombed pipelines and kidnapped hundreds of foreign oil workers , typically releasing them unharmed , sometimes after receiving a ransom payment . MEND hopes to secure a greater share of oil wealth for people in the delta , where more than 70 percent of the population lives on less than a dollar a day . Its attacks on oil facilities have taken a toll . "  Anytime a pipeline is affected , anytime any production gets shut down , you see oil prices jump up one or two dollars a barrel just because there is no slack in the system , " said Jim LeCamp , a senior vice president with RBC Wealth Management , which manages assets for wealthy clients worldwide . Exxon and Shell are two of several companies that have been extracting 2 million barrels of oil a day in Nigeria . Recent rebel attacks on oil pipelines in the Niger Delta have cut overall production by roughly 10 percent -- meaning 200,000 fewer barrels of oil on some days . That decrease in production comes at a time of increased demand from oil-hungry regions such as China , Russia and Latin America . "  Anytime there 's a disruption there , it really affects the system , " LeCamp said in a recent interview with CNN .	Shell says it may not be able to meet supply contracts after Nigerian attack Two of Shell 's oil pipelines sabotaged by rebel groups on Monday Company is working to repair the lines and get production running normally
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- We were scheduled to speak with Steve Martin just after his sound check for a concert in Los Angeles to benefit the city 's public libraries . We pulled into the parking structure 45 minutes early when my cell phone rang . It was Martin 's publicist . Steve Martin has been playing the banjo for decades . His new album is a collection of bluegrass tunes . "  Hey , where are you ? " she asked urgently . "  We 're in the garage , " I replied . "  Can you get up here quickly ? He 's ready . " A musician ready early ? There goes his street cred . Interviewing Martin can be like an awkward first date . Like many comedians , he 's polite , but he sometimes struggles to make eye contact , gives monosyllabic answers and leaves the impression that he wants to be anywhere but talking to you . But when the subject is his new album , "  The Crow : New Songs for the Five-String Banjo , " he 's chatty , enthusiastic and engaged . On the CD , the comic/actor/novelist / playwright/musician shows off his picking skills as well as his ability to craft witty bluegrass songs with titles such as "  Hoedown at Alice 's , " "  Wally on the Run " and "  Late for School . " It 's been his passion for 45 of his 63 years . This past weekend , the ultimate Hollywood hyphenate made his debut at the Grand Ole Opry . "  The Crow " has received more than respectable reviews , but that 's not surprising , given Martin 's uncanny ability to excel in whatever he does -- except maybe idle chitchat . The following is an edited version of the interview : CNN : People know you as a versatile artist , but now it 's about the banjo and your bluegrass album , "  The Crow : New Songs for the Five-String Banjo . " Steve Martin : I did a lot of things when I first started out . In order to be in show business , I juggled , I did magic tricks , cards tricks and I played the banjo . CNN : You 've been playing it for 45 years , right ? Martin : Yes , I have . It 's a long time , and I remember when I was going through a particularly difficult time of learning , I 'd go , "  Well , if I just stick with it , one day I 'll be saying , ` I 've been playing for 40 years . ' " CNN : Picking up the banjo might seem likely if you grew up in the Appalachians -- maybe Kentucky or somewhere down South . But you grew up in Garden Grove , California . This is the O.C. Martin : There was a lot of musical activity in Orange County in the 1960s . There were the Dillards , and Doc Watson would come by , Ramblin ' Jack Elliott , all these different players . I also had this friend , John McEuen , in high school , and he played , and he actually produced this album now -- 45 years later . -LSB- McEuen is a founding member of country-bluegrass group , the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band . -RSB- CNN : Is n't John the one who taught you how to do an "  Open D " tuning on the banjo ? Martin : Yes , he did . CNN : See , I read your CD liner notes . -LSB- Both laugh -RSB- There 's a cute little story in there about taking a photo of the three things you love most -- your wife , your dog and the banjo . Martin : Well , we all love more things that that . I just happened to take a photo , and there was my wife , my dog and my banjo , all in the same shot -- and I thought , "  Oh , that 's like a family portrait right there . " CNN : Sounds like your next Christmas card to me . ... You 're playing a benefit for the Los Angeles Public Library . Martin : As you can see , it 's sold out -LSB- gestures to an empty room -RSB- . ... You know , it 's also a little bit sneaky , because doing a benefit takes the pressure off having to be so great . This is the first time I 've really played banjo live as a concert -- ever . I mean , I 've played a song or two , but I 've never done a dozen songs , so I hope people will be forgiving . CNN : Are you nervous at all ? Martin : I 'm a little nervous . CNN : Really ? A little butterfly or two ? I 'm surprised . Martin : No butterflies , but it 's very different playing music onstage if you 're not used to it . I mean , doing comedy is one thing . I used to get nervous on that , but I was very practiced . I 'm as practiced as I can be . I 'm performing with the Steep Canyon Rangers , a group I met in North Carolina . They 're a renowned bluegrass group -- young men who play and sing really , really well . I 'm lucky to have them . CNN : You 've won three Grammys and an Emmy . You do all kinds of things -- a modern-day Renaissance man . Martin : Well , in a strange way , I do n't have a job , so I have a lot of time on my hands . When I do work , it might be very concentrated , and it might be months where you 're not really doing anything except maybe playing the banjo or writing something . You know , there 's a lot of time in the day if you 're not working 9 to 5 . CNN : Writing books , writing plays , doing comedy , writing music ? Martin : It 's been a long life . CNN : So have you decided whether you 're going to embark on a full-fledged tour ? Martin : I 'm kind of seeing if -- you know , I have n't really performed for a long , long time -- 30 years live onstage . You know , I 've done things like host the Oscars and things like that . But it 's a little different . You have to get comfortable , you really have to know what you 're doing , and it has to be almost boring to you to be able to do it well . You have to be so confident . I need to get some shows under my belt just to feel really good about it . CNN : They always say comedians are the least confident people in the entertainment industry . Do you feel like you 're not confident ? Martin : No , I feel confident , but I know what they mean because when you tell a joke , it might last six seconds , and then you have to tell another joke . But a song lasts three minutes , and then you have another song for three minutes and you 've killed six minutes . In that time , a comedian does 360 jokes . Might not be the right math but anyway . CNN : When you guest-hosted "  Saturday Night Live " in January , you performed one of the songs on your new album -- which you immediately made available on the Web . Martin : It was an exclusive release on Amazon because I knew I was doing "  SNL , " and I wanted the record to be available , and the only way you could get it available that quickly was electronically . And now it 's out on Rounder in a more normal release now . CNN : Are you a big iPod guy who downloads stuff constantly ? Martin : I do , a lot . I find a lot of songs that way . I use the Internet a lot to find music . I always download it legally -- especially my own songs . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- I think it 's very important to keep that honor among yourselves . CNN : Who do you find a lot of your fans are musically ? Are they people who have followed your career from the early days of "  SNL " ? Martin : I honestly do n't know . It 's too new . I do n't know if there are any fans . I know that the record sold really well on Amazon , but you know there 's a bluegrass audience for bluegrass music , and there 's probably an audience that wants to see , "  OK , let 's see if this idiot can play . " CNN : Can you ? Martin : We 'll see tonight . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- I do have a record out .	Steve Martin 's new album is not comedy but features bluegrass music Martin is an accomplished banjo player , often used instrument as prop Martin just made debut at Grand Ole Opry in Nashville , Tennessee
London  CNN  -- Peaches Geldof , the daughter of musician Bob Geldof and the late Paula Yates , died of a heroin overdose after relapsing into use of the illegal drug following attempts to give it up , an inquest heard Wednesday . The death of the 25-year-old TV host in April at her home in Wrotham , Kent , southeast of London , shocked the entertainment world . Detective Chief Inspector Paul Fotheringham of Kent police told the inquest that Geldof had been addicted to heroin for a number of years but had ceased taking the drug more recently . Geldof , who had two children younger than 2 , had been supported by drug treatment workers for 2 1/2 years , being prescribed methadone , he said . She had said she wanted to come off methadone completely and was following a reduction plan . A drug test in November indicated that she was not taking any illegal drugs , he said . However , in February , witnesses reported suspicions that she had started using heroin again . High-grade heroin Fotheringham 's report to the inquest gave new details of Geldof 's death . Police who searched the house where she died found a black cloth bag hidden in a cupboard above the door of a spare bedroom , he said . Inside was a bag containing what tests proved to be heroin as well as a bag of citric acid , used to make the heroin more soluble in water for injection , according to the report . The bag also held dozens of syringes , some sealed while others contained traces of a brown residue , alcohol wipes , cotton buds and cards advertising a needle exchange in central London . According to a police drug expert , PC Adrian Parsons , the heroin found was of "  importation quality " -- that is , with a purity of 61 % , compared with the average 26 % purity found at street level . The 6.91 grams  about a quarter-ounce  recovered would have been worth  # 350 to  # 550  about $ 600 to $ 940  , Fotheringham said . Burnt spoon , knotted tights Geldof was discovered sitting slumped on a bed in the spare bedroom by her husband , rock musician Tom Cohen , who went to their home after he became concerned when he could n't contact her . The couple 's younger son , Phaedra , was in the house at the time , having been dropped off by Cohen 's father the previous afternoon . The musician had taken both children to spend the weekend at his parents ' home . A pair of knotted black tights was found under her body , and a burnt spoon containing a small amount of a brown residue in the bowl was found under the bed , Fotheringham said . The tights could have been used as a tourniquet while she was injecting the drug . An autopsy also found evidence of recent puncture marks on the inside of both elbows and on her left hand . The inquest heard that tests by a forensic scientist suggested recent use of the drug , resulting in a "  high " concentration of heroin in Geldof 's body , which was "  at the end of the range of values at which fatalities have occurred . " She was not under the influence of alcohol at the time of her death , tests revealed . Nor had she taken a significant amount of any other substances in the hours leading up to her death . Reduced tolerance ? The scientist 's report notes that people using heroin regularly "  develop a tolerance to the drug , and such individuals can use doses that would be toxic , or fatal , to people with no tolerance . " But it adds that tolerance "  appears to be lost fairly rapidly when users cease to use the drug , and deaths commonly occur in people who have previously been tolerant and have returned to using heroin . " Fotheringham 's report concluded , "  There is no indication that any other third party was present or involved in her death and there is no indication that Peaches intended to take her own life or harm herself in any way as she was reported to be of happy disposition and planning for the future with friends and family . " Geldof was 11 years old when her mother died of a drug overdose . Kent police continue to investigate who supplied the heroin to Geldof , but no arrests have been made . CNN 's Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	NEW : Puncture marks found on Peaches Geldof 's arms and one hand , an inquest hears Geldof had been addicted to heroin for a number of years but tried to give it up She had been on a methadone program , an inquest hears Police found heroin in her home of a much greater purity than average found on the street
CNN  -- Cheers in Moscow . Outrage in Kiev . Bloodshed in Simferopol . Tuesday saw Russian President Vladimir Putin announce the annexation of Crimea , two days after voters in that semiautonomous territory approved a hastily called referendum on separating from Ukraine . Putin told a joint session of Russia 's Parliament that the nearly 97 % of Crimean residents who voted to join Russia over the weekend was "  an extremely convincing figure . " "  In our hearts , we know Crimea has always been an inalienable part of Russia , " he said . Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk called it "  a robbery on an international scale , " one that Kiev will never accept . "  One country has come and temporarily stolen part of of the territory of an independent country , " he said . "  It will be difficult to find a quick resolution to this problem , but Russia is now isolated by the whole international community . " And after a member of its military was killed , another wounded and more captured when masked gunmen seized their base near the Crimean regional capital , Simferopol , Ukraine 's defense ministry authorized its forces to open fire . Yatsenyuk warned that the crisis was shifting "  from political to the military form , and the blame is on the Russian military . " Crimea , which has an ethnic Russian majority , has long been a semiautonomous region within Ukraine . It has had its own Parliament , but the Ukrainian government had veto power over its actions . After the revolt that forced pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych from office in February , Russian troops poured into the Crimean Peninsula , effectively cutting it off in support of a pro-Russian government that took power in Simferopol . Putin said Tuesday that Russia had to act as Ukraine 's new government , backed by the United States and European powers , prepared "  to seize the state through terror and murders . " "  The main executors of this were nationalists , Russia-phobes and anti-Semites , " he said . "  Those people define what is happening today in Ukraine . " But international observers have said Moscow saw its chance to annex a strategic territory , one that was transferred to Ukraine in the Soviet era and which still hosts the home port of Russia 's Black Sea Fleet . Ukraine 's interim President , Oleksandr Turchynov , told reporters that Putin is "  mimicking the fascists of the last century " by annexing Crimea . "  The political leadership of Russia will have to answer before the whole world for crimes they are committing today in our country , " Turchynov said . Cameron : Annexation sends ' a chilling message ' Putin declared Tuesday that "  We have not used our armed forces in Crimea , " despite what has been stated by international observers and the government of Kiev . He said the 22,000 Russian troops in Crimea did not enter during the current crisis , but "  were already there , " in accordance with previous international negotiations . Russian forces were allowed in Crimea under a treaty that allowed the Black Sea Fleet to be based there , but the movements of its forces within Crimea are supposed to be agreed upon with Kiev . Putin praised those forces for avoiding bloodshed , but the tensions appear to have boiled over into violence Tuesday . Masked gunmen killed a member of Ukraine 's military , wounded another and arrested the remaining staff of Ukraine 's military topographic and navigation directorate at Simferopol , Defense Ministry spokesman Vladislav Seleznyov told CNN . After that , the Defense Ministry authorized its forces in Crimea to use weapons "  to protect and preserve the life of Ukrainian soldiers , " according to a statement posted on its website . Petro Poroshenko , a Ukrainian member of Parliament and former foreign minister , said Tuesday that his country stands at "  the beginning of a very dangerous conflict , and we should do our best to stop this process . " "  Several weeks ago , we had a guarantee that nothing -LSB- would -RSB- happen with the Crimea . Several weeks ago we had -LSB- a situation -RSB- that there is not any military presence on Ukrainian territory , including the Crimea , " he told CNN 's "  Amanpour " program . Now , he said , "  I strongly believe that this is not only Ukrainian territory is now threatened . " "  Now under attack can be any country in the European Union , including other parts of Ukraine , " said Poroshenko , a billionaire and leading potential candidate for president . "  That 's why we should think that it can never happen again . " U.S. and EU officials imposed sanctions on more than two dozen Russian and Crimean officials Monday and have urged Russia to avoid escalating the crisis , but Moscow has ignored those calls . Tuesday 's annexation brought a new round of condemnation from the West , with British Prime Minister David Cameron saying it sends "  a chilling message across the continent of Europe . " "  It is completely unacceptable for Russia to use force to change borders , on the basis of a sham referendum held at the barrel of a Russian gun , " Cameron said in a statement issued by Downing Street . "  President Putin should be in no doubt that Russia will face more serious consequences , and I will push European leaders to agree further EU measures when we meet on Thursday . " Russia faces ` more than just sanctions , ' Biden says The G7 group of industrialized nations had already suspended preparations for a planned G8 summit in the Russian city of Sochi . Now , U.S. President Barack Obama has invited his counterparts from the other G7 countries and the European Union to a meeting of next week on the margins of a nuclear security summit in The Hague , U.S. National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said . The planned meeting comes amid speculation that Russia will get kicked out of the G8 -- which comprises the G7 countries plus Russia -- because of its actions in Crimea . In Washington , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry criticized "  this rise of a kind of nationalism that is exercised unilaterally , to the exclusion of the international legal process . " "  That 's what we have worked hard to avoid ever since World War II , " Kerry said . He acknowledged that Russia has interests in Crimea and "  an enormous historical connection to Ukraine , " but said he was "  really struck and somewhat surprised and even disappointed " by Putin 's case for annexing the territory . "  With all due respect , it just did n't  jibe  with reality or what 's happening on the ground , " Kerry said . "  The President may have his version of history , but I believe that he and Russia , for what they have done , are on the wrong side of history . " German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the "  so-called referendum " and the acceptance of Crimea to the Russian Federation "  goes against international law , " while French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius and a French delegation have postponed a planned visit to Moscow because of the Ukrainian situation , the Russian Foreign Ministry said . And U.S. Vice President Joe Biden , dispatched to reassure NATO allies in Eastern Europe , said Russia faces "  more than just sanctions " unless it abandons its "  land grab " in Crimea . "  We 're talking about Russia putting itself on a path that undermines long-term confidence and creates obstacles for its full participation in the global economy , " Biden said after talks in Poland 's capital , Warsaw . "  That path that they 've placed themselves on does nothing to help the next generation of Russians compete and succeed in a world that will be led by the most dynamic and open economies . " Condemnation abroad , cheers at home But lawmakers in Moscow met Putin 's address with regular and enthusiastic applause . The Russian leader accused the West of "  double standards " and cynicism in its response to the Crimean crisis , citing Kosovo -- which split from Russia 's historical ally Serbia over fierce objections from Belgrade -- as a precedent . "  It 's absolutely in favor of their own interests -- black today , white tomorrow , " he said . Russia 's Parliament is expected to vote on ratifying Crimea 's accession to the Russian Federation by the end of the week . The speaker of Russia 's upper house of Parliament , Valentina Matvineko , told state-run Russia-24 TV that the process of adding a new member to the Russian Federation "  can be done rather promptly . " And hours after the annexation announcement , Putin appeared at a huge celebration on Red Square organized by his supporters -- a sign of his widespread popularity at home . An opinion poll by the Moscow-based Levada Center puts his approval rating at 72 % -- the highest in more than three years , and the second-highest point of his presidency . The highest point came in 2008 , during Russia 's conflict with Georgia , another former Soviet republic . "  Putin in many senses , on many levels , crystallizes the Russian national consciousness , " biographer Alexander Korobko told CNN . "  For the past 100 years perhaps , we have never had a leader who would appeal to the Russian soul ... as much as Putin . " Most Russians and Crimeans feel Crimea "  is coming back home , " and a country that can produce "  pretty much anything " has little fear of sanctions , he said . "  It is absolutely not in the U.S. interest to impose sanctions on Russia , because who will take American astronauts to space if not us Russians ? " Korobko asked . Crimea 's vote : Was it legal ? Opinion : Obama ca n't have it both ways on Crimea West 's sanctions on Russia : Are they just for show ? Opinion : Putin wo n't stop at Crimea CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow and Matt Smith wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Frederik Pleitgen , Nick Paton Walsh , Elena Sandreyev and Mick Krever contributed to this report .	NEW : Putin , Russia "  on the wrong side of history , " Kerry says NEW : Ukraine faces ` the beginning of a very dangerous conflict , ' lawmaker says Putin calls Crimea "  an inalienable part of Russia " as he signs annexation pact Ukraine authorizes use of force after bloodshed in Crimea
New York  CNN  -- A famously macabre painting by Andy Warhol sold for $ 105.4 million Wednesday , a record for the famed pop artist and the second-most expensive piece of art ever auctioned , according to Sotheby 's auction house . "  Silver Car Crash  Double Disaster  " shows a twisted body in the wreckage of a car crash , part of Warhol 's vaunted "  Death and Disaster " series , painted in 1963 . Arts magazine ARTNews published an interview with Warhol in November 1963 , in which the artist said of the series , "  I guess it was the big plane crash picture , the front page of a newspaper : 129 DIE . I was also painting the Marilyns . I realized that everything I was doing must have been Death . " The large painting , which measures 8 feet by 13 feet , is one of only four works of that size in the series and the only one remaining in a private collection , according to Sotheby 's . It had been in a private collection since 1989 and has rarely been viewed in public . Sotheby 's declined to identify the buyer . " ` Silver Car Crash ' is the most important work of contemporary art we have ever had the privilege to offer , and its exceptional result is a testament to that fact , " said Tobias Meyer , worldwide head of contemporary art at Sotheby 's and the evening 's auctioneer . Another well-known painting from the 1960s also sold for over $ 100 million this week . On Tuesday , Francis Bacon 's "  Three Studies of Lucian Freud " sold for $ 142.4 million after six minutes of bidding in the room and on the phone at Christie 's in New York , the most expensive piece of art ever auctioned , according to auction house spokeswoman Elizabeth Van Bergen . Another iconic Warhol image , "  Coca-Cola  3  , " sold for $ 57.2 million Tuesday at Christie 's . "  Silver Car Crash  Double Disaster  " was one of several Warhol pieces in the Sotheby 's auction Wednesday . "  Liz # 1  Early Colored Liz  " drew $ 20.3 million and "  Flowers  Five Foot Flowers  " sold for $ 11.3 million , according to the auction house . Andy Warhol pops up in China ... again CNN 's Sho Wills and Allie Malloy contributed to this report .	"  Silver Car Crash  Double Disaster  " shows twisted body , wreckage of car crash Price is a record for a Warhol work ; Sotheby 's auction house declines to name the buyer It 's the second-most expensive piece of art ever auctioned , Sotheby 's says Auction house calls it "  the most important work of contemporary art " it 's ever sold
The U.S. military went into Somalia with one goal in mind : Kill Ahmed Abdi Godane , the leader of Al-Shabaab . One day later , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said flatly , "  We certainly believe that we hit what we were aiming at . " What he did not say is whether Godane is dead . The United States is "  assessing the effectiveness right now " of the attack launched hours earlier , Kirby said Tuesday , including who , if anyone , was killed . He did acknowledge that U.S. Special Operations forces flew aircraft that , along with unmanned aircraft , "  destroyed an encampment and a vehicle using several Hellfire missiles and laser-guided missiles . " No American troops were on the ground . The attack was directed at Al-Shabaab and , specifically , its leader Godane . He has headed the network as it has terrorized East Africa , killing Somali officials , aid workers and others in a spate of suicide bombings . Godane allegedly was behind 2013 's brazen , ghastly siege of a Nairobi , Kenya , shopping mall . It 's not just what Godane , who has pledged his group 's allegiance to al Qaeda , has done that made him a target . It 's what Al-Shabaab was planning to bring through more bloodshed , chaos and terror to the region . The U.S. government ca n't say yet whether Godane survived the attack in south-central Somalia . But if he did not , Kirby surmised , East Africa is now a safer , better place . "  If he was killed , this is a very significant blow to their network , to their organization , " the Pentagon spokesman said , "  and we believe their ability to continue to conduct terror attacks . " An Al-Shababb Twitter account said one person was killed in the attack , but it was n't Godane . " ` Ahmed Abdi Godane ' is alive and doing fine , " the tweet from HSM Press Office said , calling itself an "  official mujahedin account " in the Islamic land of Somalia . CNN was unable to verify the authenticity of the report . Somali official : ` Never heard such a huge ... blast ' Tipped off by what Kirby called "  actionable intelligence ... strong enough " to suggest Godane 's whereabouts , U.S. commandos flew -- aided by drones overhead -- into an area south of the African nation 's capital Mogadishu around 6:20 p.m.  11:20 a.m. ET  Monday . Lower Shabelle Gov. Abdikadir Mohamed Nur Sidii characterized the attack near the port city of Barawe as so ferocious . "  It jolted the entire region . " "  I never heard such a huge and deafening blast as the result of the airstrike , " Sidii said . Kirby did n't elaborate on exactly how much firepower was used , beyond that there were multiple Hellfire and laser-guided missiles . Somali intelligence officials counted at least four such missiles . The targets were what the Pentagon spokesman described as "  an encampment " and a vehicle inside it , not to mention Al-Shabaab leaders believed to be there . Kirby said that he expects the attack -- like others U.S. forces have conducted against terror groups -- sends a message . "  The operation that we 've conducted , we believe , is an example of the U.S. government and our allies and partners ' commitment to the people and the government of Somalia , " he said , "  to detect , deter , disrupt and defeat violent extremists who threaten progress in the region , as well as threaten to conduct terrorist attacks against innocent people around the world . " To figure out if the operation achieved its goals , the U.S. military will need help . That 's because , Kirby explained , no American forces were on the ground before or after the mission . He did n't specify who would get to the bottom of what happened , saying simply , "  We continue to work with partners in the region . " U.S. has gone after Al-Shabaab before The United States has previously gone after Al-Shabaab in Somalia . That includes at least two strikes this past year ordered by President Barack Obama 's administration . That 's part of a long-running , multinational effort targeting the group , including an operation launched last week to cut off the group 's supply lines along the Somali coast . Al-Shabaab has been on the defensive of late . Its militants have started to withdraw from the port city of Barawe in recent days . On Monday , the African Union Mission in Somalia announced that military forces had retaken several important towns in the Middle Shabelle and Hiiran regions . But no one is counting Al-Shabaab out quite yet . The group has shown its audacity and violent ways before . It has been blamed , and taken responsibility , for attacks on city streets , at markets , at prisons and a United Nations compound in Mogadishu . It 's most high-profile attack came last year at Nairobi 's upscale Westgate mall , when terrorists casually walked into the mall , pulled out weapons and began gunning down shoppers . The gunmen were accused of torturing some hostages before killing them . As many as 67 people died in the siege , and parts of the mall were destroyed . That and many of these other attacks occurred under Godane 's watch . If he 's now gone , CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said , it would be a serious blow to Al-Shabaab . "  Ahmed Godane is a very ruthless figure in the group , he dominates the group , " Cruickshank said . "  You could see a kind of leadership struggle emerge if , indeed , he was killed . " But it would n't necessarily be a fatal one . Godane rose to power in 2008 , after all , when a U.S. airstrike killed then-leader Aden Hashi Ayrow . "  It 's a network , and we understand that , " Kirby said Tuesday . "  We are mindful that there remain other leaders of the organization , at large . " What is Al-Shabaab ?	Pentagon spokesman : U.S. used manned , unmanned aircraft in Somalia attack It was launched based on "  actionable intelligence , " targeted group 's leader , he says No details on whether Al-Shabaab leader Ahmed Abdi Godane is dead or alive The U.S. has targeted Al-Shabaab leaders in Somalia at least twice in the past year
CNN  -- As a shivering and nervous new recruit to the British Army in 2007 -- wearing three layers just to keep warm -- Semesa Rokoduguni began to seriously question why he had left the tropical Pacific Island of Fiji . "  Everyone just looked at me and burst out laughing , " he told CNN 's Human to Hero series . With limited grasp of the English language , Rokoduguni had to bite his lip and take his medicine to earn the respect of his colleagues in the Royal Scots Dragoon Guards , a tank regiment based in Germany . But fast forward six years and Rokoduguni has had the last laugh because when he is not patrolling the front line with the army in dangerous trouble spots such as Afghanistan , he is charging to the try line at the home of rugby union Twickenham . The skills he acquired playing barefoot as a child back home in rugby-mad Fiji -- where kids often use bottles because they have no ball -- earned him a place in the British Army representative side and it was not long before professional clubs took an interest . Still a serving officer , risen to the rank of Lance Corporal , Rokoduguni signed a professional contract with leading English Premiership side Bath at the start of 2012-13 season . Star rookie Now 25 , his swift and aggressive running has seen him impress despite his rookie status and he scored a fine try in a recent win over one of the most successful clubs in European rugby , Leicester . It 's a highly unusual double life and he reminds his new teammates that although rugby is a tough and physical sport , the lifestyle is a world apart from active service . "  I 've been telling the boys at Bath , we do four patrols a day and you have to do that for every single day , there 's no Saturday or Sunday , where you get days off . It 's a hard life . " But Rokoduguni also believes the teamwork ethic that is necessary for very survival in a theater of conflict such as Afghanistan can cross over to sports . "  Trusting the guys beside you it is basically the same thing out there and on the rugby field as well , " he said . "  Team bonding is a massive thing out there , you have to trust every single one in front of you , left right and behind you . " Rokoduguni 's performance for the Army against the Navy in the traditional annual match at a packed Twickenham last year -- running in a hat-trick of tries -- brought him to national prominence for the first time . Given his outstanding performances in the pro game with Bath , expectations were high for the 2013 edition last weekend . Record crowd A record crowd of over 72,000 watched the match -- the increased interest echoing the hullabaloo which surrounds the Army-Navy clash in collegiate gridiron football in the United States -- and the Fijian ace did not disappoint . Another hat-trick of tries helped the Army team to another thrilling 43-26 victory over their arch rivals . Just setting foot for the first time on the turf at the "  Holy Grail " of the sport was an eye opener for Rokoduguni , given the rudimentary facilities he had grown up with . "  I thought , ` Oh my god , this is Twickenham . ' I 've just heard about this place and watching it on telly , I never realized that I would set foot on a ground like this . "  I was thinking back to my primary school life , playing rugby barefoot , chasing people around , smashing each other up ! " Rugby is the national sport in Fiji -- a former colony of the British Empire , hence the tradition of young men from the Pacific Island joining its armed forces . Rokoduguni 's uncle followed that route and inspired his nephew to sign up in the summer of 2007 . His brother is also serving with famous Black Watch regiment in Scotland . Despite the relatively small numbers of Fijians in the British Army , they make a large contingent of the rugby squad and for Rokoduguni it 's almost a home from home , and allows him to use his native tongue in private moments . Role model Rokoduguni is following in the footsteps of Aposoli Satala , who also represented the British Army before playing in England 's top flight with Gloucester and Sale Sharks . "  Watching him playing Premiership rugby , I thought one day I 'll be doing the same thing but , I never realized it 's going to be that soon , " Rokoduguni said . "  When I got the call from Bath coach Gary Gold I was overwhelmed , to be honest . I thought it was a joke and hung up on him ! " But Gold was deadly serious and set about transforming Rokoduguni 's raw talent into the finished product after an inauspicious start . "  On the first day of training , my passing was absolutely ridiculous , I mean I could n't even pass on my left-hand side , " he recalled . "  To get up to that level you have to work extra hard , it 's the only way you can improve yourself , the extra time you put in , the extra effort you put into the game or into the training . " But if there is one thing that the Army has instilled in Rokoduguni it is discipline : "  You have to dress up correctly , be punctual at all times , uniforms ironed . " It was a culture shock after his self-confessed "  easy life " back home -- where he admits a love for the local alcohol kava resulted in him getting a gold tooth after coming off second best in a drunken fight . "  Punctuality , shaving and haircuts , I just did n't care about that stuff ... Everything has changed a lot , " he laughed . Like Satala , who has been a star of Fiji 's world renowned seven-a-side team , Rokoduguni is also an expert of that version of rugby which relies more on speed and agility than the traditional 15-a-side game . Rugby Sevens will take its place in the Summer Olympics for the first time at Rio 2016 and Rokoduguni , who is already being tipped to have an international future , could be left with a dilemma . "  I 'm not too sure whether it 's England or Fiji , " he said , while admitting he still thinks of Suva , the capital city of Fiji as "  home " -- particularly at Christmas time when he longs for the warm weather rather than the British rain and chill . His wife and son are also back in Fiji with his parents until he can arrange for their travel visa . Soldiers supported Fame and no little fortune may await Rokoduguni but his thoughts are always with his fellow servicemen and women who are risking their lives in Afghanistan . "  I was man of the match against Newport Gwent Dragons  scoring two tries on his debut in November  and as soon as they announced my name I was thinking of them straight away , " he said . "  I dedicated the win to them to let them know that even though I 'm back here , all my support is with them out there . " Rokoduguni pays regular visits to the rehabilitation unit at Headley Court , south of London , where severely injured combatants are treated . A Fijian comrade is currently recovering there , and Rokoduguni made him a promise ahead of the latest Army-Navy game . "  I asked the doctors and nurses to make sure that they got him a television so that he could watch this game and I said that if I scored a try that I would do a backflip for him , which is what I did . " Meanwhile , back home in Fiji , Rokoduguni 's proud parents are keeping up to date with his progress by watching YouTube clips of his try-scoring exploits . Judging by his rapid rise to the top they will be glued to the worldwide web for many years to come as Rokoduguni terrorizes rugby defenses with his blistering pace and stockily built 94 kg frame . But he knows that at any time the call might come to join his regiment on a tour of duty in Afghanistan or another area of conflict where British troops will be deployed , and his sporting ambitions would have to be placed on hold .	Semesa Rokoduguni is an up and coming star of rugby union The 25-year-old Fijian has signed professional forms with top English club Bath He has starred in the annual Army-Navy match at Twickenham for past two years Rokodoguni has served on the front line in Afghanistan with his tank regiment
CNN  Scene : A warm beach in the Caribbean  because as long as I 'm setting a scene ...  , March of 2015 Two women , both , curiously , named "  Sally Kohn , " recline and sip their drinks at they stare at the blue-green water , occasionally checking their addictive mobile devices for new emails , conversing about the third season of "  House of Cards " and the political mess in Washington . They 're both bold progressives and Democrats more by default than enthusiasm . The two Sallys are debating whether Sen. Elizabeth Warren should respond to the calls from the Boston Globe and others for her to enter the 2016 race , challenging likely frontrunner Hillary Clinton . Sally "  Idealistic " Kohn desperately and impatiently wants the world to be a fairer and more just place and thinks progress toward that goal could immeasurably be helped by a bold leader articulating and pushing for big ideas at the top of the national and global political hierarchy . This Sally is wearing a skimpy bikini . Sally "  Pragmatic " Kohn wants the world to be better too , but she 's all-too-aware of how progressive idealists are chewed up , spit out and drowned out by party politics . She is conscious that Barack Obama was n't even that progressive and knows how much more centrist he became in the first six years of his presidency . This Sally is skeptical of how much politics can be changed from the inside as well as how much politics these days can change the world , especially given entrenched partisanship . She is wearing swim trunks , a long-sleeve UV protective t-shirt and two hats . Sally  Idealistic  Kohn : Elizabeth Warren is like the Obi-Wan Kenobi of American politics today -- she 's our only hope . There 's no one else speaking as sharply and powerfully about inequality and economic populism . Plus she has solutions . -LSB- She takes a sip of her pia colada . -RSB- Sally  Pragmatic  Kohn : I could n't agree more . Which is exactly why we should n't waste Warren on a dead-end presidential campaign . -LSB- She gulps her margarita . -RSB- Sally I. Kohn : First of all , you do n't know it 's a dead end . Barack Obama was the underdog in 2008 and look what happened . Plus , Warren is much more popular at this point now than he was then . Sally P. Kohn : Yeah , but in the latest CNN Democratic primary poll , Warren trails Hillary Clinton by 52 points . Even Joe Biden fared better . Sally I. Kohn : Those are national polls . Primaries are run state-by-state . And in a different poll , Democratic primary voters in Iowa and in New Hampshire favored Warren over Clinton , so ... . Sally P. Kohn : In fairness , that poll was run by Warren backers . And anyway , nationwide 79 % of Democrats have a favorable view of Clinton . Just 37 % have a favorable view of Warren . Sally I. Kohn : Because 63 % do n't know her yet . That 's why she needs to run . Sally P. Kohn : But be honest , the path to her winning is hard to see . Sure , Barack Obama did it once , but do you really think the Clinton machine will allow itself to be defeated twice ? Sally I. Kohn : Ah , and that 's reason two why Warren should run -- because even if she ca n't win , she will help shape the political debate and push Hillary Clinton to the left , especially around economic justice issues . Sally P. Kohn : Maybe , but then in four or eight years when Warren would really have a shot at the presidency , she 'll be a Mitt Romney-esque already-ran , not a bright shiny new candidate . That never helps . Sally I. Kohn : All the more reason to run now . Now is her moment . Now is our nation 's moment , crawling out of the economic crisis , still riddled with unprecedented economic inequality , we do n't need Elizabeth Warren to be president in four years or eight years or 16 . We need her now . Sally P. Kohn : I agree that Warren is transformational and has the bold vision we need right now . And is n't that exactly why she should n't run ? National big money political campaigns are where good ideas go to die . Sally I. Kohn : Maybe Elizabeth Warren can be the candidate to change all that , the candidate for the people , not the political process -- who even appeals to and unites independent and conservative voters who know the economy is ridiculously rigged for the rich and want government to stop aiding and abetting injustice . -LSB- They both laugh uproariously at the suggestion that politics could ever be about people , not big money . -RSB- Sally P. Kohn : What I will say is that now is definitely the moment for a woman president ! And Hillary 's the one with the best shot . Plus , for all her coziness with Wall Street and hawkish foreign policy , she 's still a bajillion times better than any of the Republican options . Heck , they have Congress for a few months and ca n't even govern themselves out of a paper bag . And if Hillary might not do as much as we 'd like to fix economic inequality , let 's be clear -- Republicans would just make it worse , like they did before . Which is what really worries me about Warren . There 's a reason they 're called "  spoiler candidates . " I do n't want her to spoil the Democrats ' chance to elect a woman this election . Sally I. Kohn : But no , that 's exactly why she has to run -- to make the party stronger , to make Hillary less economically centrist and quick on the military trigger . We need a bold progressive candidate we can rally behind in the primaries . And if Warren wins , great . Her vision also appeals to the broad majority of working people . And if she does n't win the primaries , still great -- we 've sent a clear message to Hillary and forced her to be more populist . Sally P. Kohn : Maybe ... Or maybe Warren runs and wastes all her political capital , making too many compromises to be a viable candidate and losing her pedestal as an irreverent outsider and then being defeated anyway , so she 's diminished in some of the power and leverage she had before , too . She 's a great leader now , right now , as is . The magnifying glass of a national campaign could expose her imperfections or even burn her up in the sun ... -LSB- She reaches for the suntan lotion . -RSB- Sally I. Kohn : ... or it could magnify her reach and impact . -LSB- She , too , reaches for the suntan lotion . -RSB- Sally P. Kohn : Maybe we just see things too differently . -LSB- They both stare down at their drinks and take another sip . -RSB- Sally P. Kohn : Hey , my margarita is half-empty . Sally I. Kohn : Oh , my pia colada is half-full . Sally P. Kohn : Either way , we both need more , eh ?	The Boston Globe and others have urged Elizabeth Warren to challenge Hillary Clinton 's likely candidacy Sally Kohn : The idealist in me wants her to run ; the pragmatist thinks we should taker a safer route
CNN  -- Gazprom is the world 's biggest producer and exporter of natural gas -- and Russia 's most powerful company . Gazprom 's current chief executive , Alexey Miller . It controls 20 percent of the world 's natural gas reserves and operates the world 's largest gas distribution network -- approximately 157,000 kilometers of pipelines covering an area from Europe to the Far East , according to its Web site . Gazprom exports energy to 32 countries and provides around 25 percent of the European Union 's gas supplies . Last month it reported an 85 percent increase in net profits to $ 20.8 billion for the first six months of 2008 . In 2007 it reported annual profits totaling nearly $ 61 billion . In 2008 the Financial Times placed it fourth on its list of the world 's top 500 corporations , as ranked by market capitalization . Formed in 1989 to replace the Soviet Ministry of the Gas Industry , Gazprom is closely tied to the Russian government , which owns a controlling 50 percent stake in the company . Current Russian President Dmitry Medvedev is a former Gazprom chairman . In recent years , an increasingly confident Moscow has used Gazprom to assert its authority over Russia 's former sphere of influence by offering heavily subsidized gas to ex-Soviet countries such as Ukraine and Belarus . But that policy has led to disputes as Gazprom has then sought to raise prices . Gazprom last week switched off gas supplies to Ukraine for the second time in two years in a row over payments and Kiev 's rejection of a proposal which would have increased the cost of gas to $ 250 per 1,000 cubic meter . Instead Gazprom said Ukraine would have to pay the full market rate of $ 418 dollars per 1,000 cubic meter . Other countries including Austria , Bulgaria , the Czech Republic , Germany , Romania , Greece and Turkey have complained that their gas supplies have also been affected at the height of demand as winter temperatures dip well below freezing in many places .	Russia 's Gazprom one of world 's most powerful energy companies Gazprom controls 20 percent of world 's natural gas reserves Russian government owns controlling stake ; Company made $ 61B last year Kremlin has used Gazprom to exert influence over former Soviet states
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two U.S. Air Force F-15s escorted two Russian Bear long-range bombers out of an air exclusion zone off the coast of Alaska , U.S. military officials said Wednesday . Two U.S. Air Force F-15s were dispatched to meet the Russian bombers . U.S. radar picked up the Russian turbo-prop Tupolev-95 planes about 500 miles off the Alaska coast . The U.S. fighters from Elmendorf Air Force Base were dispatched to meet the bombers and escorted them out of the area without incident , the officials said . The United States maintains the air exclusion zone off the coast of Alaska , barring unidentified aircraft or aircraft that do n't file flight plans inside that area . The last case of Russian aircraft approaching the U.S. coastline or ships in the Pacific was in February . Then , four Bear bombers flew near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz , with one of them flying about 2,000 feet from the Nimitz 's deck . Russia 's Defense Ministry said at the time there was no violation of flight regulations during the incident . A ministry official described the flights as standard operating procedure for air force training . Meanwhile , U.S. military officials say the incidents are not a concern . They say it 's the Russian military flexing its ability and presence . E-mail to a friend	U.S. radar picks up the Russian planes about 500 miles off the Alaska coast The Russians entered an air exclusion zone They are escorted out of the area without incident Russian planes last came near the U.S. coastline in February
CNN  -- Norwegian prosecutors have asked that alleged mass killer Anders Breivik be transferred to a psychiatric institution because they believe he is mentally ill , a spokeswoman for the prosecutor 's office told CNN . If that does not happen , prosecutors will ask for 21 years of prison for Breivik . Norway 's Breivik gives chilling account of gun massacre Breivik is on trial on charges of voluntary homicide and committing acts of terror in the July 22 , 2011 , attacks . He has admitted carrying out an attack on a youth camp on Utoya Island that killed 69 people and a bombing in Oslo that killed eight . He boasts of being an ultranationalist who killed his victims to fight multiculturalism in Norway . Last month , Breivik promised that he would not appeal if a court finds him sane and guilty .	Prosecutors say they want Breivik taken to a psychiatric institution If not , they will ask for 21 years in prison Breivik is on trial for attacks that killed 77 people
CNN  -- On her way to Haiti , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Sunday that the United States would n't cut aid to the economically and politically unsettled Caribbean nation -- despite major concerns about its recent and upcoming presidential elections . Clinton said she planned to keep up pressure on the Port-au-Prince government , headed by President Rene Preval , to honor recommendations from the Organization of American States related to who is on the ballot for its pivotal upcoming presidential runoff . Still , she said that any political differences would not affect U.S. support for Haiti , an already impoverished country before a devastating earthquake last year followed months later by a deadly cholera outbreak . More than 200,000 people have been sickened and 4,030 have died as of January 24 , according to the latest report posted by the ministry . "  We are not talking about any of that , " Clinton told reporters . "  We have a deep commitment to the Haitian people . And that  applies  to humanitarian aid , it goes to governance and democracy programs . " While Clinton will visit a cholera clinic , addressing Haiti 's political turmoil will largely dominate her visit . Shortly after the November 28 presidential elections , Haiti 's electoral council announced that former first lady Mirlande Manigat had won but lacked a majority of votes for an outright victory . Initial results put her in a runoff with Jude Celestin , a protege of the president . The third-place candidate , popular musician Michel Martelly , claimed he had won more votes than Celestin and a review of results by an Organization of American States team supported that contention . That review suggested that Martelly earned a spot in the runoff . "  The international community has been very clear , and I am going to carry that message , " said Clinton , alluding to the U.S. support for allowing Martelly on the runoff ballot . "  But I will also be listening . " She said she 'll meet with all three potential candidates -- Manigat , Celestin and Martelly -- during her trip this week to Haiti , as well as with President Rene Preval . On Sunday , Clinton acknowledged "  many complications " and "  legitimate concerns , " including a tight timeline . But she added that the United States was in sync with the prevailing view of diplomats from North and South America , as well as the United Nations and European Union . It 's unclear whether Preval 's ruling Inite  Unity  party plans to withdraw its support of Celestin in light of the election review . Discontent with Preval and his government manifested itself on the streets of Haiti after the preliminary results were announced . Haitians charged vote fraud and burned cars , tires and Celestin 's campaign headquarters in Port-au-Prince . The electoral council said it will announce the final results of the first round on Wednesday . The runoff is scheduled for March 20 , and final results will not be known until April 16 . "  If there are ideas that we should follow up on , we will take those into account , " Clinton said of her planned discussions with Haitian leaders and candidates . "  But we want to see the OAS recommendations followed . " CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report	NEW : Clinton says the U.S. wo n't end humanitarian relief , despite major political concerns NEW : She says she 'll push to get 3rd candidate on the runoff ballot , as other groups have done Clinton will meet with Haitian president and various political leaders during her visit
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- People in southern California dropped simultaneously to ground Thursday morning , huddled under tables and held on for about a minute in what is being billed as the largest earthquake drill in history . A researcher shows how shock waves of a 7.8-magnitude earthquake would fan across California . More than 5 million people registered to participate in the drill . It was part of the weeklong Great Southern California ShakeOut , a series of events organized by scientists and emergency officials to prepare people for a major earthquake , something scientists and researchers think is overdue in the area . Most participants -- whether in classrooms , offices or homes -- were expected to take cover under tables or desks and hold on as though a devastating earthquake were rattling buildings and structures . Despite the number of registrants , organizers have no way of knowing exactly how many people dived under furniture at 10 a.m. and waited for the imaginary seismic activity to cease . "  We wanted it to be so big that you really ca n't manage it , " Mark Benthien , executive director of the Earthquake Country Alliance , said of the drill . The alliance -- composed of earthquake professionals , emergency personnel and business and government leaders -- organized the drill . Watch Californians participate in the drill " Benthien explained that the registration list is the only basis of estimating how many people participated . "  We 're not getting reports in " other than anecdotal stories , he said . The organizers are encouraging participants who had not registered to do so now , so the number would be more accurate , he added . He said medical and emergency personnel were involved in simulated exercises , including responses to staged collapsed buildings and to medical emergencies . Their drills will continue for several days , he said . Some radio and television stations were to guide participants with drill broadcasts . Thursday 's drill was based on a scenario of a magnitude-7 .8 earthquake occurring along the southern San Andreas Fault , beginning at the Salton Sea and spreading north nearly 200 miles . Watch CNN 's Ted Rowlands experience an 8.0 magnitued earthquake " Such an event could kill 1,800 people , injure 50,000 and cause $ 200 billion in damage , according to the U.S. Geological Survey , which led a team of more than 300 experts in devising the scenario . "  It 's not a matter of if an earthquake of this size will happen , but when , " the Great Southern California ShakeOut 's Web site says . In July , a magnitude-5 .4 earthquake -- not nearly as strong as the "  big one " researchers eventually expect -- hit the Los Angeles area . iReport.com : Watch drill participants taking shelter under desks After that earthquake , researchers said , the stress relieved by smaller tremors was minuscule compared with the amount building up for the "  big one . " Officials hope the earthquake drill will prepare residents for the big quake , whenever it may hit . View photos of the quake drill " "  From a geologist 's point of view , the answer has to be soon , " Kate Hutton , a seismologist at the California Institute of Technology , said in July , referring to a large temblor . Another moderate quake , a magnitude 5.4 , struck in April in the northern part of California . A magnitude-4 .4 quake struck the greater Los Angeles area in August 2007 . There is a 99 percent chance of California experiencing a quake of magnitude 6.7 or larger within the next 30 years , according to the Uniform California Earthquake Rupture Forecast , sponsored by the U.S. Geological Survey , the California Geological Survey and the Southern California Earthquake Center and published in Science Daily in April . Benthien said other large earthquake drills have been held in Mexico and South Korea , but "  in terms of the breadth of the participants ... we think this is the largest of that kind . " In Japan , one of the most earthquake-prone countries , residents hold a yearly earthquake drill on the anniversary of the 1923 Great Kanto earthquake , which killed more than 100,000 people . Several companies are sponsoring Great Southern California ShakeOut , including Time Warner Cable Inc. , a division of Time Warner Inc. , which is the parent company of CNN .	Drill scenario based on 7.8-magnitude quake along the southern San Andreas Fault Quake could kill 1,800 , injure 50,000 , cause $ 200 billion in damage , experts say Drill is part of Great Southern California ShakeOut to prepare for major quake "  It 's not a matter of if an earthquake of this size will happen , but when , " group says
CNN  -- Tuesday 's midterm elections marked a new milestone for women in American politics . For the first time in the nation 's history , the number of women in Congress will reach 100 . Is that cause for celebration ? No , not at all . Think about that number for a moment . Having 100 women out of 535 legislators  435 representatives , 100 senators  means that more than 80 % of the country 's federal legislators are still men . And we 've seen how well that is working out . Sure , women made some gains -- bravo . But the total female representation will rise by about 1 % . Again , let 's put away the champagne . Obviously , the best candidate -- man or woman -- should be the one we choose in each circumstance . But the comparatively low number of women with political power in Washington should concern us all . The embarrassingly small percentage is far lower than in most advanced democracies . No one doubts that Americans have to fix the dysfunctional U.S. political system . There is reason to believe that electing more women to Capitol Hill could help repair the problems that have made Americans of both parties lose faith in Congress . Women usually enter politics because they want to solve a problem , because they see a policy issue they want to address , according to Debbie Walsh , director of the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University . In general , women run for office to accomplish something . Men usually run because they want to pursue a political career . Today , Congress is not a place to find solutions , so many women who want to make a difference look elsewhere . That 's one of the reasons that we do n't have more women leaders . There are also the challenges of raising vast sums of money , which are more easily surmounted by well-connected men . Women tend to enter politics later , which leaves less time to build power and recruit other women into the field . And there 's the fact that incumbents almost always win . Anything that preserves the status quo tends to preserve the gender imbalance . Do n't blame voters for the low number of women in Congress . When women do run , they win in similar numbers as men , says Walsh . Once in office , women tend to function more as consensus builders than men do . Of course , there are exceptions . But women on both sides of the aisle seem better at listening to those with whom they disagree . Women senators , Democrats and Republicans , have been having regular dinner together for years , exchanging views , building bridges . There is growing evidence that women are more effective at building bipartisan support for legislation . It was Susan Collins who led a group of women senators to find a way out of that awful congressional spectacle in 2003 -- the 2003 government shutdown . On Tuesday night , there were many firsts for women , and each one is a great story . The Senate will have its first female combat veteran when Joni Ernst is sworn in , joining a small group of women veterans now serving in the House . Incredibly , Ernst is the first woman from Iowa elected to either chamber . Let me repeat -- in all the history of the Republic , Iowa -- that epicenter of presidential primary politics -- never , not once , elected a woman to Congress . If Ernst smashed the stereotype of the combat veteran and broke a dismal statistical record , how about Mia Love , the first black woman ever elected to Congress as a member of the Republican Party ? The charismatic 38-year-old Love has an inspiring American story . She is the child of Haitian immigrants , who converted to Mormonism and ran for office -- in Utah -- as a champion of conservative self-reliance . The story of women in American politics is one of persistent and very-slowly-eroding inequality . To break that pattern , more women need to run on both parties . Each victory is a sign to other women that politics is a field where they can succeed . And , as it happens , success for women would give the entire country , Democrats and Republics , a real reason to celebrate .	Tuesday night marked the first time in America in which Congress has 100 women Frida Ghitis : Put away the champagne ; more than 80 % of Congress still men She says women leaders are are consensus builders and focused on solving problems Ghitis : If the U.S. has more female leaders , maybe Congress can actually do a good job
CNN  -- The sign at the airport was so ridiculous , I thought it was a joke . "  Please be advised , snow globes are not allowed through the security checkpoint , " it read . That was followed by an image of a snow globe with a Christmas tree on the inside and one of those big red "  not allowed " lines going through the middle . Underneath the picture read : "  Your safety is our priority . " Apparently , this ban has been around for a while , but I guess I was too busy taking my shoes and belt off to notice . Over the years , Transportation Security Administration officials have taken away my deodorant , my toothpaste , even my nose hair trimmer in the name of safety . Now it seems as if they are going after Christmas -- one snow globe at a time . To be fair , I can see some reason for their caution . After all , the liquid in a normal snow globe could be replaced with something dangerous . And at a time in which an al Qaeda operative is on trial for trying to blow up a plane by igniting explosives sewn inside his underwear , there does n't appear to be a limit as to how far our enemies will go to harm us . But on the other , we 're so wildly inconsistent with airport safety protocol , how could someone look at a "  No Snow Globe " sign and not laugh ? A couple of weeks ago , I had an agent ask to frisk my dreadlocks because the scanner read it as an "  anomaly . " I argued , and the eventual compromise was having me whip my hair around like a Vegas showgirl until the guy with the rubber gloves was convinced I was n't carrying a bomb in my hair . Then he groped me ... just in case I had any dignity left . My encounter was similar to the one experienced by a Dallas woman who last month had her Afro frisked by airport security in Atlanta . Billions of taxpayer dollars invested to make us safe , and the TSA is on the lookout for big hair . If this were the '80s , everybody would miss their flight . Meanwhile , I see pilots and flight attendants walking through the metal detector , untouched , with their shoes on . Why bother making them walk through metal detectors at all if they 're not going to be fondled or checked for shoe bombs like the rest of us ? And if you can answer that , maybe you can explain why we are given plastic knives and forks to eat with in airport restaurants , but metal knives and forks are handed to us in first class ? Are terrorists only flying coach ? Are policy makers incapable of connecting the dots ? Or are these mindless exercises in place to mask the reality that we are not only incapable of completely safeguarding ourselves against another terrorist attack but that our government is too dysfunctional to even approve what can be done ? Did you know that one of the factors that led to more deaths on the morning of September 11 is that New York police and fire departments did not have a way to communicate with each other ? Ten years later , there still is n't a nationwide first responder network in place because of the bureaucracy in Washington . Face it : The question is n't whether we 'll be attacked again but when and how . Afro-frisking and snow globe-grabbing are just placebos given to an incurable patient . But they do make us laugh . And laughter 's a pretty good medicine in its own right . Like the glass case in the Atlanta airport that displays items you ca n't bring aboard , one of them a chainsaw , in case you were packing a chainsaw as your carry-on . And I ca n't tell you how many times I 've glanced over at the emergency exit row and thought : If we 're forced to have a water landing , we 're all as good as dead . That 's because I 've seen skinny models who need help getting their carry-on into the overhead compartment manning the exit nearest to me . I 've seen the barely mobile elderly sitting in the exit row . Last week , the nation openly asked whether New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie was too fat to be president . I 'm OK with him being president . I wonder if people his size are normally fit enough to be sitting in the freaking exit row . Given the physical requirements and inherent importance of an exit row seat , I would feel more comfortable if I knew the person sitting there could at least do a pushup and not just be collecting a reward for being a repeat customer . These are the kind of systematic disconnects that just crack me up . Flight attendants tell us to turn off all electronic devices under the guise they could interfere with the plane 's navigation system , meaning that if the terrorists really wanted to cause some damage , all they had to do was read their Kindle during takeoff . But hey , at least we 're getting a handle on snow globes . After I got done staring at the sign , I took a picture of it and posted it on my Facebook wall so my friends could also enjoy the laugh . And as the cynical comments came pouring in , I smiled , temporarily forgetting that I live in a world where shoes are a threat , afros can be dangerous , and someone tried to blow up a plane with their underwear . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson thought the TSA ban on carrying snow globes was a joke He 's had his nose hair trimmer and toothpaste taken , dreadlocks checked Granderson says airport security rules inconsistent and often absurd Still , he says , anything 's possible considering the would-be "  underwear bomber "
The most senior Syrian diplomat to defect and publicly embrace his country 's uprising is calling for a foreign military intervention to topple President Bashar al-Assad . He also accused the Damascus regime of collaborating with al Qaeda militants against opponents both in Syria and in neighboring Iraq . "  I support military intervention because I know the nature of this regime , " Nawaf al-Fares told CNN . "  This regime will only go by force . " Until a few days ago , Fares was Syria 's top man in Baghdad . His defection marks a shocking about-face for an official who occupied a critically important post . Until Fares was sent to Iraq in 2008 , Syria had no ambassador stationed in Baghdad for more than 20 years . "  I was at the top of the Syrian regime , " Fares said in his first interview with a U.S.-based TV network since his defection . "  But what happened in the last year during the holy revolution , all of the killing , the massacres , the refugees , and the declaration of war by Bashar al-Assad against the Syrian people , stopped any kind of hope for reform or real change , which had been promised previously by Bashar al-Assad . "  I tried during the last year and a half to convince the regime to change its treatment of the people , " Fares added . "  But I was n't successful , so I decided to join the people . " Opposition calls on Obama to act now Damascus confirmed news of Fares ' defection in a short article published by Syria 's state news agency SANA , which announced that the ambassador had effectively been fired for leaving the Syrian Embassy in Baghdad without official authorization . Prior to his diplomatic assignment in Iraq , Fares served as a provincial governor in different parts of Syria for a decade . He was also a regional boss in Syria 's ruling Baath Party . Photographs on Syrian government websites as well as from Fares ' personal collection show that on more than one occasion , this native of the eastern city of Deir Ezzor reported directly to the Syrian president . In an interview that lasted for nearly two hours in the gilded halls of a luxury hotel in the Qatari capital , Fares laid the blame for large-scale allegations of human rights abuses in Syria squarely at the feet of the country 's president . "  The regime in Syria is a totalitarian regime and a dictatorship . There is only one person who gives the orders : one person who is the president , " Fares said . Iran offers to host talks Syria 's state news agency has maintained that "  armed terrorist groups " are behind the violence , which the United Nations estimates has killed more than 10,000 people since March 2011 . CNN can not independently verify reports from Syria , including Fares ' allegations , because the nation has restricted access by international journalists . Syrian opposition leaders applauded the very public departure of such a high-ranking Syrian official because it clearly embarrasses and weakens the Damascus regime . But they appeared reluctant to invite one of al-Assad 's trusted lieutenants into the ranks of the opposition movement . "  We do n't reject him because we want everyone to quit the ship , " said former Syrian National Council chairman Burhan Ghalioun , who spoke to CNN in the lobby of the same Doha hotel where Fares was staying under Qatari protection . Ghalioun insisted he did not know the former Syrian ambassador was sharing the same quarters . "  But we can not put him in a political position  in the opposition  ... no one will accept Tlas or Fares at the head of the movement , " Ghalioun added . The activist was referring to Gen. Manaf Tlas . Like Fares , Tlas is a Sunni Muslim who once held a high rank in an Alawite-dominated regime . He abandoned the Syrian government and fled into exile just days before Fares ' departure . "  I know General Tlas . ... There is friendship between us , " said Fares . "  But there has been no coordination between me and him in terms of defecting . " Throughout the interview , Fares played down growing sectarian divisions between the ruling Alawite minority and the Sunni majority , who make up much of the current uprising . He also rejected the Syrian government 's common claim that the rebellion is being led by militants from al Qaeda . Instead , he accused Damascus of cooperating closely with al Qaeda militants , ever since the U.S. invasion of neighboring Iraq in 2003 . "  The Syrian regime felt threatened and felt that it , too , might fall , " Fares recalled . "  So they had an agreement with al Qaeda to keep the road open to Iraq . The militants started coming from all over the world through Syria , under the eyes of the Syrian secret police , which are directly responsible for the killing of thousands of Iraqis in Iraq as well as Americans and coalition forces . "  The secret police were encouraging enthusiastic young people in Syria to go for jihad in Iraq and join al Qaeda , " Fares continued . "  Bashar al-Assad and his security forces are directly responsible for the killing of thousands and thousands of Iraqis and coalition forces , because he gave al Qaeda everything it needed . He trained and provided shelter and he built safe havens for them to hide in . " One of these "  safe havens , " Fares said , was the Syrian border village of al Sukariya , near the border city of Abu Kamal . In response to the accusations , a senior U.S. administration official said that Fares ' claims about the Syrian government 's cooperation with al Qaeda during the war in Iraq are "  broadly consistent with our understanding . " "  Since 2003 , al-Assad allowed al Qaeda and associates to facilitate weapons , money and fighters to al Qaeda 's Iraq-based affiliate , setting the conditions for those same elements to shift from Syria-based facilitation to active attacks -- this time focused against the al-Assad regime , " the official said . "  This emerging al Qaeda operational presence in country bolsters our own argument that the sooner al-Assad leaves , the better , " said the official , noting that that the current al Qaeda-linked effort in Syria is small and not representative of either the opposition or the broader population . In October of 2008 , the U.S. government claimed responsibility for a controversial cross-border raid into Syria near Abu Kamal . U.S. officials later told CNN that special forces soldiers and helicopter gunships targeted an Iraqi man named Abu Ghadiya , who they called "  the top facilitator of al Qaeda foreign fighters into Iraq . " At the time , the Syrian government angrily protested the violation of its airspace and what it said was the killing of eight civilians . Four years later , however , Fares claimed the American forces had in fact struck an al Qaeda training camp run by one of al-Assad 's close relatives by marriage . "  This was a hiding place for al-Qaeda on the border with Iraq , and it was under the control of Assif Shawkat , the brother-in-law of the president , " Fares said . "  One hour after the raid , Assif Shawkat was there at the location . A conversation took place between me and him ... and he was angry about the attack made against al Sukariya and he was kind of scared , " Fares recalled . Claims like this , which CNN can not independently confirm , will likely make the former Syrian ambassador a much sought-after asset for Western intelligence agencies , as well as for the Qatari government . Doha has publicly lobbied for arming Syrian rebels against the al-Assad regime . Fares went on to repeat a long-stated Syrian opposition accusation : that the Syrian government is staging al Qaeda-style attacks in Syria as a fear-mongering tactic . The former ambassador was reluctant to explain the details of how he escaped from Baghdad to Doha . He said he timed his departure with the escape of his wife and grown children from Syria . But he had a message to the Syrian president and his former colleagues in the government . "  My former colleagues , I ask them to join the people and leave this corrupt regime . There is still time , " Fares said . "  To Bashar al-Assad , I say you do n't know history . Two wills can not be defeated : the will of God and the will of the people . ... History will curse you for the crimes you committed in Syria . "	A U.S. official says defector 's claims about al Qaeda cooperation are "  consistent " Nawaf al-Fares , former Syrian ambassador to Iraq , is the highest-ranking diplomatic defector "  I tried to convince the regime ... to change its treatment of the people , " he says Syria denies accusations of massacres and attacking civilians
CNN  -- Comedy is hard ; dying is easy . Any stand-up will tell you that . Adam Sandler and Seth Rogen play comedians in "  Funny People . " Let 's have a hand , then , for Judd Apatow . Hollywood 's most successful contemporary comedy producer is n't resting on his laurels but continues to push toward risky subject matter : male sexual insecurity in "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin , " unwanted pregnancy in "  Knocked Up " -- and now the big C. No , not cancer -- though Adam Sandler 's superstar comedian George Simmons is stricken with an appropriately eccentric form of leukemia . No , this latest film 's true subject is Celebrity and the funny things it does to people . Apatow 's most personal  and also most self-indulgent  film , "  Funny People , " shuffles between three competitive Angelino roommates scrambling to grasp a rung on the showbiz ladder  Seth Rogen , Jonah Hill , and Jason Schwartzman  , Simmons ' multimillion-dollar Malibu mansion and the L.A. comedy clubs that sometimes bridge the gap between anonymity and fame . Apatow and Sandler know these worlds well enough . The movie begins , in fact , with old home video footage of young Adam goofing off , making prank phone calls while his roommate Judd sniggers behind the camera . It 's one of the few times we see Sandler really having fun and cutting loose . This is mostly a restrained , subdued and admirably unsentimental performance . It feels natural that Simmons -- faced with his dire prognosis -- should return to the comedy circuit to wrestle with his imminent extinction before a roomful of strangers , even as he decides to keep his condition a secret from everyone around him . It 's actually not so hard in his case because he does n't have any real friends , only "  showbiz friends . " The exception is Ira Wright  Rogen  , a struggling young comic who lucks into a job as his hero 's joke writer slash personal assistant . Simmons is by turns demanding , generous , friendly and abusive , and Ira could n't be happier . The cross-currents are intriguing : He 's getting his first taste of the high life , just as George is trying to savor his last days by reliving his first steps on the circuit . True to form , Apatow negotiates the perilous terrain of existential doubt with his fall-back weapon of choice , the penis joke . Some of these are choice  Ira 's real last name is "  Wiener , " pronounced "  Whiner "  , but many , many more feel flabby and redundant . There 's even an Andy Dick joke , in the form of Andy Dick himself -- one of several celebrity cameos , the oddest of which is surely Eminem , wondering aloud if George would n't be better off dead . We must be approaching the 80-minute mark by then , about the time many comedies start wrapping things up . But it 's a question that does n't seem to have occurred to Simmons or the filmmakers before , and it spurs Apatow on to develop another hour of additional material in which George , miraculously recovered , pursues the love of his life  Leslie Mann  , Ira in tow , without much consideration for her two daughters or her husband  Eric Bana  . It 's as if the movie bred its own sequel . There 's plenty of funny stuff here . Bana has a ball as the obtuse Aussie , but despite all the blue jokes , this is a more modulated , pensive effort than Apatow 's previous hits . He 's improved , a little , as a director  perhaps the credit belongs to cinematographer Janusz Kaminski , who ensures that for once it does n't all look like a sitcom  , but Apatow is still in dire need of a good editor . His instincts are generous . He wants to give us the six-course meal , and to go around the table , give everybody the chance to tell us a funny story . As a result "  Funny People " is consistently entertaining but also rather grueling -- as if we 're watching two or three different movies at the same time . At least one of these -- the tribulations of the young roomies -- we 've seen before , and amusing as these guys are , they properly belong in the deleted scenes category . But Apatow is n't one to kill his babies , that 's for sure . He 's more likely to write them an additional scene or three .  Mann is Mrs. Apatow , and their two daughters also figure large . Still , if you 're not averse to too much of a good-ish thing , and can stomach another of those terminal Hollywood illnesses that leaves the patient with no discernible ill-effects , "  Funny People " is a fairly shrewd and nonjudgmental dissection of how celebrity skews and contaminates even the most intimate relationships . The rich and famous are n't the only narcissists in this game , it seems . We 're all a bit funny that way . "  Funny People " is rated R and runs 146 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here .	"  Funny People " has some funny -- and insightful -- stuff to say about comics Judd Apatow film stars Adam Sandler as ailing comedian Movie 's main drawback is it 's too long , but material makes up for it , says Tom Charity
CNN  -- Marvel 's upcoming "  Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " is one of fall TV 's most anticipated new shows . The cast and producers were on hand at Comic-Con to preview the series , which was created by "  The Avengers " director Joss Whedon and will premiere on ABC on September 24 . Those who attended the panel were treated to far more than just a teaser ; the entire premiere episode was screened for the hall of fans , who gave the episode a standing ovation during the credits . The series follows Agent Coulson  Clark Gregg  , a S.H.I.E.L.D. employee who seemingly died at the hands of villain Loki in the "  Avengers " movie . However , it 's revealed his death was faked , and he now heads the team that appears in this TV series . "  I did n't like being dead , " Gregg said . "  But I really loved my death . I never thought anything could top that . I 'm a longtime Marvel fan , so I just ca n't believe this is happening to me . I got a call from Marvel saying , ` You really do have a big part in "  The Avengers . " It 's what happens to you that brings them together . ' It was so amazing what Joss did and wrote . It was the greatest thing I 'd done , and I was really pleased and proud . " "  S.H.I.E.L.D. "  Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division  extends the world created in the recent Marvel films , including "  The Avengers , " "  Iron Man , " "  Thor " and "  Captain America . " While Whedon would n't confirm whether those characters show up on the program , he did n't rule out the possibility either . "  We may see some people -LSB- from the films -RSB- and we may see some people from the Marvel universe who are not cinematic , " Whedon said . "  But the most important thing is that we get to see these people who are here every week . So probably  some of those characters will appear  , but I ca n't say when because that would spoil it . " The show will introduce several new actors , and the producers see "  S.H.I.E. . L.D. " as a true team effort . Agent Maria Hill  Colbie Smulders  is in the pilot episode , newcomer Brett Dalton plays Agent Grant Ward while Chloe Bennet plays a mysterious character named Skye whose true intentions come to light in the pilot . "  I have that feeling that I have not had for a long time where I have assembled this extraordinary ensemble of talented and soon-to-be very full of themselves people , " Whedon said . "  The endless possibilities we have between them and among them and in their pasts and in their futures and their interactions . There 's stuff we 've taken from the Marvel universe , stuff we 're bringing to the Marvel universe . This is a show that has so much history and so much to make that I guess I 'm just a little excited . "	"  Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D " is new TV series based on Marvel films DIrector Joss Whedon debuted the pilot episode at Comic-Con Whedon teased that other Marvel characters may cameo on show
On January 14 , 2013 , George H.W. Bush was released from a Houston hospital after seven weeks of treatment for bronchitis , an infection and a persistent cough . On Thursday he was sky-diving to celebrate his 90th birthday . A year and a half ago , Bush was already suffering from a form of Parkinson 's disease , and some people were n't sure how much he would be able to bounce back after his lengthy hospitalization . But not only has he been able to travel -- and now sky-dive -- he has also seen a political resurgence . Bushes thank Clinton , Obama for well wishes In April of last year , he attended the opening of his son 's presidential library , telling the audience , "  It 's a great pleasure to be here to honor our oldest son . " In July , he visited the White House , where President Barack Obama recognized him for his commitment to volunteerism through his "  Points of Light " initiative . "  We are surely a kinder and gentler nation because of you , " Obama told Bush . Democrat Nunn features Bush 41 in first ad Just in the past month , he received several prestigious honors recognizing his decades of public service and his presidency . The proud Yale '48 graduate received an honorary degree from archrival Harvard , even attending the ceremony , and he also was given a Profile in Courage award by the JFK Library for the 1990 budget deal , which included the politically toxic tax hikes . He admitted at the time that cutting the deal would probably cost him politically , and it did . He lost his re-election bid in 1992 . He and his presidency are now seen in a much better light than they were then . Bush 's earthbound celebration will be a dinner with 200 friends and family and a performance by Irish tenor Ronan Tynan . His jump was a tandem one from a helicopter with Mike Elliott and members of the All Veteran Group , former members of the U. S. Army Golden Knights parachute team . Bush also celebrated his 75th , 80th and 85th birthdays with jumps . A just-released CNN/ORC International poll shows 58 % of Americans now have a favorable opinion of Bush , compared with 47 % in 1992 . His poll numbers jumped to near 70 % during the early days of his son George W. Bush 's presidency . His approval rating is second only to Bill Clinton 's 66 % rate among living presidents . The 41st president marked the 25th anniversary of his inauguration this year . He and his wife , Barbara , attended a celebration event in April featuring hundreds of former administration officials , family and friends , who gathered at his presidential library in College Station , Texas . The Bushes attended some of the seminars examining his presidency and its effects and talked to many of the attendees . "  They just relished it , " former Sen. Alan Simpson of Wyoming , a friend since the 1960s , said of the Bushes ' reaction to the event . Bush was especially touched , Simpson said , by the attendance of Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa at the event that spotlighted their work together pushing the Americans with Disabilities Act , which Bush signed into law . "  History is sorting " through Bush 's presidency now , and he is receiving more credit than while he was in office , Simpson said . "  Wait a minute -- the  Berlin  Wall came down ... this guy did things , " he said . "  25 years ago this hour , the people placed their hopes and trust in our team . Still hard to believe I had the honor to serve as President , " the former president posted on his Twitter account in January on the actual anniversary of his inauguration . Ron Kaufman , a longtime friend and former Bush White House official , said , "  History is going to be very , very kind to 41 for many reasons . ... Clearly there 's a resurgence of people looking at 41 , his lifetime and his presidency and after his presidency . ... Respect grows for him and for his family . " The former president , who had mostly stayed away from politics in recent years , now finds himself a big financial draw for Republicans thanks to his fascination with colorful socks . As of last week , the Republican National Committee said it had raised around $ 1 million selling pairs of striped yellow , orange , green and blue socks it created under Bush 's name . As for Bush 's birthday and the attention it will bring , Simpson said , "  I think he will say . ' I do n't deserve this . '  But  the fact is , you  celebrate  the big 7-0 , big 8-0 , big 9-0 -- he 'd be tickled to death . " Kaufman said Bush does n't want people "  puffing him up " and will leave it to history to judge his legacy . "  He really enjoys life to the fullest , " he said . Kaufman added that after Bush 's illness , he is "  less worried about death ... more enjoying his life as it is . " That includes shaving his head to show solidarity with the son of a member of his Secret Service detail who has cancer , and traveling to Duke University to honor Coach Mike Krzyzewski for his work supporting cancer research . As for how the nation views him today , Simpson said Bush "  is quite touched " by an outpouring of love and affection he receives from people across the nation . "  Wherever he goes , people love him , " Kaufman said . Opinion : What Bush at 90 can teach millennials Neil Bush : What 41 wants for his birthday 41 things about Bush 41	George H.W. Bush will celebrate 90th birthday with 200 family and friends A year and a half ago , the 41st president was emerging from a lengthy hospitalization In the years since he left office , George H.W. Bush 's presidency is seen in a different light
CNN Student News  -- January 28 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Wilmington , Ohio  Machu Picchu , Peru  Israel Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : I 'm Carl Azuz , and you 're tuned in to CNN Student News . Let 's go ! First Up : State of the Union AZUZ : "  He shall from time to time give to Congress information on the state of the union . " The words of the U.S. Constitution and the reason why President Obama delivered his State of the Union address to Congress last night . A little background for you here : This speech has n't always been called the "  State of the Union . " It used to be called the "  annual message . " But the purpose has always been the same : for the president to talk about some of the biggest issues facing the country . That is why President Obama spent a good part of last night 's speech talking about the economy and the challenges facing the country . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : One year ago , I took office amid two wars , an economy rocked by a severe recession , a financial system on the verge of collapse , and a government deeply in debt . Experts from across the political spectrum warned that if we did not act , we might face a second depression . So we acted , immediately and aggressively . And one year later , the worst of the storm has passed . But the devastation remains . One in ten Americans still can not find work . Republican Response AZUZ : After the State of the Union , it 's traditional for the other party to offer its response to the president . Last night , the Republican response was given by newly-elected Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell . He won that election last year . McDonnell made his speech from the Virginia state House . He talked about some of the political issues that both parties agree on . But he also focused on some of the areas , especially when it comes to the economy , where Republicans and Democrats do n't see eye to eye . GOV. BOB MCDONNELL ,  R  VIRGINIA : In the past year , more three million people have lost their jobs , yet the Democratic Congress continues deficit spending , adding to the bureaucracy , and increasing the national debt on our children and grandchildren . The amount of this debt is on pace to double in five years and triple in ten . The federal debt is already over $ 100,000 per household . This is simply unsustainable . The President 's partial freeze announced tonight on discretionary spending is a laudable step , but a small one . Web Promo AZUZ : For more details on the State of the Union and the reaction to it , plus a quiz about the history of this annual address , head to the Spotlight section on our home page , CNNStudentNews.com Running on Hope AZUZ : All right , so the economy -- you know it -- a big theme of last night 's speech . It 's also a big concern for residents of Wilmington , Ohio . 15,000 people live there . And when the largest employer left town , about 10,000 of those people lost their jobs . Wilmington is hoping that money from the government 's stimulus bill will turn things around . Mary Snow examines how much it could help . BEGIN VIDEO MARY SNOW , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : DHL stopped operations here last year , bringing shipping to a halt . Nearby businesses started to topple and continue to fall . In all , 10,000 people in this area lost their jobs . The head of the county 's homeless shelter tells us she 's seen the effects , and she 's having a hard time meeting the demand for shelter and food . Denise Stryker-Grant is getting stimulus money through a grant , but it 's not much ; $ 200,000 spread out over 3 years that will help keep people in their homes . But she says jobs , the only thing that would really help , remain elusive . DENISE STRYKER-GRANT , CLINTON COUNTY HOMELESS SHELTER : The frustration of continuing to refer them to places only to be told , you know , "  We 've got 500 resumes before you 've even walked in the door , " and the frustration of them not having any opportunities . SNOW : To create opportunities , Wilmington 's mayor David Raizk applied for more than $ 61 million worth of stimulus projects . Of that , roughly $ 5 million has been awarded so far to a project to create jobs . It 's focused on Wilmington 's downtown and is set to start this spring . So , how do you see this benefiting from stimulus money ? DAVID RAIZK , WILMINGTON MAYOR : With the stimulus project , we 'll be able to improve our curbs and gutters and sidewalks SNOW : The hope , he says , is that improvements will attract businesses . In the immediate future , the project is estimated to create about 100 jobs . RAIZK : They 're going to be construction jobs , but it 's something , it 's something . We want jobs here of any type right now . SNOW : To get thousands of others back to work , the mayor has set his sights on Wilmington 's airpark and is hoping to redevelop it . Eight million dollars in stimulus money , he says , is being used to retrain workers , and he 's optimistic Washington will come through with more aid if the airpark comes back to life . RAIZK : I have tried to maintain a close relationship with our state partners and with our federal partners to say , "  Look , we need help and what can you do ? " And they have responded , but that does n't mean they 've responded as much as I would like or anybody would like . SNOW : Mary Snow , CNN , Wilmington , Ohio . END VIDEO Blog Promo AZUZ : That report , part of "  The Stimulus Project , " CNN 's week-long look at the government program . A link to full coverage is in the Spotlight section at CNNStudentNews.com . Our Web site is also where you 'll find our blog , and one of our latest entries : How would you fix the economy ? Logan says we should lower taxes . Nicollette thinks we should increase taxes on the wealthy . Tom suggested cutting government budgets . What do you say ? Head to our page , share your thoughts . Toyota Recall AZUZ : When you 're driving and you take your foot off the gas , you expect your car to slow down . That is n't happening in some Toyotas , which is why the company is recalling over two million vehicles . This includes some of Toyota 's best selling models . The problem is that , over time , the gas pedals can get stuck . The company has n't figured out a solution yet . In the meantime , it says it will not make or sell any of the affected vehicles until the problem can be fixed . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Kerns ' U.S. history classes at Blach Intermediate School in Los Altos , California ! Machu Picchu was part of what ancient civilization ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Was it : A  Inca , B  Aztec , C  Maya or D  Olmec ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Machu Picchu was part of the Inca Empire . It 's located in what is now Peru . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Machu Picchu AZUZ : The Incas built Machu Picchu in the 1400s . Tens of thousands of people visit the site every year . Right now , hundreds of them are trapped . The reason ? This ! Floods and mudslides triggered by days of heavy rain . You can see some of it in this video sent in by iReporters . For now , the only way out of the region is by air , but bad weather has slowed down those types of evacuations . Holocaust Blueprints AZUZ : In Israel , there 's an exhibit about the Holocaust ; that name refers to the time during World War II when Nazis killed millions of people , including six million Jews . Many of them lost their lives in concentration camps like the one at Auschwitz . It was liberated 65 years ago this week , and now , the design plans for that infamous location are on display in Israel . As Paula Hancocks explains , they 're being used as a reminder and a warning . BEGIN VIDEO PAULA HANCOCKS , CNN CORRESPONDENT , JERUSALEM : Blueprints of death that shocked and shamed the world . These architectural plans for the Nazi concentration camp Auschwitz-Birkenau are now on display in Israel , chilling proof of the planning behind the Holocaust . AVNER SHALEV , CHAIRMAN , YAD VASHEM HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL : They had to think that they are serving evil , total evil . They are creating an industry of death . HANCOCKS : Moshe Haelion knows this better than most . He was the only one of his family to survive Auschwitz . He has since been back to visit the camp . He wants the world to learn from its mistakes . MOSHE HAELION , AUSCHWITZ SURVIVOR : We do believe if one says we will kill the Jews ; we have to believe this . HANCOCKS : Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu showed these plans in his address to the United Nations last year , calling on the world to stop Iran in its nuclear ambitions and President Ahmedinejad in his Holocaust denial . Visiting the prints now on display in Jerusalem , the Prime Minister is repeating the warning . BENJAMIN NETANYAHU , ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER : There is evil in the world . If it is unstopped , it expands . It is expanding , and it is threatening the same people , the Jewish people . HANCOCKS : These blueprints were found in an abandoned Berlin flat just two years ago . They were bought by the German newspaper Der Bild and then handed over to Israel so they could be put on display here , at Jerusalem 's Holocaust museum . Israel 's prime minister says it is vital to put "  pure unadulterated evil " on show for all to see , so it can never be allowed to happen again . Paula Hancocks , CNN , at Jerusalem 's Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : And finally , for one young man , keeping his cool really paid off . This is Jaden , and doctors say the three-year-old 's quick thinking helped save his grandmother 's life . While she was watching him recently , she had a stroke . And luckily , Jaden 's mom taught him how to call 911 just four days earlier . When his grandmother passed out , Jaden knew what to do . He even put the dog in a bedroom before the paramedics showed up so the dog would n't get in the way . Goodbye AZUZ : Jaden 's grandmother is recovering , and the three-year-old says he 's just happy she 's going to be all right . CNN Student News returns tomorrow . I 'm Carl Azuz . We 'll see you then .	Hear about the president 's State of the Union speech and the GOP response Find out how one Ohio town is hoping to turn around the local economy Learn why an Israeli museum is displaying plans from a concentration camp Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- What sounded like the most tragic of accidents -- a dad absentmindedly leaving his toddler in the car on a scorching Georgia day -- is now being treated by police as a horrific crime . Two new details were added to a revised Cobb County criminal warrant Tuesday : Not only did Justin Ross Harris put his son in the car minutes before arriving at work on June 18 , but he also returned to his car hours later during his lunch break . Harris placed his son , 22-month-old Cooper , into a rear-facing child restraint in the backseat of his Hyundai Tucson after eating breakfast at a fast-food restaurant . He then drove to his workplace , a Home Depot corporate office about a half-mile away , according to the warrant . Read the criminal warrant  PDF The 33-year-old father returned to the car during his lunch break , opening the driver 's side door "  to place an object into the vehicle , " the warrant states . Later that afternoon , around 4:16 , Harris left his workplace near Vinings , outside Atlanta . Within minutes , he pulled into a shopping center asking for assistance with the toddler , who had been in the car for about seven hours at that point , the warrant says . Did Harris intend to kill his son ? Besides felony murder , Harris was charged June 19 with first-degree child cruelty . On Tuesday a magistrate judge downgraded the lesser charge to second-degree child cruelty . Mark Gargaros , a CNN legal analyst , offered this interpretation of the downgrading of that charge Wednesday on "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  It 's almost a concession that they do n't believe , that the prosecutors do n't believe they 've got the evidence to say this is intended or premeditated , " he said . The second-degree warrant says Harris "  did with criminal negligence causes  sic  a child under the age of 18 cruel or excessive physical or mental pain . " The earlier , first-degree child cruelty warrant said the crime occurs when a person "  willfully deprives the child of necessary sustenance to the extent that the child 's health or well-being is jeopardized . ... " "  There 's a difference between negligence and gross negligence , " Cobb Police spokesman Mike Bowman said at a press conference . "  The thing about the negligence is that it could happen to anybody . The gross negligence shows that there 's some other circumstances revolving around this . " When a reporter directly asked if authorities think it 's malice or negligence , Bowman said , "  I honestly do n't have an answer for that question . " But in a seeming contradiction of the charge being downgraded , Cobb County Police Chief John House said Wednesday in a press release , "  The chain of events that occurred in this case does not point toward simple negligence and evidence will be presented to support this allegation . " ' A distressed moment ' Witness Dale Hamilton told CNN affiliate WSB-TV that an emotional Harris pulled into the shopping center after purportedly realizing he had forgotten to drop Cooper off at day care at 8:30 a.m. . The day care is reportedly located at the Home Depot office where Harris works . "  Laid his son on the ground , started doing CPR trying to resuscitate him . Apparently the child was n't responding , " Hamilton told the station . Police saw a crowd , and when officers began to investigate , they saw the child on the ground . Once it became clear that Cooper was dead , Harris had to be physically restrained , police said . "  There were a number of witnesses -- passers-by in the area who observed basically the father in a very distressed moment , " said Sgt. Dana Pierce of the Cobb County police . Added Hamilton , "  He kept saying , ` What have I done ? What have I done ? ' And that 's all that I could ascertain that he was saying . " Medical examiner opinion Police seemed sympathetic at first , and Pierce told media that Harris apparently forgot the child was in the back of the vehicle while he was at work . The average temperature was about 80 degrees that day , but the mercury topped 92 at the hottest point in the day . Police say the temperature was 88 degrees when the child was pronounced dead at the scene . The child 's cause of death was "  consistent with hyperthermia and the investigative information suggests the manner of death is homicide , " the Cobb County Medical Examiner 's Office said , according to a Cobb County Department of Public Safety release issued Wednesday . The release says the medical examiner 's office is waiting for toxicology test results before making an official ruling as to the cause and manner of the toddler 's death . ` This could happen to anyone ' The story of the hapless father making an innocent mistake quickly changed as police released more details . "  Within moments of the first responders getting to the scene and doing their job and questions began to be asked about the moments that led up to their arrival at the scene , some of those answers were not making sense to the first responders , " Pierce said last week . "  I 've been in law enforcement for 34 years . What I know about this case shocks my conscience as a police officer , a father and a grandfather . " When Harris was charged with felony murder and child cruelty , there was vigorous debate over whether the heartbroken father should be punished . Surely , he had suffered enough , many thought . A change.org petition was started urging authorities to release Harris . That petition was withdrawn Thursday , with this note explaining : "  I think that based on the recent developments this petition is no longer relevant . I still pray that this was truly an accident . If that is the case , the DA now knows that the community does not want Justin prosecuted on murder charges . " Atlanta area resident Erin Krans started a second change.org petition asking prosecutors to drop the charges . It has garnered hundreds of signatures and was still operational as of 8:30 p.m. Thursday . ' A happy baby ' According to an obituary on legacy.com , Cooper "  was a happy baby . He loved to speak with anyone and made impacts on many people 's lives in his short time . " The toddler loved cars and trucks and would tell them goodbye as he left parking lots , the obituary said , adding that he had just learned the color red . "  As we passed red vehicles he would tell his mommy and his daddy , ` Bye red car , bye red truck . ' He was a joy and will always be cherished , " it said . Last week , Harris pleaded not guilty to felony murder and child cruelty charges . He 's being held without bond at the Cobb County Jail and is scheduled to appear before a county judge July 3 . Cooper 's mother , Leanna Harris , told CNN last week that she 's been advised not to discuss the case with the media . "  We have been in communication with the mother throughout the investigation . At this time , I 'm not at liberty to discuss her involvement . That 's a part of the case our detectives are working on , " Pierce said . Repeated calls to the father 's attorney have not been returned , and a woman answering the phone at H. Maddox Kilgore 's office said the lawyer would not be commenting at this time . Home Depot said through spokeswoman Catherine Woodling that , per company policy , Harris is on a leave of absence without pay . "  It is not appropriate to comment on any new developments in this active investigation . Like the rest of our community , we 're deeply saddened by this tragic event and we continue to cooperate with authorities on their ongoing investigation , " she said in an e-mail . Cooper Harris ' funeral will be Saturday at the University Church of Christ in Tuscaloosa , Alabama . The service is open to the public . Opinion : I , too , left my child in a hot car CNN 's Victor Blackwell , Devon M. Sayers , MaryLynn Ryan and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Child cruelty charge downgraded from first to second-degree Justin Ross Harris has been charged with murder in the death of his son The boy was left in a hot car , strapped to his seat in suburban Atlanta last week Investigators say Harris returned to his car hours before he said he found his son
CNN  -- Should young children be able to use Facebook ? And if so , under what conditions ? Those are the questions bloggers and Twitter users are batting around the Internet on Monday following a news report saying Facebook is looking into ways it could let kids under the age of 13 use the site with parental consent . Currently , Facebook bans children younger than 13 . Data from Microsoft Research and Consumer Reports , however , show that many kids use the site anyway , often with their parents ' knowledge . A 2011 Consumer Reports survey found 7.5 million people younger than 13 use the site ; nearly a third of 11-year-olds and more than half of 12-year-olds use Facebook with their parents ' knowledge , according to a 1,007-person survey supported by Microsoft Research . Proponents of lifting Facebook 's under-13 ban say letting young kids on Facebook with the help of adults would allow them to use the social network more safely . "  Whether we like it or not , millions of children are using Facebook , and since there does n't seem to be a universally effective way to get them off the service , the best and safest strategy would be to provide younger children with a safe , secure and private experience that allows them to interact with verified friends and family members without having to lie about their age , " Larry Magid writes at Forbes.com . Magid says Facebook for kids should not have ads and there need to be "  extra privacy protections " that would involve parents helping their kids to use the social network safely . Others say Facebook is trying to profit from the under-13 crowd . Common Sense Media , an advocacy group , compared Facebook to "  Big Tobacco . " Poll : Should kids younger than 13 be allowed to use Facebook ? "  With the growing concerns and pressure around Facebook 's business model , the company appears to be doing whatever it takes to identify new revenue streams and short-term corporate profits to impress spooked shareholders , " the group 's CEO , James Steyer , said in a statement . "  But here 's the most important issue : There is absolutely no proof of any meaningful social or educational value of Facebook for children under 13 . Indeed , there are very legitimate concerns about privacy as well as the impact on the social , emotional and cognitive development of children . What Facebook is proposing is similar to the strategies used by Big Tobacco in appealing to young people -- try to hook kids early , build your brand , and you have a customer for life . "  What 's next ? Facebook for toddlers ? " The Wall Street Journal on Monday published a front-page report saying Facebook is looking into ways to give younger children access to the social-networking site , which has more than 900 million users around the world and which made its lackluster stock market debut last month . "  Mechanisms being tested include connecting children 's accounts to their parents ' and controls that would allow parents to decide whom their kids can ` friend ' and what applications they can use , " the newspaper said , citing anonymous sources who are familiar with the dealings . "  The under-13 features could enable Facebook and its partners to charge parents for games and other entertainment accessed by their children , the people said . " In a statement issued to CNN and other news outlets , Facebook did not deny looking into the issue but said it does not have anything formal to announce : "  Many recent reports have highlighted just how difficult it is to enforce age restrictions on the Internet , especially when parents want their children to access online content and services . We are in continuous dialogue with stakeholders , regulators and other policymakers about how best to help parents keep their kids safe in an evolving online environment . " What do you think ? Let us know in the comments below .	Wall Street Journal : Facebook is looking at ways to let young kids onto the site The proposals would help parents control Facebook for kids under 13 Facebook currently bans kids younger than 13 from the site But surveys show many kids use Facebook anyway , often with parental consent
CNN  -- The Creators Project , a partnership between Vice Media and Intel , took over the DUMBO neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York , on October 15 and 16 to continue its mission to bring art , music and tech together in exciting and unexpected ways . In addition to installations like David Bowie 's "  Life on Mars " revisited by Mick Rock and Barney Clay , a cocoon of light and sound by filmmaker Jonathan Glazer and Spiritualized 's J. Spaceman , interconnected floor panels by Cantoni and Crescenti that undulate when you walk on them and the massive , responsive light cube by United Visual Artists , there were films by Spike Jonze and Arcade Fire as well as a screening of Kevin Macdonald 's user-generated film "  Life in a Day . " As part of the weekend 's festivities , Karen O premiered her psycho-opera "  Stop the Virgens , " a widely anticipated performance piece that has been in the works for nearly seven years . When the lights come up on the stage , Karen O , in a headdress and long red and white robe , appeared behind a screen projected with bare trees and snow falling up . "  Let 's begin at the end " she sang before taking the audience though a journey of darkness , innocence , falls from grace , lobster claws , poisoned Eucharist and everyone 's eventual redemption . "  Since the music was written it called out to be something more ; even though I still ca n't describe exactly what it is we have created , I ca n't imagine it being anything else , nor can I see a more perfect collective of artists and friends answering that call , " Karen O wrote in the program . The stunning performance is directed by playwright Adam Rapp and features production design by K.K. Barrett  "  Where the Wild Things Are , " "  Marie Antoinette "  , costumes by Karen O 's longtime wardrobe collaborator Christian Joy , music by her Yeah Yeah Yeahs bandmates Nick Zinner and Brian Chase and an appearance by Lili Taylor . It is playing at St. Ann 's Warehouse through October 22 . The other showstopper came from Florence + the Machine . In the Archway under the Manhattan Bridge , the band debuted songs from its upcoming album "  Ceremonials "  due November 1  . Dressed in a sheer button-down shirt and long skirt , the flame-headed Florence Welch belted out new numbers , "  Never Let Me Go , " "  Heartlines , " "  Spectrum " and the previously released single "  What the Water Gave Me . " Xavier de Rosnay and Gaspard Aug of Justice played a DJ set at the event and gave a small preview of their new album "  Audio , Video , Disco , "  due October 24  , but nothing too much . De Rosnay explained : "  When we started to make this record , we noticed that electronic music was being portrayed as music for the night and the cities . We wanted to make a record for the day and the countryside . So if you listen to this album as electronic music for DJs , it may be a little bit of a disturbing experience . " Nevertheless , the group maintains "  Audio , Video , Disco " came out of the same intentions and the same obsessions as their first album , the hard-driving "  . " "  We thought we could express the same kind of feelings but in a different way , " de Rosnay said . "  Sometimes you do n't have to be blatantly aggressive to be powerful . " Of the 11 tracks on the album , De Rosnay and Aug 's favorite is "  Brianvision . " "  Most people think it 's an interlude , " de Rosnay said . "  It 's not dancey , there 's no vocals , it 's not pop . There 's nothing , but this track was really important to us . We made it halfway through the album and when we made it , we knew we had the sound of the record . We stepped back from  what was already recorded  and made everything sound like this track . I think it 's the least favorite track of people , but it 's the template for the whole record . "	Karen O premieres her psycho-opera "  Stop the Virgens " Florence + the Machine debut songs from their upcoming album "  Ceremonials " Xavier de Rosnay and Gaspard Aug of Justice play a DJ set
CNN  -- The whistleblower website WikiLeaks said Sunday that it was under cyber attack , preventing it from posting tens of thousands of classified U.S. diplomatic cables , it said via Twitter Sunday . Despite the glitch , five international news outlets which had obtained the documents ahead of time published details of the leaked documents on their websites . The announcement of the apparent attack came shortly after the United States warned WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange that publishing the papers would be illegal and would endanger peoples ' lives . The New York Times , The Guardian newspaper in England , and newspapers and magazines in three other European nations published portions of the new classified material on Sunday . The site , meanwhile , was experiencing a distributed denial of service  DDOS  attack , it said . That 's an effort to make a website unavailable to users , normally by flooding it with requests for data . As of 3 p.m. Sunday , the site was inaccessible . The U.S. State Department 's legal adviser said Saturday that if any materials in the posting of documents by the site were provided by government officials without proper authorization , "  they were provided in violation of U.S. law and without regard for the grave consequences of this action . " WikiLeaks indicated last week that it was preparing to release a new batch of previously classified U.S. military documents . "  Next release is 7x the size of the Iraq War Logs , " the group stated via Twitter Monday . "  Intense pressure over it for months . Keep us strong . " State Department Legal Adviser Harold Hongju Koh told Assange he was responding to a letter about the newest leak . Koh wrote that the department had spoken with representatives from The New York Times and The Guardian newspapers , and the German magazine Der Spiegel about 250,000 documents the whistleblower organization provided to them for publication . WikiLeaks said Sunday it had also given documents to El Pais in Spain and Le Monde in France . Koh described the distribution as the "  illegal dissemination of classified documents " and said it would "  place at risk the lives of countless individuals " -- criticisms that have been repeated by U.S. officials after past postings on the site . The information blitz from WikiLeaks is expected to offer a glimpse into the worldwide communications of the State Department and its 297 embassies , consulates and missions through what are commonly referred to as "  cables . " Koh wrote that releasing such documents could jeopardize relationships with allies , military actions and anti-terrorism operations . CNN has not had advanced access to the documents , unlike some media organizations , because the company declined to sign a confidentiality agreement with WikiLeaks . CNN Senior State Department Producer Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : The New York Times and four European media outlets post the documents WikiLeaks says it is under cyber attack , but documents already distributed The United States warns WikiLeaks the leak is illegal and may endanger lives
CNN  -- As U.S. President Barack Obama stood in Berlin on Wednesday to propose deep cuts in U.S. and Russian nuclear weapons arsenals , Pentagon war planners were working to make these weapons more accurate and deadly . The Air Force told Congress this year it plans to put nuclear cruise missiles on board stealthy B-2 bombers for the first time . Currently , only the half-century-old B-52 bombers carry these weapons . The Air Force also plans to add a new and improved cruise missile to the mix . Nuclear "  gravity bombs " -- the ones that are designed to be dropped out of planes -- will be getting some help too . The Pentagon is moving ahead with plans to install sophisticated new tails that will improve their accuracy . Can the United States maintain its current level of nuclear security with fewer nuclear weapons -- if the weapons are more accurate ? Related : Obama says let 's cut some nukes For nuclear weapons analyst Michaela Dodge of the conservative Heritage Foundation think tank , the answer is no . It 's all about targeting , she says . Having fewer weapons allows fewer possible targets . According to Dodge , having fewer weapons to reach the same or increased number of targets is bad . With lower numbers of nukes , the U.S. wo n't have enough weapons to cover military targets in Russia , China and elsewhere , she says . As an alternative , war planners will be forced to consider shifting targets toward civilian populations . "  That is just not a good idea , " she says , adding that it brings new ethical and moral choices into play . Nuclear weapons : Who has what ? Dodge says the U.S. needs to remain at current nuclear weapons levels to keep the playing field even . Other nuclear powers , including Russia , have been increasing their arsenals , Dodge says . As for China , Dodge says the Pentagon does n't know exactly how many nuclear weapons Beijing has , because "  China has a very extensive tunnel network where they can build and store nuclear weapons . ... We 're talking about thousands of miles of tunnels . " From a moral standpoint , improving nuclear platforms while proposing weapons cuts appears disingenous to some , including nuclear weapons analyst Hans Kristensen of the Federation of American Scientists . The Obama administration is using delivery systems to improve the military capability of the nation 's nuclear arsenal . He says that 's undercutting the spirit of the president 's promise to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in national strategy . As for Wednesday 's proposed cuts , Kristensen welcomes Obama 's proposal , but he says , "  offloading 500 warheads from missiles will not destroy a single warhead , nor does it reduce the total arsenals of the United States and Russia , who have 4,650 and 4,500 warheads , respectively , in their military stockpiles . " This ai n't your Cold War strategizing , say experts . Preventing the use of nuclear weapons nowadays is much more complicated than it was in the days when Washington and Moscow kept things peaceful thanks to the idea of "  mutually assured destruction . " The landscape is different . For example , the prickly relationship between Pakistan and India has a nuclear component . North Korea now poses a huge nuclear question mark . One of the biggest fears for many world leaders involves terrorists getting their hands on a nuclear weapon . What has n't changed much is the horrifying damage these things leave behind after the mushroom cloud blows away . "  Only nuclear weapons produce radioactive fallout that can cause cancers , birth defects , and genetic damage for decades after they are used , " according to the International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War . With the Cold War in our rearview mirror , "  it 's very unlikely we would get into a shooting war with Russia , " Kristensen says . "  Politically we 're moving away from that situation . But militarily the two countries are still holding on to these arsenals because they can see what the other country has . Predominantly the U.S. and the Russians have high numbers of weapons because we have high numbers of weapons . So there 's a sort of self-fulfilling prophesy in that . It drives itself . " So , why put nuclear cruise missiles on the B-2 bomber ? Experts say the B-2 's radar-evading stealth design would more effectively penetrate hostile airspace than the larger , slower , less agile B-52 . The B-52 has been toting nukes since the dawn of the Cold War . By the time it 's scheduled to retire in 2040 , its career will have stretched an incredible 80 years . Experts fear that B-52s can more easily be brought down by surface-to-air missiles . "  You do n't want to fly B-52s over anything but tribal militias these days , " Christopher Ford of the Hudson Institute told Global Security News Wire . "  That 's a good way to lose B-52s . " Whatever the case , America is moving forward with a new generation of nuclear weapons . The current mainstay of America 's nuclear cruise missiles -- the AGM-86B -- is getting old . It was deployed in the 1980s . The U.S. says it has about 1,100 of these atomic hammers . They measure about 20 feet long , weigh 3,100 pounds and boast a range of more than 1,500 miles . And they can blow through the sky at a speed of 550 mph . In 2007 , the U.S. retired a stealthy Advanced Cruise Missile , as part of a U.S.-Russian weapons reduction agreement , according to the Federation of American Scientists . Now , the Air Force is developing another stealthy nuke cruiser , which it recently described in its 2014 proposed budget as "  capable of surviving and penetrating advanced " air defense . By the mid-2020s , if all goes according to the Air Force plan , new generation nuclear cruise missiles will be deployed aboard a new U.S. aircraft that -- for now -- is generically referred to as the Long Range Strike Bomber . Big changes are in the works on many levels across the nuclear weapons landscape . Regardless of your point of view , it 's in everyone 's interest to pay attention .	Obama proposes negotiated nuclear weapons cuts with Russia The U.S. is moving nuclear weapons to better platforms , increasing their accuracy Critic : Better platforms undercut the spirit of Obama 's promise to move away from nukes Cutting nukes will force targeting of civilians instead of military targets , says nuclear analyst
Ramallah , West Bank  CNN  -- Israeli troops killed a Palestinian man during clashes Tuesday in a West Bank refugee camp , the latest example of violence and tensions between the two sides . According to his family , 21-year-old Mohammed Jawabreh was standing on his home 's roof watching clashes between the Israeli military and Palestinians below in the Al-Aroub refugee camp when an Israeli soldier shot him dead . An Israel Defense Forces spokeswoman said that "  a Palestinian man aimed an improvised weapon " at troops during a violent riot by about 200 Palestinians . "  The forces immediately responded , opened fire on him , and a hit was confirmed , " the military spokeswoman said . Israeli authorities later determined the improvised device was a homemade gun , she added . The clashes between the Palestinians and Israeli troops began at the camp 's entrance on Saturday morning , according to sources inside the camp . It was not immediately clear what precipitated the latest violence . Still , tensions between Israeli authorities and Palestinians have been simmering for weeks , including violent incidents in Jerusalem as well as the Palestinian areas of Gaza and the West Bank . Iran leader 's call to ` annihilate ' Israel sparks fury as nuclear deadline looms On Monday , for instance , a 20-year-old Israeli soldier was fatally stabbed in Tel Aviv . Eyewitnesses later led authorities to the suspect , an 18-year-old Palestinian man , hiding on the fourth floor of an apartment building , police spokeswoman Luba Samri said . And three Israelis were stabbed -- one fatally -- Monday at a hitchhiking post at the Alon Shvut junction in the West Bank , the same place where three Israeli teens were kidnapped and later found dead earlier this year . Those kidnappings spurred an Israeli military campaign targeting Hamas . On Saturday , Israeli police shot and killed a Palestinian man who attacked police officers with a knife in a village in northern Israel , police said . Speaking after Monday 's latest violence , Israeli President Reuven Rivlin urged his countrymen to unite and ensured them that "  security forces ... will not rest until they return normality to our daily lives . " As Rivlin said , "  These are difficult days . " 2 killed , 2 wounded in stabbing attacks on Israelis CNN 's Kareem Khadder reported from Ramallah , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Michael Schwartz contributed to this report .	A 21-year-old Palestinian man is shot on a rooftop in a West Bank refugee camp He was aiming a homemade gun at troops , an Israeli military spokeswoman says The man 's family says he was watching clashes between Palestinians , Israeli troops This is the latest violent incident in recent days in the region
CNN  -- Four years ago today , President Barack Obama signed Obamacare into law , pledging that Americans could keep their health care plans and their doctors and that their coverage would be "  more secure and stable " than before . As the horror stories continue to roll in , however , the emptiness of those promises and the human toll of this deeply misguided experiment have become increasingly difficult for Democrats to ignore . Consider Angela Strobel , a mother of five girls from Owensboro , Kentucky . Angela was perfectly happy with the insurance and the doctor she had before Obamacare . She also had an ironclad assurance from the President that she would n't have to sacrifice either one if his health care plan became law . Now she finds herself among the growing group of Americans who 've been shell-shocked by the reality . The fact-checkers may have declared the President 's "  you can keep your plan " pledge last year 's "  lie of the year . " But Angela and millions like her will be reeling from that broken promise for years . It wo n't be easy . Angela not only lost her insurance , she also lost a trusted family doctor to Obamacare . In a perfect summary of modern liberalism , one of the billing clerks for Kentucky 's Obamacare exchange told Angela that since she now qualifies for Medicaid , she 'd be breaking the law if she tried to pay more out of her own pocket just to keep her old doctor . Medicaid rules forbid it . The upshot : for Angela and her family , it 's either Medicaid or a monthly premium increase of nearly $ 1,000 . Tragically , stories likes Angela 's are playing out in households all across the country . And the promises that were made to sell Obamacare  $ " that it would n't disrupt people 's previous health care arrangements and that premiums would go down  $ " are now being exposed for the cheap and deceptive sales pitch they were . It may be tempting for some to brush all this aside as standard politics . But it 's hard to think of anything even comparable to the scope of the deception involved in selling this law . The President made repeated , explicit pledges that no one would lose their doctor or their plans as a result of this law . For two years , he did everything he could to assure Americans that they had nothing to worry about . Yet now , as millions of Americans speak out about their frustrations and heartbreak , he 's not even listening . Instead , leading Democrats have engaged in a despicable campaign to discredit the victims . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid labeled people like Angela liars , while other Democrats have downplayed statistics that cast it in an unfavorable light . As for the President , he seems more interested in promoting his NCAA bracket and talking up Obamacare 's elusive virtues on satirical talk shows like "  Between the Ferns . " For the Washington Democrats who gave us Obamacare , in other words , these stories about lost care , lost doctors , and higher costs are n't problems to be resolved , but political obstacles to be deflected . But there 's only so much they can do to tune out or brush aside the cascading impact of Obamacare . In recent weeks , we 've heard calamitous reports of Obamacare patients being denied access to doctors , hospitals and premium cancer care centers . A recent analysis by the management consulting firm McKinsey & Co. found that only a fraction of the biggest local hospitals in a given coverage area will accept Obamacare patients . An Associated Press study found that only four of the 19 cancer centers it surveyed would give Obamacare patients access to its cancer care through the new Obamacare exchanges in their states . This is progress ? Do n't tell that to Terri Durheim of Enid , Oklahoma . She 's another mom who 's been blindsided by the realities of Obamacare . Terri told CNN that her son has a serious heart condition , but will now have to travel more than an hour to find a pediatric cardiologist who 's covered under her new plan . She does n't even want to think about what she 'll have to do in case of an emergency . "  Obviously we 'd have to pay out of pocket and go here in town , " she said , "  but that defeats the purpose of insurance . " Terri 's story raises a key question : what was the point of all this ? Those who voted for Obamacare cling to the claim that they 've increased access . But as report after report has shown , increasing the ranks of the insured does n't necessarily guarantee access . It certainly did n't for Angela and Terri . For many , the answer to all this is obvious : Admit that Obamacare is a failure , repeal it , and work together on bipartisan , patient-centered solutions that correct the deficiencies in our previous system . But clearly , those who supported this law still need convincing . Four years after Obamacare was signed into law , they still ca n't bring themselves to admit the reality all around us . That needs to change . Obamacare 's human toll is getting worse every day . We can do better . For the sake of people like Angela Strobel and Terri Durheim , we must . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sen. Mitch McConnell .	Sen. Mitch McConnell says that four years after the Affordable Care Act was signed , many Americans still struggle McConnell points to President 's repeated claims that it would n't disrupt people 's existing health care plans He tells of several constituents who are "  reeling from that broken promise "
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson has something to say to people contemplating illegal migration to the United States : "  We 'll send you back . " Deportations will begin this week , he said . It 's a message the Obama administration wants to amplify more loudly now that it is wrestling with a huge influx of minors crossing the southern border -- 57,000 in the past nine months . They 're from troubled Central American countries and a lot are unaccompanied and many of those are young children . It 's all overwhelming already stressed immigration services as more and more kids find themselves caught in a bureaucratic limbo and a political firestorm . Reforming an immigration system most in and out of Washington agree is broken is an all-but dead legislative issue in Congress now with midterm elections around the corner . But there is growing pressure on both to address the current influx of minors . Obama has asked Congress for $ 3.7 billion in emergency funds to fortify the border patrol and strengthen other programs for dealing with those crossing into the United States illegally . But the Republican-led House is not expected to move fast on it and does n't want to give Obama everything he wants . Some say tweaking a 2008 law combating immigrant trafficking might be enough to stem the flow . Overwhelmed facilities The political wrangling is all going on as new arrivals make their way to detention facilities like the one Johnson visited in Artesia , New Mexico . It currently houses about 400 immigrants , with more expected to arrive Friday night . The White House has called the situation a "  humanitarian crisis . " Republicans prefer to call it one of the Obama administration 's making , and blame it for not being prepared and for an underwhelming response . They liken it to the debacle associated with the underwhelming federal response to Hurricane Katrina in 2005 that was a nadir for Obama 's Republican predecessor , George W. Bush . But the administration says the influx was unexpected and that inaction by the Republican-led House on a bipartisan immigration reform plan approved by Senate has held up improvements that could be applied in this case . Obama himself resisted calls , predominantly from Texas Gov. Rick Perry and other Republicans , to visit the border during a trip to the Lone Star State this week . He declined , saying that he was working on the problem and was n't interested in "  photo ops . " 7 questions on immigration Johnson , instead , showed up and delivered Obama 's message . "  Our message to those who are coming here illegally , to those who are contemplating coming here illegally : ` We will send you back , ' " Johnson said . "  People in Central America should see and will see that if they make this journey and spend several thousand dollars to do that we will send them back and they will have wasted their money , " he added . The New Mexico facility visited by Johnson opened June 27 at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center . It 's capable of housing 700 people , and is being used now for adults and children who arrive as family units . They are subject to "  expedited removal . " The vexing problem involves unaccompanied children , who have arrived in unprecedented numbers this year from Honduras , El Salvador and Guatemala . Many are fleeing violence and other hardships . But others , especially Republicans , tie the influx to Obama 's 2012 decision to ease deportations for children already in the country illegally . Johnson said his agency is working to dispell "  misinformation " by smugglers that the United States is giving a "  free pass " to migrants . "  I think it 's fair to say that a good number of  the migrants at the Artesia facility  were surprised that they were being detained , " Johnson said . "  I think that they expected to be apprehended and simply let go into the interior and they 're surprised they 're being detained and they 're being send back so quickly . " The White House is promising due process , but Obama said on Wednesday that most would likely go back . Obama did meet with those hecklers What Obama can and ca n't do on immigration	Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson visits southern border in New Mexico The administration wants to amplify its message that illegal arrivals are mostly going back The stepped up effort comes amid an influx of undocumented minors from Central America New arrivals have overwhelmed border services and ignited new political controversy
Qassim Shesho stands on Mount Sinjar in northern Iraq , overlooking a vast mountain range that rises from the desert . The calm is deceptive . He worries about the village behind him . Sheref ad-Din holds one of the holiest shrines for the Yazidis . ISIS militants are only two miles away . "  ISIS wants to exterminate us and they want to establish an Islamic caliphate , but Islam is not like what they are doing to us , " Shesho says . He says he commands about 2,000 Yazidi fighters . Just months ago , he lived a peaceful life in Germany . "  I came back because my people are here . ISIS are terrorists . I came to defend my land , my family and my religion , " he tells CNN by phone , speaking in Arabic . He did n't come alone . Shesho 's 26-year-old son , Yassir Qassim Khalaf , is with him . Yassir arrived in September , shortly after ISIS 's initial attack on Yazidis left thousands stranded on the mountain without food , water or medical care . Their plight captured the world 's attention . The Iraqi air force and fighters with the Kurdish fighting force -- the peshmerga -- rescued some families in a dramatic helicopter mission . U.S. airstrikes helped clear a path for thousands of Yazidis to escape the mountain into neighboring Syria and to Iraqi Kurdish territory . Yet the nightmare continues for thousands who remain on the mountain , surrounded by ISIS forces intent on eradicating anyone in their path . "  You ca n't just stay in Germany , live in luxury and leave your family and your people alone while you are watching it all on TV , thinking , ` It 'll work itself out , ' " Yassir says in German . Shesho 's troops , in many ways , are fighting an existential fight . Yazidis are one of the oldest religious communities in the world , with a population estimated at only 700,000 . They have suffered persecution through the ages . Many Muslims consider them devil worshipers . Yazidis captured by ISIS have been forced to convert to Islam . Gruesome reports have emerged of Yazidi women being enslaved , raped and sold off by ISIS members while men and boys are executed . The United Nations concluded that the actions of ISIS "  may amount to an attempt to commit genocide . " Who are the Yazidis and why does ISIS want to kill them ? He came to ` defend , ' not to ` fight ' "  I decided to defend Sinjar , not to fight . They decided to fight , " Shesho says of ISIS . "  We defend our land and our holy places . I have lived in Germany for 24 years and have always abhorred killing and fighting . " Shesho 's troops receive weapons and humanitarian aid from the Kurdish regional government . Kurdish forces airdrop food and weapons . U.S. airstrikes on ISIS also have helped , but Shesho says it 's not enough . "  ISIS wants to ruin the whole world . We want more American airstrikes between Sinjar and Dahouk so we can go back to our lands and live in peace . " At one point , Shesho 's five sons fought ISIS alongside him in the mountains . Three have returned to Germany . Yassir and an older brother , Haydar Qassim Shesho , remain . They keep in touch with friends and family in Germany as much as fighting and bad cellular reception allow . Yassir says his mother worries . They try to console her . "  Three times a week , we try to send her pictures and messages to say that everything is OK here and that she does n't need to worry , " Yassir says . His mother and brothers are in a German town of 50,000 called Bad Oeynhausen , in the western state of North Rhine-Westphalia . ' I just could n't bear to witness the suffering ' The family fled Iraq in 1990 , when Saddam Hussein ruled the country . They went to Germany and eventually became citizens . Yassir was 2 . "  When I 'm in Germany , I 'm grateful that I 'm able to be there . But if it comes to it , then I 'm ready to die here , " he says . Before coming to Iraq , Yassir worked part time in crafts services for companies and hotels around his hometown . "  I actually wanted to be here from the beginning because I just could n't bear to witness the suffering of the Yazidis . ... How our honor is tainted , how our families and wives are being captured , " Yassir says . "  To go from luxury to war is not pleasant , but you got ta do what you got ta do . "	Qassim Shesho commands about 2,000 Yazidi fighters on Mount Sinjar in Iraq He and his sons , all Iraq natives and German citizens , came after ISIS attacked Yazidis "  I decided to defend Sinjar , not to fight . They decided to fight , " he says of ISIS Shesho 's son Yassir : "  If it comes to it , then I 'm ready to die here "
CNN  -- His nickname on the football field was "  Der Hammer " -- apt for a man who is keen to knock down the barriers faced by gay people in sport . Thomas Hitzlsperger , a former Germany international , revealed Wednesday that he is gay , becoming the most high-profile soccer star to do so to date . The 31-year-old , who retired from the game in September , told German newspaper Die Zeit that he wants to further the debate about homosexuality in sports , which has for long been a taboo . "  I 'm coming out about my homosexuality because I want to move the discussion about homosexuality among professional sportspeople forwards , " he said in an extract prior to the publication of a full interview on Thursday . "  It 's been a long and difficult process . Only in the last few years have I realized that I preferred living together with a man . " Support was immediately forthcoming from Hitzlsperger 's former Germany teammate Lukas Podolski , who plays for English Premier League club Arsenal . He said it was "  a brave and right decision . " German national team coach Joachim Low said in a statement on the German Football Association 's website : "  Thomas has made this personal decision for himself , and should be treated with respect from all sides . " That Hitzlsperger 's legacy may come to be dominated by his decision to reveal his sexuality shows how divisive the subject remains in football . On the same day , French newspaper Le Parisien reported a documentary to be shown on Canal + featured Paris-Saint Germain defender Alex expressing his faith-based disapproval of homosexuality . The Brazilian international , who has also played for English Premier League Chelsea , is quoted as saying : "  God created Adam and Eve , not Adam and Yves . " In February last year former United States international Robbie Rogers revealed he was gay on the day he announced his retirement from the game . He subsequently signed a contract with Major League Soccer club Los Angeles Galaxy in May . Swedish footballer Anton Hysen , son of former Liverpool defender Glenn Hysen , came out in 2011 and told CNN last year he had spoken to other gay players who were too scared to do the same . Hitzlsperger said while homosexuality was generally accepted behind the scenes at clubs he played for , there were still uncomfortable moments . "  In England , Italy and Germany being a homosexual is no big thing , at least not in the dressing room , " he told Die Zeit . "  I was never ashamed of being who I am but it was not always easy to sit on a table with 20 young men and listen to jokes about gays . "  You let them get on with it as long as the jokes are somewhat funny and not too insulting . Being gay is a topic that is ` ignored ' in football and not ' a serious topic in the changing room . ' "  Fighting spirit , passion and winning mentality are intrinsically linked , that does n't fit the clich  : ` Gays are soft . ' " Germany national team coach Joachim L  w also made a statement today , saying that "  Thomas has made this personal decision for himself , and should be treated with respect from all sides " . Hitzlsperger began his 12-year career in football at Germany 's leading team Bayern Munich , and won the Bundesliga title during a five-year stint with Stuttgart . He spent four years at English Premier League club Aston Villa , where the club 's fans bestowed his nickname "  Der Hammer " due to his powerful shot . Hitzlsperger also had spells with Everton and West Ham United in England , either side of a season back in Germany with Wolfsburg , and played a handful of games for Lazio in Italy . He represented his country at the 2006 World Cup and played in final of the 2008 European Championships , earning a total of 52 caps over a six-year period .	Former Germany international footballer Thomas Hitzlsperger comes out as gay The 31-year-old says he wants to further the debate about homosexuality in sport Hitzlsperger played at the World Cup and European Championship for Germany He said the viewpoint that "  gays are soft " was a common and misplaced clich 
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Ralph Nader 's presidential candidacy has received little media attention , but his latest critique of Sen. Barack Obama has come under fire for its seemingly racial overtones . Ralph Nader is running for president as an independent . Speaking with Colorado 's Rocky Mountain News , Nader accused Obama of attempting to "  talk white " and appealing to "  white guilt " in his quest to win the White House . "  There 's only one thing different about Barack Obama when it comes to being a Democratic presidential candidate . He 's half African-American , " Nader told the paper in comments published Tuesday . "  Whether that will make any difference , I do n't know . I have n't heard him have a strong crackdown on economic exploitation in the ghettos . Payday loans , predatory lending , asbestos , lead . What 's keeping him from doing that ? Is it because he wants to talk white ? He does n't want to appear like Jesse Jackson ? We 'll see all that play out in the next few months and if he gets elected afterwards , " Nader added . Obama said Wednesday in Chicago , Illinois , that Nader was simply trying to "  get attention . " "  What 's clear is , Ralph Nader has n't been paying attention to my speeches , " he said . "  Ralph Nader 's trying to get attention . He 's become a perennial political candidate . I think it 's a shame , because if you look at his legacy ... it 's an extraordinary one . ... At this point , he 's somebody who 's trying to get attention , whose campaign has n't gotten any traction . " Watch panelists weigh in on Nader 's remarks " Obama 's presidential campaign earlier had called Nader 's comments disappointing , and his communication 's director , Robert Gibbs , said Tuesday that they were "  reprehensible and basically delusional . " "  I do n't think he 's spent a lot of time looking at the record of Barack Obama , " Gibbs said on MSNBC . Nader is a longtime consumer advocate who was blamed by many Democrats for Al Gore 's loss in the 2000 presidential election ; they said he claimed votes that would otherwise have gone to their candidate . He said Obama 's top issue should be poverty in America , given his racial heritage . Watch Nader describe whom the Democrats should be "  going after " " "  I mean , first of all , the number one thing that a black American politician aspiring to the presidency should be is to candidly describe the plight of the poor , especially in the inner cities and the rural areas , and have a very detailed platform about how the poor is going to be defended by the law , is going to be protected by the law and is going to be liberated by the law , " he said . "  Have n't heard a thing . " Nader also said Obama is making a concerted effort not to be "  another politically threatening African-American politician . " "  He wants to appeal to white guilt . You appeal to white guilt not by coming on as black is beautiful , black is powerful . Basically , he 's coming on as someone who is not going to threaten the white power structure , whether it 's corporate or whether it 's simply oligarchic . And they love it . Whites just eat it up . " Nader formally entered the presidential race in the spring , expressing disappointment with both remaining Democratic candidates at that time . "  They are both enthralled to the corporate powers , " he said of both Obama and Sen. Hillary Clinton . "  They 've completely ignored the presidential pattern of illegality and accountability ; they 've ignored the out of control waste-fraud military expenditures ; they hardly ever mention the diversion of hundreds of billions of dollars to corporate subsidies , handouts and giveaways ; and they do n't talk about a living wage . " CNN political producer Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Obama says Ralph Nader 's trying to "  get attention " with white comments Nader accuses Obama of trying to "  talk white " Obama 's campaign calls the comments "  reprehensible " and "  delusional " Nader : Obama 's top issue should be poverty in America , given his heritage
Boston  CNN  -- In the hours after two explosions ripped through Boylston Street just feet from the finish line of Monday 's Boston Marathon , people across the city rallied around each other , showing , as one runner said , "  the human spirit is still alive . " At a Starbucks across from the Westin Copley Place , a hotel filled with out-of-town marathoners , manager Sol Elta and his staff set up an impromptu feeding table offering free coffee and pastries to anyone walking by . The idea was sparked by a woman in Philadelphia who called the store and offered to donate $ 100 worth of coffee and pastries to people affected by the bombing . "  I was shocked , " Elta said . "  I thought it was an organization . I thought it was Starbucks corporate . It turned out to be just some citizen who wanted to find somewhere close and be a helping hand . " ` Boston will overcome , ' mayor vows Technically , the store was closed . Train station closures made it difficult for staff to get to work and police barricades made it virtually impossible for customers to enter . But Elta and his management team opened the store on their own time to feed and caffeinate passersby . "  Instead of doing a little bit of what we had , we 're doing everything that we had in the store based on what Starbucks wants to contribute and based on her contribution as well , " Elta said . Those enjoying the shop 's offerings included many of the thousands of runners who were stopped short of finishing the race . Wearing running gear or branded Boston Marathon jackets , many wandered up to police barricades where early in the day volunteers checked bib numbers and handed out finishing medals . Luis Cuan and Jaime Herrera flew from Guadalajara , Mexico , to run the marathon , but were stopped just short of the finish line when the bombs went off . When the police diverted the two men away from the buses that carried their personal belongings , they were wearing only running clothes . "  It was freezing , " Cuan said . "  But many people came out of their houses , some of them were filming us , but many of them were offering water , many of them were offering jackets . We both had pants and a jacket that were given to us just 'cause those people felt that we were in the need of some support . " What we know about the bombings so far After walking for hours they eventually made it back to their hotel , but they did n't receive their marathon medals . When the pair left their hotel on Tuesday to explore the city , they met a man who told them they could collect their medals at a police checkpoint on Clarendon Street . One of the women at the checkpoint hanging medals around runners ' necks was volunteer Kathy LeClair from Chester , New Hampshire . LeClair had n't planned on being a part of the marathon . An employee of TD Bank , LeClair had come to Boston on Monday afternoon to attend a corporate training class on Tuesday . "  My hotel room looked out over everything that happened , " said LeClair , who was checking into her room just as the bombs exploded . "  I just could n't go to class today . I just could n't focus and so I decided to walk around until I found a place that needed a volunteer . " A police detective eventually directed LeClair to the offices of the Boston Athletic Association , where she was handed a marathon jacket and led to a police barricade . There , LeClair spent the morning greeting and hugging runners who had been affected by the bombing . "  I 've seen every emotion , " LeClair said . "  I 've seen men cry . I saw a man who did n't want to take a medal because he did n't feel he deserved it . " One runner told LeClair he was a military veteran who had served time in Iraq as a medic . "  He did n't have his  bib  number because it was covered in blood and he threw it away , " LeClair said . "  He went to help people and he was totally covered in blood , " LeClair said , recounting his story . "  He had his bag but he did n't have a medal , and he did n't think he was going to get one and when I gave it to him he cried . That was so touching . " How you can help By noon on Tuesday , the city 's response efforts had become more organized , and the BAA began directing all runners in search of closure in the form of finishing medals to the Park Plaza Castle on Columbus Avenue . Hundreds of runners streamed in and out of the Castle , where the city had set up a makeshift resource center for those scattered by the blasts . Belinda Osborne wiped tears from her eyes as she emerged with a medal around her neck . "  I was crossing the finish line and about to receive my medal right when the bomb went off , " said Osborne , who flew in from Salt Lake City to run her first Boston Marathon . "  I heard the explosion and right when the guy was about to hand me my medal he said , ` That 's not supposed to happen . ' " She rushed away from the finish line with no cell phone and no money in search of the two friends she had coaxed into running alongside her . After a fall ended their race , Osborne 's friends jumped ahead to cheer her on at a restaurant near the finish line . "  They were one table left of the blast . Where they were sitting , if I would 've passed 10 seconds later , they would 've been in the blast , because they got up to leave and the blast went off , " Osborne said . "  And that 's where ground zero was , and the dead bodies and the blood . " After waiting for more than an hour at the family waiting area , she made her way back to her room at the Copley Marriott just in time to grab her purse and cell phone before the building was evacuated . During the evacuation a man stranded outside his hotel with nothing came up to her to ask for help . Doctors remove ball bearings from victims "  I gave him $ 20 , " Osborne said . "  He e-mailed me last night and he said , ` I 'm going to repay you . Give me your address . ' I said , do n't even worry about it . It 's just the human spirit . I know anybody would 've done the same thing for me . I 've never felt so helpless just not having any money , I do n't even know the city . It 's just amazing how everybody came together . " Until the finish , Osborne said the race was the best she marathon had ever run . "  I was coming through the finish line and hitting people 's hands , " Osborne said . "  I stopped and had a beer on mile 22 . It was so great and so electric . " Despite being visibly shaken by her experience on Monday , she vowed she 'll be back . "  I 'm not going to let them scare me away , " Osborne said . "  That 's what they want . I 'm going to come back . " We 've been hit before on home soil Boston heroes : Running to help Map of the explosion sites Bombing is the latest Patriots Day tragedy	Strangers help strangers after blasts leave racers stranded Telephone donation leads Starbucks to give away coffee , pastries Businesswoman changes plans , volunteers to belatedly give out race medals
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Fertility issues were at the center of former TV chef Juan-Carlos Cruz 's motivation in the alleged murder-for-hire plot to kill his wife , according to sources close to the couple . The former host of the Food Network 's "  Calorie Commando " was charged Monday with attempted murder and solicitation of murder for allegedly trying to hire homeless men to kill his wife . Two sources close the couple , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter , said their 20-year struggle to have a child overwhelmed them . After spending a lot of money on unsuccessful fertility treatments , Cruz 's wife , Jennifer Campbell , was "  very depressed and talked about suicide , " one source said . The sources suggested she may have wanted to end her life but that as a devout Roman Catholic , she believed suicide was a sin . The failure to have a successful pregnancy was "  pretty overwhelming thing in their lives , " the second source said . The source closest to Campbell said she still loves her husband despite his arrest . The source would not comment on whether she was aware of the alleged planning before his arrest . The source closest to Cruz , 48 , said he was "  nothing but a loving and devoted husband . " CNN was unable to talk Cruz or Campbell directly . The prosecution and police would not comment on the case . Cruz , arrested a week ago , remained behind bars pending a $ 2 million bond payment . A preliminary hearing was set for June 23 . The criminal complaint filed Monday accused Cruz of trying to hire David Carrington and David Walters -- homeless men who go by the street names Little Dave and Big Dave -- to murder Campbell . It was not immediately clear who was Little Dave and who was Big Dave . If convicted , Cruz could get life in prison , a prosecution spokeswoman said . Assistant Deputy District Attorney Joseph Marcus would not talk about the case , but the homeless men allegedly solicited to carry out the hit spoke with celebrity news and gossip website TMZ on Saturday . One of them called Cruz "  very meticulous " but "  very cheap " in his planning . The plan fell apart when one of the men whom Cruz allegedly recruited told Santa Monica police , Sgt. Jay Trisler said . Trisler confirmed that the men interviewed by TMZ are the chief witnesses against Cruz . Little Dave told TMZ that he was approached first by Cruz , who asked him to kill his wife for cash , and he told his friend Big Dave . Big Dave said he told a Santa Monica police officer about the plot after he was arrested for loitering . "  We 're very fortunate that we have a relationship and rapport with some of the homeless and that they were able to give us information , " Trisler said . Santa Monica police began their undercover investigation of Cruz on May 7 , Trisler said . Cruz was arrested at a dog park in the Cheviot Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles on Thursday afternoon , he said . Big Dave and Little Dave got a place to stay while the investigation was under way . Santa Monica police put them in a hotel room to keep them out of sight , Big Dave said . "  They gave us two pizzas , a 12-pack of beer and a bottle of San Jose , " he said . "  I love them . " Cruz , a Los Angeles resident , was an overweight pastry chef at the Hotel Bel Air until he changed his focus to promote low-calorie recipes . He wrote "  The Juan-Carlos Cruz Calorie Countdown Cookbook : A 5-Week Eating Strategy for Sustainable Weight Loss , " published in 2007 . The Food Network issued a short statement Monday saying Cruz "  has not been under contract or associated with Food Network for a number of years . "	Sources say inability to have child motivated alleged murder plot Juan-Carlos Cruz is accused of trying to hire homeless men to kill his wife Police say a homeless man came to them with information about Cruz Cruz is former host of Food Network 's "  Calorie Commando "
CNN  -- An all-female jury will start hearing the murder case against Florida neighborhood watch captain George Zimmerman next week , with opening arguments in the closely watched trial set for Monday . The jury was selected Thursday afternoon after defense attorney Mark O'Mara completed his question-and-answer session with the potential jurors . Opening statements are scheduled to begin Monday morning , Judge Debra Nelson said Thursday . The prosecuting and defense attorneys referred to the jury members as five white women and one black or Hispanic woman . CNN does not have access to the juror questionnaires and can not confirm the ethnicities of the jurors . Four alternate jurors -- two women and two men -- will hear the case as well . Nelson asked Zimmerman if he agreed with the jurors selected to serve on the panel , and he said he did . Zimmerman , a former neighborhood watch captain , is charged with second-degree murder for killing 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida , on the night of February 26 , 2012 . He says he shot the teenager in self-defense , but prosecutors accuse him of unjustly profiling and killing Martin . An initial decision by police not to pursue charges in the case led to the dismissal of the town 's police chief and sparked fresh debates about race relations and gun laws in the United States . Zimmerman is Hispanic ; Martin was African-American . Opinion : The facts must decide Trayvon Martin case O'Mara began the day by explaining the definition of reasonable doubt to the jury pool . He said it 's a complicated concept that even "  third-year law students " can have difficulty understanding . O'Mara questioned the 40 potential jurors about a variety of topics , including their beliefs about gun ownership and their thoughts on self-defense . O'Mara pointed out that Florida law states that there is no duty to retreat when being threatened , but Nelson admonished O'Mara , saying she did not want the attorneys interpreting the law for the jurors . Nelson then read to the jury the strict definition of justifiable homicide that they must consider during deliberations . Justifiable homicide is a killing where no criminal liability can result , such as when someone acts in self-defense to protect himself or another person . O'Mara finished his questioning of the jury before Nelson broke for lunch . When court resumed Thursday afternoon , the attorneys began the process of whittling down jury pool to the six jurors and the four alternates needed for the trial . Under Florida law , six-person juries hear all criminal cases except capital offenses . The charges against Zimmerman do not make it a capital case . Fast facts : Trayvon Martin shooting After the jury was selected , attorneys representing the Martin family released a statement saying with the makeup of the panel , "  the question of whether every American can get equal justice regardless of who serves on their jury panel will be answered . " The statement , from the law firm of Parks and Crump , added , "  We firmly believe that when these jurors see the overwhelming evidence that will be put before them in the coming weeks , they will find George Zimmerman guilty of murder on the night in question . " Both sides had the chance to keep or strike jurors . Each side had 10 peremptory strikes -- 10 opportunities to eliminate potential jurors without having to disclose their reasons -- and an unlimited number of strikes "  for cause , " for such reasons as bias or hardships . Court will be in session Friday to handle any outstanding issues before opening statements begin , and Nelson said she try to make a ruling Friday on the admissibility of technology used to analyze the screams on a 911 call from the night of the shooting . The technology may be key to the prosecution 's case , because their experts ' testimony may be able to shed light on what was said between Zimmerman and Martin moments before the teenager was shot . If the analysis indicates Martin screamed for help , it could hurt the credibility of Zimmerman 's claim that he acted in self-defense . The law states that for technology to be admissible , it must be "  generally accepted " in that particular field . Zimmerman 's attorneys are arguing the technology does not satisfy that threshold . On June 6 , defense expert Hirotaka Nakasone , an audio engineer for the FBI , expressed his doubts about using the recordings . "  A screaming voice is too far for us to address , " Nakasone said . "  It might mislead in the worst case . " CNN 's Grace Wong , Rich Phillips and MaryLynn Ryan contributed to this report .	An all-female jury will hear the Zimmerman murder case Opening statements are set for Monday morning Zimmerman is charged with killing Trayvon Martin in February 2012 Zimmerman says he shot Martin in self-defense ; prosecutors say he profiled the teen
CNN  -- This past week saw severe weather in many parts of the world that took dozens of lives and left behind serious damage . Here 's a look at some of the extreme weather stories covered by CNN 's global affiliates , including a typhoon in the Philippines and a tornado in New Zealand . Unlikely typhoon in the Philippines Typhoon Bopha devastated the Compostela Valley region in the southern Philippines early this week . At least 148 people have died and thousands of homes have been destroyed , according to TV5 . Typhoons are uncommon in the Bopha region . Watch the video above to see how the storm knocked down power lines . Tornado strikes near Auckland A tornado ripped through the outskirts of Auckland , New Zealand 's largest city , killing three people and leaving more than 200 people injured , according to TVNZ . About 150 homes were left without power . Flooding in Argentina 's capital Heavy rains in the Argentinian capital of Buenos Aires left two people dead , forced evacuations and flooded nearly 9 million acres of farmland , Canal 9 said . See some of the most serious flooding in the video above . Hard to see in Chinese province Dense fog in the province of Sichuan caused heavy traffic and temporary highway closures in southwestern China . In some areas , visibility was reduced to less than 200 meters . Check out the fog in the video above from CCTV . Poland 's winter wonderland Seven centimeters of snow fell in the city of Lublin on Monday . The snow brought with it temperatures of minus 1 degree Celsius  30 degrees Fahrenheit  . In the nearby town of Bialystok , nine cars collided , causing one injury . See the snow in the video above , courtesy of TVN .	From CNN 's global affiliates , check out some of this week 's extreme weather conditions A typhoon in the Philippines has killed 148 people and destroyed thousands of homes Near Auckland , New Zealand , a tornado injured more than 200 people
CNN  -- The world changes , but I 'm not sure it 's supposed to change this much : Fritz von Goering is on Facebook . "  Yeah , " von Goering said the other day , "  I 'm on it . People told me that 's the way to connect with people . " Fritz von Goering on a social network ... something just seems wrong . He always seemed to be the most anti-social human being on the face of the Earth . At least he did from the vantage point of the third row on Saturday afternoons during the 1950s , which is where I always sat when I watched him work . I was 9 , and my friend Kenny Stone and I would ride the bus to Old Memorial Hall in Franklin County , Ohio , where , for 50 cents , we purchased tickets to observe in person a weekly television broadcast called "  Lex 's Live Wrestling . " Lex Mayers , a highly excitable local Chevrolet dealer , was the sponsor and host , and Fritz von Goering was the ultimate scowling villain . He did terrible things to his opponents . Just terrible . The hero of the telecasts was the blond , golden Buddy "  Nature Boy " Rogers . In most of the country , he was promoted as a bad guy , but for whatever reason , in central Ohio , Rogers was as beloved as Woody Hayes . Nature Boy could do no wrong . "  Do n't even say that name to me , " von Goering told me the other day . He is 82 now , and we were talking over a telephone line , but I instantly obeyed . "  I hated Nature Boy 's guts offstage as well as on , " von Goering said . "  Do n't bring him up again . " As it was , I could scarcely believe I was even talking to von Goering ; it had been more than 50 years since those afternoons at Old Memorial Hall , with people screaming vile invective at him as he stepped between the ropes and into the ring , staring daggers at the audience and wearing a leather , military-type jacket . Out of curiosity this month I had decided to try to find out if he was still alive , and here he was , on the phone from his home in Northern California , sounding quite pleasant . So , Fritz ... why do you think people hated you so much ? "  Fans never did like me from day one , and I never knew why , " he said . "  I was a good-looking young kid when I was first getting started , and they put me in the ring against a bunch of ugly , hairy guys , and yet I was the one who got booed . The promoters said to me , ` You know , nobody likes you . ' " Biting the inside of my mouth , not knowing whether I should offer an opinion , I said : "  Perhaps it had something to do with your name being Fritz von Goering ? " "  Yeah , I guess so , " von Goering said . "  But I did n't give myself that name . A promoter in Minnesota did . " In the years after World War II , the most certain way to turn fans against a wrestler was to give him a German or Japanese name . Wartime wounds were still raw . "  I was n't even of German heritage , " von Goering said . "  I was born in Chicago to an Irish-American family . " In case you 're wondering what von Goering 's name was as a boy : I asked him , and he said he did n't feel like discussing it . Do you want to be the one to tell von Goering to do something he does n't feel like doing ? Be my guest . "  When I first started wrestling professionally , I was billed as Fritz von Ulm , " he said . "  But I guess that did n't sound like a bad-enough villain . So they changed it to Fritz von Goering . " Made a certain sense , in the context of the times -- Hermann Goering , one of Adolf Hitler 's henchmen , was not exactly a beloved figure in a 1950s United States filled with returning servicemen . "  They told me , ` You 're Fritz von Goering now , ' and my attitude was , ` Fine , if you say so . ' " He had never been outside the United States , but ring announcers from coast to coast proclaimed that he was "  from Berlin , Germany , " or "  from Frankfurt , Germany , " or "  from Nuremberg , Germany "  they seemed to make it up as they went along  , and thus he was able to make a pretty good living . Although it did have its downside . "  I was wrestling one night in Marion , Ohio , " he said . "  Against Nature Boy Rogers . The fans found where I had parked my car on the street and smashed it to pieces . They knocked out all the windows , banged the fenders , cut the tires . I had no idea until after the match . " "  So what did you do ? " I asked . "  Lex Mayers had the car towed to his dealership , and he fixed it up , which was a nice thing for him to do seeing that he had a Chevy dealership and I drove an Oldsmobile . " There were no pensions for the professional wrestlers of his day , so when he got too old for the job he found work as a truck driver , and for a while , perhaps inspired by Mayers , he sold cars .  Although it is difficult to imagine how , after spending a career persuading people to despise him , he could beckon them to purchase an auto from "  your friendly neighborhood used-car dealer , Fritz von Goering . " He always seemed like a loner , but he told me that if there had been Facebook when he was competing , he would have accepted just about all of his fellow wrestlers , heroes or heels , as friends . Every name I threw at him -- all of the men who , when I was a boy , I witnessed sharing a "  Lex 's Live Wrestling " ring with him -- he said yes to . Buddy "  Killer " Austin ? "  Yes . " Oyama Kato ? "  Yes . " Sweet Daddy Siki ? "  Yes . " Frankie Talaber ? "  Yes . " Handsome Johnny Barend ? "  Yes . " The Magnificent Maurice ? "  Yes . " I had to say it : "  Buddy ` Nature Boy ' Rogers ? " "  Absolutely not . Not in a million years . " In retirement and heading toward his 83rd birthday , von Goering said he does not miss the mayhem that once defined his life . And when he does find himself in the mood for unsuppressed anger , bellicose posturing and high-decibel insults , he knows where to turn . "  I watch cable news , " he said . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says he found a wrestler he used to watch as a kid on Facebook He says Fritz von Goering was scary , reviled , partly because of name promoter gave him Greene interviewed the retiree , who was truck driver , car salesman after he left wrestling Greene : Now von Goering says he 'd happily friend his former wrestling rivals on Facebook
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As a bill that would expand education benefits for veterans has become a flash point in the early sparring between Sens. John McCain and Barack Obama , some Republicans admit that the Democrats may have outmaneuvered them on the issue . Sen. John McCain has sided with President Bush on opposing a popular GI Bill in Congress . McCain has defended his opposition to the bill that would expand education benefits for veterans , saying it would hurt the military that he hopes to lead . The bill , which passed the Senate last week 75-22 , would expand education benefits for veterans who served at least three years in the military after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . A former Navy officer and prisoner of war during Vietnam , McCain says the bill would hurt military retention by 16 percent and be a disincentive for service members to become noncommissioned officers , which he called "  the backbone of all the services . " Democrats cite the Congressional Budget Office , whose figures say the expanded benefits would boost enlistment by 16 percent . Watch more of McCain 's comments " "  I think John McCain has been outmaneuvered , " said GOP strategist Ed Rollins , who had served as former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee 's presidential campaign chairman . "  Sometimes in politics , there are intellectual issues and emotional issues . " "  John McCain is going against veterans groups ; he is going against a constituency that should be his . ... But I think he is on the wrong side of this issue , " Rollins said . "  A lot of Republicans are voting for this , and I think to a certain extent as it moves forward there will be more and more . There will be tremendous pressure from veterans groups past and present and I think you will see a lot of bipartisan support for this as well . " Over the weekend , Obama , who appears to be the likely Democratic nominee , again tried to tie McCain to Bush by noting that both of them oppose the GI Bill expansion . "  I revere our soldiers and want to make sure they are being treated with honor and respect , " Obama said Saturday in Puerto Rico . "  I think the GI Bill is one way for us to do that , and I hope that John McCain and George Bush decide they believe the same thing . " Watch more of Obama 's comments " Obama has n't served in the military . "  It is really probably Barack Obama 's shining moment in this campaign . The way he phrased this debate , the way he framed the issue , " said Robert Zimmerman , a Democratic superdelegate who supports Sen. Hillary Clinton 's run for president . Watch analysts weigh in on the issue " "  Intellectually , John McCain may be right , the president may be right . Emotionally , you are on the wrong side , you can never win an emotional battle in an intellectual argument , " Rollins added . Rollins also said that despite McCain 's war hero status , history has shown veterans who run for president do n't always capture the veteran vote . "  I think the bottom line here in the statistic that was astonishing to me is George Bush 's father was a war hero lost the veterans ' vote to Bill Clinton who ... did not serve in a war , " Rollins said . "  Same way with Bob Dole , a war hero lost the vote . " McCain , along with Sens. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Richard Burr of North Carolina , has introduced an alternative bill that would increase education benefits on a sliding scale based on an individual 's years of service . The GI Bill was created in June 1944 , when President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed into law the Servicemen 's Readjustment Act of 1944 . It was designed to help educate and train military veterans returning from WWII . According to the Department of Veterans Affairs , 7.8 million of 16 million troops who served in WWII received educational or vocational training from the GI Bill . Soldiers , Marines and airmen , speaking at a Capitol Hill rally on April 29 , said they are not given enough funds from the bill to cover college expenses as they were promised . Todd Bowers , who served two tours in Iraq , told a crowd of veterans , "  I came home proud , very proud of my service , with a Purple Heart on my chest and a Navy commendation medal with a ` V ' for valor . " "  But I did n't come back to the education I was expecting . I came back to three different types of student loans , two of which had gone to collections . " Najwa McQueen said she joined the Louisiana National Guard in 2004 on what she thought was a promise to help pay for her college education . "  They kind of sell you a dream , " she said after the rally . "  You think you 're going to get all of this stuff , and in reality , you do n't get that . " CNN 's Ed Hornick , Alexander Marquardt , Ed Henry , Eric Marrapodi , Mary Snow , Deirdre Walsh and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	Senate passes an update to the GI Bill , extending education benefits to veterans Sen. McCain and President Bush oppose it , citing retention problems Ed Rollins : McCain 's "  outmaneuvered " and "  on the wrong side of this issue "
CNN  -- Paul Stamets was shy as a child ; he could n't look people in the eyes , so he stared at the ground . And that , he says , is where he found mushrooms . Today , that shyness has faded , but mushrooms are even more of a focal point . Stamets is one of the most prominent proponents of using mushrooms for medicinal purposes . Besides traveling the world to look for exotic mushrooms , he also lectures about them and runs a mushroom supplement company with his wife called Fungi Perfecti . When he spoke at TEDMED in October , he even wore a mushroom -- his hat is made from birch polypore , which is also thought to have medicinal uses . Why are n't mushrooms being used more often for medicinal purposes ? Despite documented use of mushrooms in other cultures  for instance , ancient Greece  thousands of years ago , Stamets says some people have a fear of mushrooms -- mycophobia -- because the fungi are ephemeral and powerful . They have the power to feed you , make you high or even harm you , but they do n't last very long . "  People 's paranoia is a reflex of their not understanding something that 's so mysterious , " he said . "  I was always attracted to that which was forbidden , and these were forbidden fruits . " Stamets is n't the only one who 's excited about mushrooms . George Hudler , a professor in Cornell University 's Department of Plant Pathology and Plant-Microbe Biology , does n't like the taste of them , but thinks there 's a lot of potential for mushrooms ' healing properties . "  In the next 10 years , we 'll just see an incredible expansion of our awareness of chemicals in mushrooms , hopefully even their use in conventional medicine , " says Hudler , who teaches a course on mushrooms at Cornell and once had dinner with Stamets . You might know of only a handful of mushroom types , but there are more than 150,000 species of mushrooms , Stamets says . Still , only 14,000 have been identified , and Stamets and colleagues are still looking . In Hudler 's view , shiitake mushrooms have the longest track record of research in health benefits . Chemicals in them may stimulate the immune system and lower cholesterol . White button mushrooms found in salad are also high in vitamin B complex , and the antioxidant properties of mushrooms could protect against heart disease and cancer . And even hallucinogenic mushrooms are proving to have clinical uses . Psilocybin , one of the psychedelic compounds in "  magic " mushrooms , may have uses for depression , a study recently suggested . There has also been research showing that healthy people given this drug in an experimental setting report having life-changes experiences and positive effects from them that last up to 25 years . The research on all these mushrooms is still preliminary , so there 's no way to say for sure that mushrooms are going to add years to your life . But Stamets points to his mother as a living example of how useful mushrooms may be . Patty Stamets , 86 , had stage 4 metastatic breast cancer in 2009 , and doctors gave her three months to live . But after a year of turkey tail mushroom supplement in addition to the standard drugs Taxol  paclitaxel  and Herceptin  trastuzumab  , she had no detectable cancer . Still , it 's not clear that the mushrooms were the whole story . Turkey tail mushrooms may have some ability to boost the immune system , but there 's so much unpredictability about cancer that it 's hard to say how much they did on top of the standard medications , Hudler said . He thinks that trying experimental mushroom supplements to potentially help treat cancer is worth considering , but not without a physician 's consultation . Stamets himself eats mushrooms three to four times a week , and he recommends that everyone else do the same . Always cook mushrooms to get their immune-boosting benefits , he says . Cooking also destroys any toxins that may be present in edible mushrooms such as shiitake and morels  but not poisonous mushrooms such as death caps  , Hudler notes . Stamets likes his mushrooms crispy brown . "  These are functional foods , " he says . "  It 's a misconception to think of them as drugs . "	Paul Stamets says he believes people are afraid of mushrooms because they are powerful George Hudler says he thinks there 's a lot of potential for mushrooms ' healing properties Even hallucinogenic mushrooms are proving to have clinical uses , research shows
Cairo  CNN  -- Lengthy sentences handed down to 21 women and girls who were arrested at a pro-Morsy demonstration have highlighted growing unease over the Egyptian authorities ' treatment of dissent . The protesters , including seven minors , were sentenced Wednesday in Alexandria after being arrested at a demonstration in support of ousted president Mohamed Morsy earlier this month . The seven minors were sent to juvenile detention , and each of the adult women got 11 years in prison . Their sentencing came amid demonstrations over a new protest law announced by the military-backed Egyptian government Sunday . The new law requires organizers to seek permission from authorities before gathering and gives police the right to cancel demonstrations and to disperse them with force . It was put into use Tuesday , when a demonstration of less than 300 people protesting an article allowing military trials of civilians in the draft constitution was dispersed with water cannon and tear gas on the grounds that organizers did n't seek permission beforehand . About 40 people were arrested . Female detainees said they were sexually harassed during the arrest and then beaten before being dropped off near a desert road south of Cairo . Twenty-four men remain behind bars facing numerous charges relating to the new protest law . About 2,000 demonstrated Wednesday , in the second strong showing of dissent this month not connected to Morsy supporters , chanting against the Muslim Brotherhood , police and Defense Minister Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi . "  The Cabinet ... declares its commitment to the firm and strong enforcement of the Right to Protest law ; the complete support to the police ; and its respect to freedom of expression within a regulated framework , " Hossam Eissa , minister of higher education , said in an official statement Wednesday . One student was killed Thursday in clashes with security at Cairo University . Several were injured in university students ' demonstrations in Cairo and Alexandria . Voting on the final draft of the constitution was postponed to next week , as discussions continue . Some members of the constitution-drafting committee who are opposed to the use of force against protesters briefly suspended their membership . Pro-Muslim Brotherhood demonstrations continue across Egypt but with smaller numbers , because of an ongoing crackdown and the arrests of leaders and young members . ` Political verdict ' The sentences handed down Wednesday in Alexandria have intensified concerns among rights groups about alleged abuses by police , apparently with the support of prosecutors and the judiciary . "  We do n't have any doubt that this verdict is a new episode in a series of politicized judicial rulings , which include the sentencing of several Al-Azhar students to 17 years in various misdemeanors based on accusations that are mostly trumped up and generalized , " said a joint statement issued by 14 rights groups . A Human Rights Watch official echoed those concerns . "  I think the fact that this protest law passed is significant and is bad news because there was a lot of pushback against this law . We 've been pushing back against this law , and they were all oppressive , " said Heba Morayef , the group 's Egypt director . "  I think what this new protest law shows is that hard-line security agencies are the ones calling the shots , because the Ministry of Interior wanted this new law to legitimize the crackdown on protests . " Lawyer Mahmoud Farouk , who is working on the case of the Alexandria women and girls , told CNN he is confident the sentences will eventually be overturned -- but not before they spend seven or eight months in prison or juvenile facilities . "  It 's a way to punish the girls until a new verdict is out , " he said . He believes the charges for which they were sentenced , filed in a misdemeanor court , will ultimately end in a petty fine . "  The verdict is political and does n't have legal grounds , " he said . The charges against the women include thuggery , congregating or gathering , weapons possession and destroying property . Polarized political scene Morsy , backed by the Muslim Brotherhood and the nation 's first democratically elected president , was forced out of office in July , with detractors saying he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values . Several hundred people have died in clashes between pro-Morsy demonstrators and security forces since the military removed him . Morsy is in custody , facing charges of incitement to murder in connection with protests against his rule last December . He has refused to recognize the court . In the months since Morsy 's ouster , many Egyptians accepted the force used against his supporters as attacks on police and the army in Egypt 's Sinai region increased . But the recent emergence of a faint voice rejecting the polarized political scene is encouraging more criticism of the security sector . On the government level , reports indicate an increasingly domineering role for the Interior Ministry in the decision-making process . With a frail economy , many citizens on the street do n't want the disruption brought by protests and so are willing to defend the heavy hand of the security forces . But at the same time , demonstrations in campuses across the country and workers ' protests are growing in number for a range of political and economic reasons . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	14 women sentenced to prison after pro-Morsy protest ; 7 girls get juvenile detention Rights groups say sentencing is the latest in a "  series of politicized judicial rulings " Egypt 's military-backed government has brought in a new law limiting protests One student is killed in clashes with security in Cairo , others are injured
CNN  -- Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama is in Afghanistan on a multistop overseas trip for meetings with international leaders but with an eye on the U.S. presidential race back home . Sen. Barack Obama is expected to visit several world leaders over the next few weeks . Obama 's trip , which includes visits to Iraq , Jordan , Israel , Germany , France and the United Kingdom , is intended to bolster his foreign policy credentials before U.S. voters . "  This is the campaign trail via satellite -- pictures for the rhetoric back home , " CNN 's Candy Crowley said , adding that the trip was intended to demonstrate that Obama was up to the job of taking a lead role on the international stage . "  The question is , is he tough enough to stand up for America but graceful enough to improve -LSB- its -RSB- image ? " Crowley said . Watch what Obama needs from this trip " In a recent Washington Post/ABC News poll , 48 percent of registered voters said Obama would make a good commander in chief , compared with 72 percent for his Republican rival , John McCain . "  The message to voters back home is that he is focused on being a strong and effective commander in chief who is going to rehabilitate our image across the world , " Democratic Sen. Evan Bayh said . But a spokeswoman for McCain said Thursday that Obama 's trip was politically motivated . "  It 's about politics . It 's a way for Obama to try and compete on foreign policy , " Jill Hazelbaker said . Obama arrived Saturday in Afghanistan . He is also scheduled to visit Iraq with two Senate colleagues , Democrat Jack Reed and Republican Chuck Hagel . McCain has visited both countries and accuses his rival of naivete for suggesting that Iraq had distracted the United States from the growing conflict in Afghanistan . Watch how the candidates are battling over Iraq " "  To say that Iraq is somehow disconnected from Afghanistan shows , again , incredible naivete , " McCain said this week . A video released by the McCain campaign also accused Obama of "  flip-flopping " over his plans to withdraw troops from Iraq . The campaign also aired its first negative advertisement of the season , hitting Obama on foreign policy issues . A diplomatic source told Time magazine that King Abdullah II of Jordan would urge Obama , if elected , to make Arab-Israeli peace talks a higher priority than has been the case under President Bush . Obama is expected to meet Israel 's top leaders : President Shimon Peres , Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , Defense Minister Ehud Barak , Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni and Likud Party leader Benjamin Netanyahu ; and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Prime Minister Salaam Fayad . Obama can expect a friendly reception in Europe , where he will meet Thursday with German Chancellor Angela Merkel . CNN European political editor Robin Oakley said Obama 's campaign has captured the public imagination there -- though he will be keen to avoid the sort of suggestions that he is "  too European " that dogged 2004 Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry . "  I was talking to a former British foreign secretary this week , and he said , ` It 's like JFK -LSB- John F. Kennedy -RSB- . ' He said it may not be justified , it may not be sensible , but that is the feeling , " Oakley said . But the trip would also offer a more critical opportunity to gauge Obama 's suitability for statesmanship , Oakley said : "  People have been saying to me , ` Look , this guy has only been in national politics for three years , let alone international politics . ' We do n't really know exactly what he is going to do . " In addition to Merkel , Obama is slated to meet with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Conservative Party Leader David Cameron as well as French President Nicolas Sarkozy .	NEW : Obama , 2 other senators in Afghanistan ; Iraq also on itinerary NEW : McCain releases ad criticizing Obama on foreign policy Democratic candidate seeks to burnish foreign policy credentials with trip Visits planned with Middle Eastern , European leaders
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese rock star , Cui Jian , has declined to appear on the state broadcaster 's annual Lunar New Year television extravaganza , his manager told CNN Wednesday . The invitation to perform had surprised many because Cui , sometimes called China 's "  father of rock " , had sided with student protesters during the 1989 Tiananmen Square demonstrations . "  Mr. Cui Jian did indeed receive an invitation from the Spring Festival Gala . However , Mr. Cui Jian ultimately wo n't perform , " his agent , You You , said in an email , without giving further details . During the protests in 1989 , students on hunger strike on the square adopted Cui 's hit "  Yiwu Suoyou "  Nothing to my Name  as their anthem . At the height of the protests , Cui gave an impromptu performance in the square -- days before the government sent in tanks and troops to crack down on the demonstrators . In the 1990s , authorities refused him permission to perform in big venues due to the political content of his lyrics , state newspaper Global Times reported on its website , although in recent years he has performed at some music festivals . Lunar New Year , also known as Spring Festival in China , is the country 's biggest holiday and families have traditionally gathered around the TV set on New Year 's Eve to watch CCTV 's "  Spring Festival Eve Gala . " For years , it was China 's most watched variety show , raking in huge advertising revenues and catapulting artists to stardom . However , with its cheesy sketches and patriotic songs , the marathon broadcast has lost some of its appeal among audiences recently and organizers have tried to spice it up with performances by international stars like Celine Dion .	Cui Jian declines to appear in state broadcaster 's Lunar New Year television gala Invite had surprised many as Chinese rock star sided with Tiananmen protesters in 1989 Annual show is one of world 's most watched television programs Marathon broadcast has been losing appeal among audiences in recent years .
CNN  -- Formula One drivers threatened to boycott the German GP this weekend if the tire problems which blighted the British round at Silverstone are repeated . The Grand Prix Drivers ' Association  GPDA  issued a statement after a meeting Thursday to "  express their deepest concerns " over the events Sunday which saw five drivers , including race leader Lewis Hamilton , suffer high speed blow outs . Manufacturer Pirelli promised prompt action after the chaotic scenes and new tires will be used , which feature a Kevlar belt rather than the steel one previously used , apparently offering better protection from punctures . Teams have also been banned from tire swapping and have been told to adhere to limits on tire pressures . "  We trust that the changes made to the tires will have the desired results and that similar problems will not occur during the German GP weekend , " said the GPDA . "  We are ready to drive our cars to the limit , as we always do , and as it is expected by our teams , sponsors and fans . " Aside from Hamilton , who battled back to fourth place behind victorious Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg , Felipe Massa , Jean-Eric Vergne , Sergio Perez and Esteban Gutierrez were also affected , with four of the drivers suffering the same left rear tire blow out . The stars of the grid said that if similar events manifested themselves at Nurburgring then they would not hesitate to pull out of the race . "  We shall immediately withdraw from the event , as this avoidable problem with the tires endangers again the lives of drivers , marshals and fans , " ended the statement . Earlier , Ferrari ace Fernando Alonso , who narrowly avoided serious injury when debris from Perez 's puncture nearly hit him at high speed , said he was keeping his fingers crossed that the problems will be eradicated by the new measures introduced by Pirelli . "  At the moment , we ca n't make any predictions , because no one has tried them and we do n't know what and how many benefits they can bring , apart from trusting in the fact that it wo n't be dangerous to race , " he told the official Ferrari website . "  Let 's hope that means all drivers can race in safe conditions , " he added . Alonso , second in the title race , will be hoping the triple defending champion Sebastian Vettel will extend his run of failing to win his home grand prix , despite his incredible success of recent seasons in the Red Bull . The 26-year-old German secured his first podium finish in F1 at the 2009 race but has not improved on that result . "  Surely , it is special , " he said . "  In terms of championship points , it is the same as every other place , but it is something special to race in front of your home crowd , " he told the official F1 website . Friday sees the first practice runs on the famous circuit and the first chance to see if any further tire problems arise after last Sunday 's worrying scenes .	F1 drivers threaten to boycott German GP over tire safety Their association expresses grave concerns over events at Silverstone Five drivers suffered tire failures in British Grand Prix Fernando Alonso says they have to place trust in tire manufacturer Pirelli
CNN  -- Ray Rice , the embattled Baltimore Ravens running back , told Matt Lauer in an interview on the "  Today " show that "  the only thing I can hope for and wish for is a second chance . " Rice was captured on film delivering a knock-out punch to his fiancee , now wife , in an Atlantic City hotel elevator . I do n't think he should get that second chance he is asking for . Domestic violence is an outright attack against women -- individually and as a gender . While I know from 30 years of experience as a criminal defense attorney that domestic violence is not limited to female victims , the overwhelming percentage of domestic violence events are men using their physical strength to overpower women . It is an insidious assault upon our mothers , sisters , girlfriends and wives . As a society , we tolerate far too much of this type of abuse . We can not tolerate it any longer , especially from celebrated public figures . They may not all deserve it , but celebrities are idolized in this country . From Hollywood actors to sports heroes and recording artists , we have created an extraordinarily special class amongst us . Great benefit and great advantage comes with such celebrity , and whether they like it or not , great responsibility comes as well . Sometimes , celebrities fail to live up to their responsibilities . Rather than forgiving the dalliances and sins of those whom we have made demigods , we owe it to our children  the ones who are looking up to these demigods  to hold their heroes ' feet to the fire and send a clear message . If we are going to pay somebody tens of millions of dollars to make movies , play sports or perform on stage , then we should also let them know that the privilege we have granted can be easily revoked if they fail to act responsibly . NFL brass admits ` crucial mistake ' in punishment of Rice Rice made himself a celebrity when he accepted a $ 35 million dollar contract with an NFL football team . When he punched his fiancee in the face and dragged her unconscious body out of a hotel elevator , he violated a public trust , and he should n't be allowed to play football for the NFL anymore . Admittedly , this zero tolerance policy argument flies in the face of the mitigation that I always argue on behalf of my criminal clients , but most criminal clients are not role models to millions of fans . Just like Donald Sterling , who was stripped of his ownership of the LA Clippers for making racist remarks , Rice should learn that if you 're going to bear the fruit , then you must also bear the burden . When we tell domestic abusers such as Ray Rice , in such a public way , that it 's OK to knock out your wife and drag her out of an elevator , then we are telling everyone it 's OK . We 're telling the young boys and teenagers who wear Rice jerseys that hitting women is OK . Well , it 's not OK .	Mark O'Mara : Ray Rice wants a second chance after video showed him punching fiancee O'Mara : He does n't deserve one ; Domestic violence is attack on all women , ca n't be tolerated He says with celebrity comes responsibility ; kids must learn heroes do n't get a slide
Madrid  CNN  -- The youngest daughter of Spain 's King Juan Carlos wo n't appeal preliminary charges against her for alleged financial crimes , and will give unprecedented testimony before a judge on February 8 , a court and her lawyers said Monday . Princess Cristina will be the first direct member of Spain 's royal family to testify in court while facing preliminary charges for a crime , Spain 's royal household confirmed . Her husband , Inaki Urdangarin , the King 's son-in-law , already faces preliminary charges in the same case . He testified last February about his business dealings and the alleged diversion of public funds that have been at the center of a judge 's investigation . The princess and her husband , through their legal teams , deny any wrongdoing . Judge Jose Castro is leading the investigation at a local court in Palma de Mallorca , in Spain 's Balearic Islands . In April , the magistrate brought preliminary charges against the princess in this case , but they were dropped in May after prosecutors appealed to a provincial court , citing insufficient evidence . But Castro continued his investigation and on Tuesday , in a 227-page order , again leveled preliminary charges against her . Before that , prosecutors said publicly they would oppose the renewed preliminary charges . On Tuesday , the princess 's lawyers vowed to appeal again to a provincial court . But in recent days , there was a sudden change of position . In a prepared statement Saturday , the princess 's lawyers said that an appeal of the preliminary charges would have "  collateral effects " for the princess by dragging out the process and that she had decided to "  appear voluntarily " before the judge , who initially set March 8 as the court date . On Monday , the judge told reporters that given the new situation , he felt obliged to move up the court date , to February 8 . That 's a Saturday , and , as with her husband last year , authorities think a weekend day is a better time for the court appearance in central Palma de Mallorca , given the intense media attention , a court spokeswoman said . The case centers on Urdangarin 's nonprofit foundation , which obtained public contracts from regional governments to stage sports and tourism events . The judge is investigating whether some of those funds were diverted for private use . The judge wants to question the princess about alleged tax fraud and money laundering through a company she had with her husband . He seeks to determine how much knowledge or participation the princess may have had in this company 's activities , according to the court order last Tuesday . The preliminary charges eventually could be dropped , but a filing of indictments would set a trial in motion . Urdangarin , an Olympic medalist in handball , was granted the title of duke of Palma when he married Princess Cristina in 1997 . The fraud scandal has created unprecedented problems for Spain 's popular royal family and kept the country riveted . There have been open calls for the King , 76 , to abdicate in favor of his son , Crown Prince Felipe , 45 , who is seen as untouched by this and other scandals . But the royal household has said the King does not plan to abdicate . In April , the royal household revealed that it had asked the government in February 2013 to include the monarchy in a new law on transparency -- regarding financing and other activities . The government approved the law in September .	Princess Cristina , King Juan Carlos ' youngest daughter , wo n't appeal preliminary charges She 'll be first direct royal family member to testify in court amid preliminary charges for a crime Husband , Inaki Urdangarin , also faces preliminary charges in the case ; both deny wrongdoing Judge is investigating whether funds from Urdangarin 's nonprofit went for private use
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A California food processing plant is voluntarily recalling up to 1 million pounds of roasted pistachio products that may have been contaminated with salmonella , the Food and Drug Administration announced Monday . Salmonella strains were found last week during routine test by Kraft Foods , one company that purchased the nuts . The nuts came from Setton Farms in Terra Bella , California , about 75 miles south of Fresno . They were largely distributed in 2,000-pound containers to food wholesalers who would then package them for resale or incorporate them as ingredients in other products , such as ice cream and trail mix . No illnesses have been linked to this case , said Dr. David Acheson , FDA 's associate commissioner . But salmonella strains were found last week during routine test by Kraft Foods , one of about three dozen companies that purchase pistachios from Setton Farms , he said . Kraft notified the FDA on March 24 . Setton Farms did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . Acheson emphasized that unlike the recent case of salmonella-tainted peanut butter , this recall was not prompted by an sickness outbreak , saying the decision was a "  proactive " move . He said the FDA has received two recent complaints , from the East and West coasts , from people who say they became ill after eating pistachio products , but a link to Setton Farms has not been confirmed , he said . The FDA is advising consumers not to eat any pistachio products , but not to throw them out , either , because additional recalls are likely and having products that could be turned in would allow for easier tracing of contamination . The agency is setting up a Web site to update the public . Dr. Jeff Farrar , head of the California health department 's food and drug division , said it 's likely that the roasted pistachios will be found in a wide variety of products . He noted that Setton Farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the nation . Raw pistachios are roasted to a temperature that should kill salmonella , Acheson said . Because the roasted products tested positive for salmonella suggest cross-contamination with raw products . Acheson added that the Setton Farms recall is related to the one announced Friday by Kroger , a grocery store chain with stores in 31 states . Kroger recalled Private Selection shelled pistachios from its retail stores because of possible salmonella contamination . Kroger , in a statement Friday , said no illnesses have been reported in connection with the product . In February , Kroger was among retailers that recalled peanut products tied to the Peanut Corporation of America , a Virginia-based company accused by the FDA of knowingly selling peanut butter and peanut paste that was contaminated with salmonella . PCA 's peanut processing plant in Blakely , Georgia , is being investigated in connection with a salmonella outbreak that has sickened more than 500 people and has been linked to eight deaths .	The pistachios , mostly sold to wholesalers , came from Setton Farms in California Kraft is one of three dozen companies to purchase pistachios from Setton Farms No illnesses have been linked to this case so far Setton Farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the nation
CNN  -- They traded in their coveralls for suits , but many of the 33 miners who were trapped for 69 days in a gold and copper mine still sported their protective sunglasses when they appeared at the Chilean presidential palace Monday to accept awards for their ordeal . Chilean President Sebastian Pinera invited the miners , known as "  the 33 , " to a special ceremony in Santiago . The rescuers involved in the operation were also honored . The rescue earlier this month captured the attention of the world , as one by one the trapped miners were pulled to the surface in a custom-made capsule that was lowered through a hole drilled into the rock . The men survived underground for longer than anyone in history . "  If anybody doubted before this accident that faith moves mountains , if anybody doubted that when us Chileans get united we are capable of reaching great goals , if anybody doubted our ability to make great achievements , I think that your example has dissipated those doubts , " Pinera said , referring to the miners . "  All of those doubts disappeared with what is known today as the Miracle of San Jose , which is the miracle of this story . " The miners have garnered much attentions since their rescue , and many of them still wore the $ 400 Oakley sunglasses they were given to protect their eyes as the exited the mine . Hundreds of people gathered outside of La Moneda , the presidential palace , and cheered the miners as they arrived . Some wore hard hats and waved flags and posters with the miners ' photos . The successful rescue operation was seen as a boost to Chile 's image . "  When we found out that the company working the mine did n't have the ability to do the proper search-and-rescue effort , we made a decision . The decision was to assume in its entirety 100 percent of the responsibility , " Pinera said . The president continued , "  We searched for each one of you as if you were our children , finding you with the help of God , and rescuing you with the support and contribution of thousands upon thousands of heroes , some known , some others anonymously , who gave themselves entirely to the task while you were -LSB- trapped -RSB- in the depths of the mountain . " The rescue efforts were proof that Chile is committed to doing things right , the president said . "  That day -LSB- of the rescue -RSB- was a triumph of life over death , hope over pessimism , unity over division , courage over fear , and decisiveness over hesitation , " he said .	President Sebastian Pinera hosts the rescued miners Monday Hundreds of people waited outside to cheer them as they arrived The rescue showed the resolve of the Chilean people , Pinera says
CNN  -- So much for destiny . The Royals seemingly had karma on their side and were ready to put a Hollywood ending on a memorable season , but the baseball gods had a different plan . For they had created a pitcher who had a performance that surely is n't that of a mortal . Led by Most Valuable Player Madison Bumgarner , the San Francisco Giants won an exciting and intriguing World Series Game 7 by a 3-2 score . In the second World Series matchup of wildcard teams , it was n't to be for the young Royals , who even got the tying run to third base in the ninth inning . But the Giants had Bumgarner , and no one was going to score against him . Madison the Magnificent Early on , the Royals had to think things were going perfectly . They knocked out Giants starter Tim Hudson in a hurry , and it looked like San Fran skipper Bruce Bochy was going to have to make repeated calls to his bullpen . They were keeping the game close , even though they trailed by a run . Sure , the Giants had Bumgarner , their ace , available , but he just threw a complete game three days ago . Even if he came in , it seemed impossible he 'd throw more than a couple innings . He threw an inconceivable five . You know the last time that 's been done before Wednesday . Probably never . "  I was n't thinking about finishing the game or how many innings I was going to go or pitch count , " Bumgarner said . "  I was just wanting to get outs . " Bumgarner finished the World Series with two wins , one incredible save and an ERA of 0.43 . Asked if he was fatigued after such a magnificent performance , the 25-year-old star admitted , yeah , he was . "  I ca n't lie to you any more ; I 'm a little tired now , " he said with a chuckle . 90 feet from extra innings With Bumgarner locked in and two out in the ninth , San Francisco fans could n't be blamed if they were celebrating . But K.C. still had a little life . After all , these are the Royals who appeared doomed in the American League Wild Card game , only to rally for a win . Kansas City 's Alex Gordon was the last hope , and he laced a liner to left center . Hearts in Kansas City sank as it appeared Gregor Blanco might catch it . Their hearts raced as the ball fell and skipped by the outfielder and rolled to the wall . Gordon headed toward third as Juan Perez fumbled the ball . Could it be ? Would Gordon turn for home and score the most improbable of runs ? San Francisco manager Bruce Bochy said he was just thinking : "  Let 's get the ball in because Gordon can run . " Perez was able to pick up the ball and get it back to the infield in time to keep Gordon from scoring . Then Bumgarner closed out the game , enticing Salvador Perez to pop out . "  To end up losing the ball game by 90 feet , it 's tough , " Royals manager Ned Yost said . "  The hard part about this is , you work all year  beginning in February  to climb to the top of the mountain and then -- boom -- you fall back , and you got ta start right back at the bottom next year . " Just wait til next year Royals fans have waited three decades  it seems even longer  but despite a tough loss , they were still proud of their lads . "  The @Royals may have lost , but this team and that city is all winner . Thanks for a GREAT post season . Congrats Giants and GO @KCChiefs !!!! " "  Modern Family " actor Eric Stonestreet tweeted . "  Never been prouder of @Royals on a great season and an absolutely unforgettable , drama-filled playoff run . Well done , fellas , " White House press secretary Josh Earnest wrote . "  I love my @Royals !!! Thanks for the best Series I 've seen in 29 yrs ! Congrats San Francisco Giants , " added comedian Rob Riggle . Fans at Kauffman Stadium stayed after the end and even broke into a loud "  Let 's go Royals " chant . Affeldt bridges the gap Years from now , when Jeremy Affeldt shows off his World Series rings , people will ask him about watching Madison Bumgarner pitch . They 'll have long forgotten , if they ever knew , that Affeldt had a lower ERA in the 2014 postseason then even the Giants star . No one scored on Affeldt . No one . In Game 7 , before Bumgarner stole the headlines , Affeldt blanked the Royals for 21/3 innings . It earned him the win  Originally the win was given to Bumgarner but the decision was changed later  . Affeldt has now pitched in 22 consecutive playoff games without surrendering a run . Only the legendary Mariano Rivera has done better . "  Affeldt , he is incredible , " Bochy said . "  He 's played a critical role in these three championships . " Party time San Francisco fans are used to watching their team win the World Series on the road . Each of their clinching wins has been a road game . According to CNN affiliate KRON , fans took to the streets in the Mission District and near Civic Center Plaza , where there had been a public watch party . And one person was shot in the arm , police told the station . The suspect was n't caught , police spokesman Gordon Shyy told KRON . Only a few people had been arrested , he added . Mayor Edwin Lee took to Twitter to announce the victory parade would be held Friday .	No one could have predicted Madison Bumgarner would have enough to pitch five innings Jeremy Affeldt was just as good , tossing more scoreless innings Royals fans stay after game to show their pride One person shot in San Francisco , CNN affiliate reports
CNN  -- The Newtown community has begun to say goodbye to victims of the December 14 shooting with a series of funerals , memorial services and vigils . As the entire community struggles to come to terms with what happened , and tries to understand the inexplicable , families have started the process of deciding how they 'd prefer gifts in their relative 's name be directed . Below is a list of ways to donate in victims ' names , and ways to send families messages of support and condolence , as detailed in their obituaries . Remembering the victims Charlotte Bacon - In lieu of flowers , contributions in Charlotte 's memory may be sent to Christ the King Lutheran Church , 85 Mt. Pleasant Rd. , Newtown , CT 06470 . Daniel Barden - In lieu of flowers , donations may be made in Daniel 's name to the Sandy Hook School Support Fund . A private fund has been set up for the Barden family . For more information or to make a contribution visit BardenFund.com Dylan Christopher Hockley - Memorial contributions may be made to the Dylan Hockley Memorial Fund , 34 Charter Ridge Road , Sandy Hook , CT , 06482 . Dawn Hochsprung - To leave an online condolence message , please visit MunsonLovetereFuneralHome.com . Memorial contributions to the Dawn Lafferty Hochsprung Memorial Fund can be mailed to or dropped off at either Waterbury Connecticut Teachers Federal Credit Union location . Visit WCTFCU.com for more information . Chase Kowalski - In lieu of flowers please make a donation to the Chase Kowalksi Scholarship Fund , c/o Peoples Bank , 470 Monroe Tpke. , Monroe , CT 06468 . To leave an online condolence please visit SpadaccinoFuneralHome.com . James Mattioli - In lieu of flowers , a donation may be made in James ' memory to the James R. Mattioli Memorial Fund c/o Newtown Savings Bank , 39 Main Street , Newtown CT 06470 . To leave an online condolence please visit SpadaccinoFuneralHome.com Emilie Parker - You can send a message to Emilie 's family or donate to their fund via a Facebook page set up for Emilie . Noah Pozner - You can send a message of support to Noah 's family via this Facebook page . Also , the Noah 's Ark of Hope Fund has been established to help Noah 's siblings , two of whom were at the school during the shooting . Caroline Previdi - Contributions in Caroline 's memory may be made to "  The Toy Chest " , St. Rose of Lima Church , 46 Church Hill Road , Newtown , CT 06470 Jessica Rekos - Memorial contributions may be made to the Newtown Rotary Sandy Hook School Fund , PO Box 263 , Newtown , CT 06482 . Victoria Soto - The family has requested in lieu of flowers that donations be made to the Victoria L. Soto Memorial Fund for Education , through the Funeral Home . Benjamin Wheeler - To leave a message of condolence for Benjamin 's family , please click here . Allison Wyatt - Allison Wyatt 's family has designated two funds for those interested in making a contribution in lieu of flowers . Donations payable to the Allison Wyatt Memorial Fund are tax deductible and will support charities in Allison 's honor . The second fund will provide Allison 's younger sister with ongoing support and for her college education . Donations to this fund should be payable to "  Ben Wyatt as Custodian , " and donations to either can be mailed to Steve DeMartino , c/o TransAct Technologies Inc. , One Hamden Center , 2319 Whitney Avenue , Suite 3B , Hamden , CT 06518 .	Families have begun to identify where they 'd like contributions in victims ' names to be sent There are many ways to send messages of support and condolence Please visit CNN.com / Impact for more ways to help the community of Sandy Hook
At times angry and choked with emotion , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Wednesday took on Republican critics of her department 's handling of the September terrorist attack in Libya that killed the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans , but repeatedly distanced herself from a direct role in specific situations . "  As I have said many times since September 11 , I take responsibility , " Clinton told two long-anticipated congressional hearings examining the attack that became a major issue in the November presidential election . Conservative Republicans challenged Clinton on the lack of security at the diplomatic compound in Benghazi , where Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three others were killed , as well as the erroneous account provided four days later by U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice that the attack grew spontaneously from a protest over an anti-Islam film produced in the United States . Sen. Ron Johnson , a tea party backed Wisconsin Republican serving his first term , persistently questioned Clinton on Wednesday morning about what he described as Rice "  purposely misleading " the American people . Security Clearance : Clinton lays out daunting security challenges in North Africa "  We were misled that there were supposedly protests and something sprang out of that , an assault sprang out of that and that was easily ascertained that that was not the fact , " Johnson said , adding that "  the American people could have known that within days . " Shouting and gesturing with her arms in frustration , Clinton shot back : "  With all due respect , the fact is we had four dead Americans . Was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night decided they 'd go kill some Americans ? " Her fists shaking , she continued : "  What difference , at this point , does it make ? It is our job to figure out what happened and do everything we can to prevent it from ever happening again , senator . " Five things we learned from the Benghazi hearings Later Johnson , interviewed by CNN 's Erin Burnett , said he still did not think Clinton answered his question . "  The American people also have the right to be told the truth , " said Johnson . "  They have an expectation that this administration , this president will be honest with them . And so it makes a big deal of difference . I 'll tell you what , I was surprised by Secretary Clinton 's reaction to that . " Another conservative , Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , told Clinton she should have been fired for not reading cables from Stevens and others in Libya . Later in the day , conservative GOP Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina accused Clinton of "  national security malpractice " by letting the Benghazi consulate "  become a death trap . " Duncan also questioned Clinton 's claim of taking responsibility , noting she still had her job and the State Department officials cited for culpability by an independent review also remained on the payroll , though on forced leave pending possible further steps . #whatdifferencedoesitmake : Clinton quote goes viral on Twitter At both hearings , which together totaled more than five hours , Clinton acknowledged the "  systemic breakdown " cited by an Accountability Review Board she appointed and noted she had accepted all 29 of its recommendations , adding her department was taking additional steps to increase security at U.S. diplomatic facilities around the world . However , she also told both the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and House Foreign Affairs Committee that she had no direct role in the handling of requests by Stevens and other diplomats for increased security that were denied , saying : "  I did n't see those requests . They did n't come to me . " In reference to the erroneous talking points by Rice that were aired on September 16 , Clinton told the Senate panel that she was focused at that time on ensuring the safety of U.S. personnel at other facilities where protests were taking place . "  I was pretty occupied about keeping our people safe , doing what needed to be done , " Clinton said , adding "  I was n't involved in the talking points process . " Ticker : What Benghazi hearing could say about 2016 White House At one point , Clinton attempted to wrap up the issue , saying : "  If you wish to fault the administration , it 's that we did n't have a clear picture , and we probably did n't do as clear a job explaining that we did not have a clear picture , until days later , creating what I think are legitimate questions . " The independent report from the review board said it did not find "  that any individual U.S. government employee engaged in misconduct or willfully ignored his or her responsibilities " leading up to the attack . However , one State Department official resigned and three others were placed on administrative leave after the report was released in December . One of the GOP 's harshest critics of the administration over the Benghazi attack , Sen. John McCain of Arizona , called Clinton 's testimony unsatisfactory . Johnson says he should not have ` speculated ' about Clinton 's emotional moments He said her department had yet to fully disclose all e-mails and other communication from Stevens and others in Benghazi , noting the American people , including the family and loved ones of those killed , deserved full answers . Critics also complain the assailants remain at large , and Clinton noted that "  we continue to hunt the terrorists responsible for the attacks in Benghazi and are determined to bring them to justice . " She told Wednesday 's hearings that the FBI is pursuing what she called "  very positive leads . " In her opening statement to both panels , Clinton said the Benghazi attack did n't happen in a vacuum but was part of a "  broader strategic challenge in North Africa and the wider region . " Clinton 's Benghazi statement : ` Not just a matter of policy -- it 's personal ' She defended her department 's response , saying there was "  timely " and "  exceptional " coordination between the State Department and the Pentagon on the night of the attack "  No delays in decision making . No denials of support from Washington or from the military , " Clinton said . The review panel 's report "  said our response saved American lives in real time -- and it did , " she added . Clinton also said she directed the response to the attack from the State Department that night and "  stayed in close contact with officials from across our government and the Libyan government . " In addition , Clinton said she immediately took steps to beef up security at U.S. posts around the world and to implement the review panel 's 29 recommendations . Clinton made clear that the security situation in North Africa and the Middle East remained threatening in the wake of the Arab Spring upheaval , with longtime leaders ousted in Egypt , Tunisia and Libya . The fledgling Libyan leadership turned out to be unable to fulfill traditional security commitments to the U.S. diplomatic compound , she said . Opinion : Benghazi blame game is useless "  What I found with the Libyans was willingness but not capacity , " she said . Clinton also warned that weapons from Libya have turned up in Algeria and elsewhere , adding that "  this Pandora 's Box if you will " represented a major security threat . "  The Arab Spring has ushered in a time when al Qaeda is on the rise , " she said . "  The world in many ways is even more dangerous because we lack a central command -LSB- in al Qaeda -RSB- and have instead these nodes that are scattered throughout North Africa and other places . " Clinton expressed particular concern at events in Mali , where well-armed Tuareg militia , who had been working for former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , came home just as al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  gravitated toward the area . The size and topography of northern Mali , with its endless desert and caves , made for a long but necessary struggle , she said , adding that "  we can not permit northern Mali to become a safe haven . " Opinion : Rand Paul vs. Hillary Clinton , clash of titans Overall , she said , at least 20 U.S. diplomatic outposts "  are under a serious threat environment as I speak to you . " Wednesday 's committee appearances were some of the last acts for Clinton before she leaves her post as long planned , and Clinton showed a personal side in discussing what happened . "  For me , this is not just a matter of policy , " she told the Senate panel . "  It 's personal . " In reference to the return of remains of the four slain Americans , Clinton said in a voice choked with emotion : "  I stood next to President Obama as the Marines carried those flag-draped caskets off the plane at Andrews . I put my arms around the mothers and fathers , sisters and brothers , sons and daughters . " Democrats on both panels made a point of praising Clinton 's service and noted that House Republicans have voted to cut funding for diplomatic security . However , Republicans rejected any connection between budget resources and vulnerability at the Benghazi compound , citing a report by a State Department financial officer . Clinton faces hearings with numbers on her side The hearings provided Republicans with a final opportunity to question Clinton , considered a possible presidential contender in 2016 , on camera before she leaves office . After the September attack , conservative Republicans focused on the issue to attack the Obama administration 's handling of the Libyan revolution and the overall Arab Spring upheaval . Several legislators made references on Wednesday to Clinton 's possible political future , with Republican Steve Chabot of Ohio drawing a laugh from the secretary when he said : "  I wish you the best in your future endeavors . Mostly . " Polls show strong public support for Clinton and her performance as secretary of state , with an ABC News/Washington Post survey released Wednesday showing 67 % of respondents had a favorable impression of her . Clinton was originally scheduled to testify last month but postponed her appearance as she was treated for illness , a concussion and a blood clot near her brain . The country 's top diplomat returned to work just over two weeks ago . Pentagon releases official timeline of Benghazi attack	Secretary of state completes more than five hours of sometimes contentious hearings Libya wanted to provide security , but lacked the capacity , Clinton said "  I take responsibility , " Clinton tells Senate committee Clinton 's appearance before Congress was delayed due to health issues
CNN  -- The odds turned against a bettor after police say he was caught on camera using special contact lenses to cheat at a Connecticut casino . Bruce Koloshi , 54 , of Summit , New Jersey , who was known in other casinos as a card marker , was observed by Mohegan Sun Casino surveillance playing at a "  Mississippi Stud " table game , Connecticut State Police said in a statement . Upon reviewing the video footage , it was determined that Koloshi was marking cards with an ink-type substance that was made visible through special contact lenses that he was wearing , the statement said . After he was arrested , Koloshi provided a false name , but his true identity was revealed through his fingerprints , police said . Koloshi had an outstanding warrant in Louisiana on gaming-related charges , police said . Koloshi was charged in Connecticut with being a fugitive from justice , cheating , conspiracy and criminal impersonation . He was arraigned on Monday and did not enter a plea . He is currently being held on a $ 300,000 bond , according to the Norwich Superior Court . Koloshi 's attorney , John Maxwell , declined to comment . Koloshi is expected to appear in court on September 27 .	A bettor marked cards with ink-like substance , used special lenses to see it , police say Bruce Koloshi was caught on surveillance video at Connecticut casino , cops say Koloshi , 54 , is charged with cheating , conspiracy ; he 's also wanted in Louisiana
Beijing  CNN  -- A Chinese musician famous for playing a two-stringed fiddle , a 1994 Hollywood drama about two prison inmates , a United Airlines flight bound for Washington and CNN -- what do they have in common ? If you try to search "  Abing , " "  the Shawshank Redemption , " "  UA898 " and "  CNN " on Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter , you receive this terse message : "  According to relevant laws and policies , results are not displayed . " These terms have joined a fast-growing list of keywords blocked by Chinese censors as they try to prevent the public from obtaining news on a prominent human rights activist who recently escaped his more than 18 months of house arrest in eastern China . Chen Guangcheng is now in the U.S. embassy in Beijing , and American and Chinese officials are scrambling to resolve his situation , his friends and supporters have said . In a video posted online Friday , the blind activist recounted the brutal treatment he and his family received during confinement . While Chen 's plight and dramatic escape have made top headlines around the world , news outlets in China , all of which are state-controlled , have mostly ignored the story . Clinton traveling to China amid tensions over Chen Major web portals and social networking sites , though not state-owned , have to comply with strict government censorship rules -- or risk being shut down . After launching a campaign to clean up "  rampant online rumors , " Chinese authorities in late March ordered the country 's leading micro-blogging sites -- including Sina Weibo -- to disable their comment function for three days . Outside a busy Beijing subway station Monday , CNN randomly asked more than three dozen people about Chen -- only two had heard of him and his escape . One of the two , a young man who declined to give his name , said : "  It was all over Weibo for a while before the topic was censored . " "  It 's a typical response by officials and quite a successful strategy in making it extremely difficult to spread information beyond some small circles of activists , " explained Jeremy Goldkorn , a leading commentator on China 's social media . "  But people interested in such things will still manage to find out . " They also get creative in Chinese cyberspace to evade censors , especially on the popular Sina Weibo site , where a third of China 's more than 500 million internet users share news and information . With Chen Guangcheng 's name long-since banned , netizens have come up with various code words . The obvious ones , like his initials "  CGC " or "  blind man , " were caught by censors quickly and added to the search blacklist . Then people tried Abing , the famous early 20th Century Chinese musician who was also blind . "  The Shawshank Redemption " was used to tell Chen 's saga as some see the parallel in the storyline of inmates -- Chen was a prisoner in his own home -- enduring great suffering before eventually breaking free . The United flight number went viral online Friday as Chen was rumored to be on that plane en route the United States . It turned out to be a false alarm . CNN , like most other international news media , has followed Chen 's story for years and provided extensive coverage on his situation since his escape . Other newly banned keywords include Chen 's home village "  Dongshigu , " "  U.S. embassy " and "  pearl " -- nickname of Chen 's friend He Peirong , who drove him to Beijing and was taken into custody after the news broke . Despite the official blackout , some Chinese journalists have tried to spread the word in covert ways . On Netease , one the country 's biggest web portals , editors Monday morning posted a clip of a TV news story on the "  sudden early arrival " of a senior U.S. official ahead of a scheduled visit by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton later this week . One of the tags for the video was "  Chen Guangcheng . " Within a few hours , the 25-second clip has attracted some 25,000 comments . One of the top comments reads : "  I know why he came but I ca n't say it -- or I 'd be revealing state secrets . " I took a screenshot of the webpage showing Chen 's name and posted it on my Sina Weibo account . It was reposted several hundred times before censors removed it . Chen 's name disappeared from the video tags on the Netease page shortly after that . Since Friday , eight of my last ten Weibo posts have fallen victim to the site 's censors . Most of them are related to Chen , including reaction from supporter and Hollywood actor Christian Bale as well as links to my CNN stories . By Monday afternoon , "  StevenCNN " -- my Weibo name -- has become a banned search term .	Chinese censors block a growing number of keywords related to blind activist Chen Internet users in China often get around the censors by using codewords online Chen Guangcheng is now in the U.S. embassy in Beijing after fleeing house arrest Codewords such as "  Abing , " "  the Shawshank Redemption , " "  UA898 " and "  CNN " blocked on web
CNN  It 's an unseasonably warm day in Oakland , California , a perfect morning for Jennifer and Dave Simon to take their baby , Livia , out for a walk . But her stroller sits idle , and Livia is stuck inside the house -- as she has been for nearly a month . Livia is n't sick , but doctors fear she might become the 53rd person to contract measles in a recent Disneyland outbreak . Now she 's in a 28-day quarantine , because of a family that refused to vaccinate their child . Opinion : Heed the lesson from Disneyland measles outbreak It started January 2 , when the Simons took Livia , who had a cold , to the pediatrician . Two days later , the doctor 's office called to say that a child with measles had been in the office that same day . The Simons feared the worst . One of the most contagious viruses on Earth , measles can hang in the air or on surfaces for hours . If she 'd contracted the disease , Livia could become deaf or even die . "  We were really freaking out and really worried , " Jennifer Simon said . Then the Simons learned from a doctor that the child in the doctor 's office had contracted measles because his parents had refused vaccination . Livia , just 6 months old , is too young to be vaccinated . "  I 'm angry , " Simon said . "  I 've been upset that someone else 's personal choice has impacted us so much . " In Alameda County , where Simon lives , nine infants were in quarantine as of Tuesday night because of the measles outbreak , a spokeswoman said . Simon said she hopes families who opt not to immunize their children realize the full impact of their decision . "  Their choice endangered my child , " she said . She points out that vaccine refusers rely on other people to protect their children . It 's called herd immunity . If the rest of the community is immune to disease , it helps keep the disease from spreading to those who are unvaccinated . "  You 're basically relying on society but not giving back , " she said . Livia 's quarantine ends Friday . A happy baby , she does n't seem to mind being at home , but it 's disrupted the Simons ' life and cost them money , as the couple had to miss work for several days and then bring Jennifer 's mother in from Houston to stay home with Livia . When asked what she would say to parents of the unvaccinated child , she said she would first ask whether their child was doing OK . Then she would ask them a question : "  Hey , you guys , what do you think about vaccines now ? " 5 things to know about measles	A California baby too young to be vaccinated went to the doctor with a cold Another child in the office had measles ; its parents had refused vaccination "  Their choice endangered my child , " mother says
CNN  The gift of an inquiring mind can be both exhilarating and torturous . My job is to ask tough questions , but when it comes to faith , God , and religion , the more questions I ask in my quest for truth and understanding , the more complex the answers become . I was a bit of a rebellious child . My mom might tell you differently , but I never saw that as a bad trait . I felt that if I questioned authority , fought for the underdog , battled for the things that people told me were impossible , I would be different . Change the world maybe . That same rebellious spirit also led to things that definitely were not good for me , like hanging with the wrong crowd and getting into the type of trouble that I would rather not put in print . That 's when I "  found God . " I became a "  born-again " Christian when I attended a Young Life camp in high school . My home life was n't exactly going swimmingly , and this group really embraced me . I loved the Christian notion of community , giving back , praying for others and making friends that cared more about doing good than getting drunk , smoking pot and having sex . I opened my arms to Jesus and fully embraced Christian morals and principles . I decided that I was going to be "  that good girl " and go on to do great things . I started off at Westmont , a beautiful Christian college nestled in the heart of Santa Barbara , California . What a safe place that was . It was also extremely nurturing . The professors dedicated bountiful amounts of time to our individual spiritual development , and regularly prayed with us . My peer group was all about what ministry you signed up for , not what sorority you were rushing . We lifted each other up , had intimate sunrise Bible studies on the beach and spent hours hanging out with friends , talking about how to lead a godly life . As glorious and fulfilling as all that appeared , two years into college , the world became much larger to me . More complex , diverse , intellectually and spiritually challenging . It became the world of church , religion and faith versus the world of ideas , cultures , and philosophies . I found myself more drawn to Carl Jung than the book of Corinthians . A good friend gave me a book , The Myth of Certainty . It posed these questions : "  Do you ever feel somewhat schizophrenic about the relationship of your faith to the rest of your life ? Do you find yourself compartmentalizing different aspects so that tensions between them are minimized ? " The answer to all of these for me was : yes . I started to read a lot . I wanted to mesh with a myriad of thinkers , and religious scholars . I needed to make a change . I left Westmont after my sophomore year and transferred to USC 's School of Journalism . I discovered I had too many questions about faith to pursue a life of ministry , but I felt good about this transition . To me , it made perfect sense , because like ministers , true journalists love people , listen well and want to make a difference within this universe . Meet the friendly atheists next door The key difference is , in journalism , if we gather the "  facts , " we can usually find the answers to what we 're looking for . When it comes to God , Jesus and the Holy Spirit , those answers rest in faith . As a journalist , I seek intellectual certainty . When it came to my faith , I felt intellectually embarrassed . There was so much I just could n't explain . When I started working on a documentary about the growth of atheism , I found myself in a profound place of reflection . In the days when I thought I was going to pursue a life of ministry , I experienced and felt many things that were unexplainable . What was that ? God ? A higher power ? Energy ? Or just good karma for trying to lead such a generous and selfless life ? There is no way to know . My stepfather , who grew up in -- but later left -- the Mormon church has a perspective on religion that I find intriguing . He does n't believe in a God with a long white beard and flowing robes who sits upon a cloud guiding our daily lives . That concept is too abstract . But while he may not embrace "  God-liness , " he does believe in "  Good-liness . " God , he told me in one of our many colorful spiritual discussions , is the "  good " in humankind . He and I definitely agree that the concept of God should not be dismissed as having no meaning . To the contrary , it has a very important meaning , for it refers in symbolic language to the highest dimension of human existence , our spirituality . After years of spiritual reflection and inquiry , I am at a place where I do n't want to feel guilty , hypocritical , judgmental , closed-minded or arrogant . So , where do I stand now -- 30 years after "  finding God , " questioning my faith , committing sins , seeking hazardous adventure and trying to love life and people to the best of my ability ? I am a "  seeker . " A constant seeker within this world , among people and , of course , for spiritual enlightenment of all kind . Because if I did possess the truth -- the "  final answer " -- I am convinced I would spend the rest of my years missing out on the enrichment and surprise of seeking it . I guess I just love my exhilarating and torturous life .	Kyra Phillips became a born-again Christian as a teen She attended a Christian college , but left after her sophomore year Phillips says she now considers herself a seeker of spiritual enlightenment
LOS ANGELES , California  AP  -- The shoe phone on TV 's "  Get Smart " was n't just a sneaky spy gadget , it was a technological marvel : a wireless , portable telephone that could be used anywhere -- though it did require a dime to make a call . Today , almost everyone has a pocket-sized version that also takes photos , shoots video , sends e-mail and surfs the Internet . About the only thing it does n't do is protect your feet . "  Get Smart " comes to the big screen next week , along with a spate of new spy gadgets to help Maxwell Smart , Agent 99 and the other spies at CONTROL . The gadgets are just as goofy as they were in the original TV series , but because technology has caught up with the writers ' imaginations , there 's a big difference : many of the movie 's doo-dads actually exist . "  Our favorite thing is to take something that does sort of exist and just exaggerate it a little bit , " said Matt Ember , who co-wrote the script . The film shows a tiny iPod alongside spy-worthy stuff such as a two-way tooth radio and a digital "  spy fly " -- all of which are available now . "  It 's pushed to a level of success that perhaps it has n't achieved in the real world , but it 's real , it 's out there , so that 's fun " added co-writer Tom J. Astle , a self-described science nut . Director Peter Segal said he originally could n't believe such devices were real . "  I said , ` That 's too silly . I do n't think people will buy it , " ' he recalled telling the writers . "  Then they Googled it and it came up as an actual thing . " Astle and Ember saw the tooth radio in a magazine and thought it was a perfect fit for the film . "  That 's an example of taking inspiration from the old series in spirit , " Astle said . "  The inherent comedy of having a microphone in your mouth -- it 's really close to your voice and it 's easy to yell and be too loud . " The inextricable link between gadgets and spy movies began with James Bond in 1962 , said TV historian Tim Brooks , author of "  The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows . " The often-preposterous devices Bond used added levity to a genre that "  had always been deadly serious " during the early years of the Cold War , Brooks said . Back in the day , "  Get Smart " ratcheted up the goofiness level with bulletproof pajamas , a Bunsen-burner phone and other wacky gadgets that often did n't work . When the show debuted in 1965 , the nation was future-focused and obsessed with the promise of technology . The show played on that obsession , Brooks said , introducing dozens of covert gadgets and props designed to make life easier for Cold War-era secret agents . A cigarette lighter doubled as a .22 - caliber gun . A lipstick could record conversations or release poisonous gas . Then there was the famous shoe phone and the always-dysfunctional "  cone of silence " that could  theoretically  keep conversations private , even in a crowded room . "  It 's nothing that you would expect to find or would even make sense in real life , and that 's the gag , " Brooks said . "  It was part of what the show was about . You 'd watch wondering what 's next , where 's the phone going to be next time . ... It was like a satire of our fixation with gadgets . " The movie also takes liberties with some familiar devices , such as portable lasers , retinal scanners and a tricked-out Swiss Army Knife equipped with a flame-thrower and a mini crossbow . Despite living in a high-tech world , movie fans still love spy gadgets , the filmmakers said : Just look at the success of the Bond franchise , which will soon introduce its 22nd installment , and spy spoofs such as "  Austin Powers . " Part of it is the undercover element , part of it is a cultural love for technology , and part of it is wishful thinking . "  Human beings are tool-users , " Astle said . "  We would like to believe that our government -- the good guys -- have within their power tools and electronic gadgets that will protect us that are beyond what we could do . " "  There is some reality to it , " Ember said . "  We do have facial-recognition software , but on the other hand , I 'm not allowed to bring shampoo on an airplane . "	New film "  Get Smart " comes to the big screen next week Co-writer says the film exaggerates many gadgets that can be bought online The original TV show debuted in 1965 , when the nation was "  future-focused " TV historian says the show was a satire of America 's fixation with gadgets
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- A woman blinded in an acid attack seven years ago said Sunday she stopped the "  eye for an eye " punishment for her attacker because "  such revenge is not worth it . " A physician was to drop acid -- under legal supervision -- into the eyes of Majid Movahedi on Sunday , according to Fars News Agency , to punish him for throwing acid in Bahrami 's face . The act disfigured her face and blinded her . "  I never intended to allow Majid to be blinded , " Ameneh Bahrami told CNN . " ... Each of us , individually , must try and treat others with respect and kindness in order to have a better society . " Bahrami stopped the punishment minutes before it was carried out , she said , adding that Movahedi already had been given anesthetic . She said two men were instrumental in bringing about her change of heart : a doctor at a clinic in Spain and Amir Sabouri , an Iranian who helped her get medical attention . Sabouri told her to forgive Movahedi and prove to the world that Iranians are kind and forgiving , she said . However , she said Movahedi is unrepentant and has been rude to her , even after she halted his punishment . . This week marks the beginning of the holy month of Ramadan in the Islamic world , and pardons and commuted sentences commonly occur as a show of compassion leading into the holiday . An Iranian court convicted Movahedi in 2008 of pouring a bucket of acid on Bahrami , after she had rejected his unwanted advances for two years . Bahrami had demanded at the time that the court sentence the man to suffer the same fate he had inflicted upon her , and the court agreed , citing provisions in Islamic law . The sentence was to be carried out in May 2011 , but a court postponed it after Amnesty International protested against it on the grounds of cruelty . Restitution in such cases is about $ 200,000 , Bahrami said , but the law dictates she should only receive half of that because she is a woman . She argued the issue with the judge , she said , and he told her to speak with lawmakers and convince them to change the law . She said Sunday she has asked for a meeting with lawmakers and expects to talk with them in the future . She said she intends to collect and use the money for her medical treatment . She said Movahedi does not have the money , and she has asked authorities to keep him in jail until he pays her . Bahrami says she first met Movahedi in 2002 when they attended the same school . She was a 24-year-old electronics student . He was 19 . She never noticed him until he sat next to her in class and brushed up against her . Bahrami says she knew it was n't an accident . "  I moved away from him , " she said , "  but he brushed up against me again . " Bahrami said that over the next two years , Movahedi harassed her and made threats , even asking her to marry him . "  He told me he would kill me . He said , ` You have to say yes . ' " On a November afternoon in 2004 , his threats turned to violence when he followed her from the medical engineering company where she worked . As she walked to the bus stop , she sensed someone behind her . She turned around and was startled to see Movahedi , who threw something over her . What felt like fire on her face was acid searing through her skin . "  I was just yelling , ` I 'm burning ! I 'm burning ! For God 's sake , somebody help me , ' " she said . The acid seeped into her eyes , and streamed down her face into her mouth . When she covered her face with her hands , streaks of acid ran down her fingers and onto her forearms . She said Sunday that she does not expect others to follow her example of forgiveness , but noted that if they do , "  it would prove that they are great human beings . " She has published a book in Germany , and said she is now trying to write a book in Persian about her ordeal and women in Iranian society . "  I will be personally responsible for naming names and will answer for it , " she said . In 2009 , Bahrami told CNN that she had undergone more than a dozen surgeries on her badly scarred face , but still imagined that in the future she would have a wedding day . "  I always see myself as someone who can see and sometimes see myself in a beautiful wedding gown , and why not ? " she said . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report	NEW : Ameneh Bahrami says she "  never intended " to have her attacker blinded NEW : She is fighting for the full amount she is owed as restitution A court convicted Majid Movahedi of the acid attack in 2008 Movahedi carried out the attack after the victim had rejected his advances for two years
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- Hours after federal civil rights investigators and the FBI opened an inquiry into the death of a teenager shot by a police officer in Ferguson , Missouri , violence flared again in the St. Louis suburb . Police Chief Thomas Jackson told CNN shots were fired Monday night in Ferguson , and police fired tear gas to disperse a crowd that had gathered in an area where looting occurred Sunday . "  Officers were brought in to quell the hostilities , " he said . "  Tear gas was deployed . " The Saturday-night shooting , which left 18-year-old Michael Brown dead , has fueled rising tensions in the town of 21,000 and sparked national debate . One side says the African-American teenager was surrendering , his hands in the air to show he was unarmed , when the officer opened fire . Authorities counter that Brown had attacked the officer in his car and tried to take his gun . After a vigil for the teen devolved into chaos Sunday when violence and looting broke out among some protesters , NAACP President Cornell William Brooks called Monday for people protesting Brown 's death to do so nonviolently . "  We have seen young people giving in to violence and frustration and rage . It may be inexcusable . It is not unexpected , " Brooks told reporters . "  But I say to my young brothers and sisters , note the young man whose rage is your heart , note that he was nonviolent . He never got into a fight . If you want to honor his memory , honor his memory by seeking justice nonviolently . " Witnesses to Brown 's shooting say he was unarmed and had his hands in the air when the police officer shot him . Authorities tell a different story . St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar says the officer tried to get out of his vehicle just before the shooting , but Brown pushed him back into his car . Brown "  physically assaulted " the officer , Belmar said , and the teen tried to get the officer 's weapon . Brown was shot about 35 feet from the vehicle , the chief said , declining to provide more details . The officer 's name has not been released by authorities . "  The genesis of this was a physical confrontation , " Belmar said , adding that his department has been called in to conduct an independent investigation . The Ferguson Police Department said its cars are not equipped with dashboard cameras . Shell casings collected at the scene were from the officer 's weapon , Belmar said . Monday , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said the shooting "  deserves a fulsome review " by federal investigators . "  At every step , we will work with the local investigators , who should be prepared to complete a thorough , fair investigation in their own right . I will continue to receive regular updates on this matter in the coming days , " Holder said in a statement . "  Aggressively pursuing investigations such as this is critical for preserving trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve . " Mother : ` No violence , just justice ' The lawyer representing Brown 's parents called Monday for a swift investigation . "  We want this investigation to be done fairly , and we make a demand to the Justice Department to come in and help restore trust and confidence in the process of equal justice . ... This family is very distrustful . This community is very distrustful , " attorney Benjamin Crump told reporters , calling for witnesses to come forward . Brown 's parents urged people to remain calm . "  No violence , just justice , " the teen 's mother , Lesley McSpadden , told reporters . McSpadden said her son recently graduated from high school and was supposed to start college Monday . "  We ca n't even celebrate , " she said . "  We 've got to plan a funeral . " Standing beside the teen 's family , Brooks said the NAACP is committed to determining what happened . "  We are committed to this family , committed to seeking justice , committed to being a presence , day-in and day-out , " he told reporters . Mayor calls for calm "  Obviously , the events of last night are not indicative of who we are , " Ferguson Mayor James Knowles said on CNN on Monday morning , adding that Sunday night 's chaos was "  not constructive " and was only "  bringing down the community . " St. Louis County Police said 32 people were arrested and shots were fired at police . Monday , St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch said charges had been filed against about 10 people in connection with burglaries of several businesses . "  What occurred last night , the mob action , we know certainly is not representative of what 's going on and what the people in the neighborhood necessarily think , " he said . Flanked by several from the community Sunday , McSpadden was McSpadden was emotional as she shouted into a television reporter 's microphone . "  You took my son away from me ! You know how hard it was for me to get him to stay in school and graduate ? You know how many black men graduate ? Not many ! " she said . "  Because you bring them down to this type of level where they feel they do n't got nothing to live for anyway !  They feel  they gon na try to take me out anyway ! " Others who gathered shouted at police . "  We will stay out here as long as you are ! " they screamed at officers . Many of the officers appeared stoic , watching young men kneel before them and raise their hands up to symbolize surrender , but one officer can be heard on video yelling back , calling protesters "  animals . " Some in Ferguson are demanding that the name of the officer who shot the teenager be released . Monday afternoon , Jackson -- the police chief -- said he plans to release the name in the next 24 hours . Authorities want to make sure the officer is in a safe location , he said . ` Lost control ' "  Last night , everything lost control , " Knowles said Monday . He was asked about the officer who called protesters "  animals . " "  The officers did their best . They 're only human , " Knowles responded , adding that not every police officer present was from the Ferguson department . Sunday 's gathering became more intense as some people broke windows at a store and began taking things from it . They threw rocks and bottles . Gunshots rang out . Antonio French , an alderman in St. Louis , said a QuikTrip gas station was looted and an ATM dragged out . "  This QuikTrip is where things started  Saturday  with this case , based on various accounts , " French said . The slain teenager and a friend were "  accused of stealing gum from the store or some sort of cigarettes , " the alderman said . "  People have a lot of anger and are frustrated , " French said . "  They do n't have recourse in the system , and it happens often in this country , and it has boiled over . I think people are angry and looking for a reason to let it out tonight . " Knowles said he wants to let the independent investigation into Brown 's death take its course . He plans to meet with Brown 's parents soon and will meet with clergy in Ferguson and African-American leadership in the town . Whatever the investigation 's findings , "  we will deal with that , " he said . Multiple gunshots An autopsy will determine how many times Brown was shot . The medical examiner for St. Louis County , Mary Case , said Monday afternoon the autopsy is complete , but she would not give details and said St. Louis County police will release the information . Toxicology results on Brown 's body are pending . On the number of times Brown might have been shot , Belmar has said , "  It was more than just a couple . " "  We do n't know what happened , and there are lots of conflicting stories , " Knowles said . "  Unfortunately , there will have to be some time taken to understand what happened . Hopefully , we will get to an understanding , and justice will be served . " The officer who shot Brown is on paid administrative leave during the investigation and will be available to talk to county homicide detectives . He has been with the force for six years and will be required to undergo two psychological evaluations before returning to duty , Belmar said . Crump , who also handled the case of Trayvon Martin in Florida , said Monday that Brown 's family is "  devastated " and does n't believe that the teenager got into a physical confrontation with police . Martin , 17 , was killed in 2012 by a Florida neighborhood watch organizer who was acquitted last year of murder charges . The high-profile case sparked a heated nationwide discussion of race as well as debate over Florida 's "  stand your ground " law . Monday , Crump said Brown 's shooting once again highlights "  the senseless death of a young boy of color at the hands of people who are supposed to protect and serve them . " "  Their son was doing all the right things , " Crump said . "  Graduating from high school , never been in trouble . And for this to happen , for him to be killed in broad daylight ... they want answers just like everybody else in the community . " Trayvon Martin case fast facts Opinion : How many unarmed people have to die ? CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Catherine E. Shoichet wrote in Atlanta , and George Howell reported from Missouri . CNN 's Devon Sayers , Shawn Nottingham , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Shimon Prokupecz , Julian Cummings , Jason Carroll , Dave Mattingly , Dave Alsup , Melanie Whitley , Joe Sutton , Faith Karimi , Mayra Cuevas , Shirley Henry , Julian Cummings and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Police chief : Shots were fired and "  tear gas was deployed " amid new violence Michael Brown was shot by police , sparking outrage in Ferguson , Missouri U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder says civil rights investigators have launched an inquiry NAACP president : "  Honor his memory by seeking justice nonviolently "
LONDON , England -- Two kisses on the cheek or three ? The age-old dilemma may become moot as worries of infectious disease hang in the air . A couple kisses at a swine flu virus prevention and detection medical mobile unit in Mexico City . Common forms of greeting , such as handshakes and kisses on the cheek , are coming under scrutiny as the H1N1 virus , commonly known as swine flu , steadily spreads around the world . In Mexico , which has had the largest outbreak of the virus , the Ministry of Health is advising people to avoid shaking hands and kissing people as a greeting . Some couples are donning surgical masks when they kiss to avoid contagion . Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent who has been covering the epidemic from Mexico , is advocating the "  el-bump , " or bumping of elbows , as a greeting . "  It 's not as cool as the fist bump , but safer , " he wrote on micro-blog site Twitter . Follow Dr. Gupta 's ` tweets ' Dr. Richard Dawood , medical director of the Fleet Street Travel Clinic in London , refers to the shift in etiquette as "  social distancing . " "  People do n't want to get too close . There is going to be a move towards less handshaking , less greeting people with a kiss . There may well end up being fewer meetings , " he told CNN . The World Health Organization is advising people to practice preventive measures like avoiding close contact with people who appear unwell and those who are coughing and have a fever . The global health agency is also directing people who live in areas where flu cases have surfaced to follow additional precautions set out by their national and local health authorities . Even countries where the virus has n't been confirmed are taking precautionary measures . At a news conference earlier this week , Lebanon 's health minister recommended that people stop using the conventional greeting of three kisses to the cheek . See where cases have been confirmed " "  We 're heading toward a world where everyone is going to be suddenly much more conscious of those who are coughing and sneezing , " Dawood said . People will have to be much more conscious of hygiene and stay out of close proximity with others when they are n't feeling well , he said . Are you changing your etiquette because of the swine flu epidemic ? Tell us in the SoundOff below The H1N1 virus is a hybrid of swine , avian and human flu strains . It is a respiratory disease that is contagious , and believed to be spread through coughing , sneezing and close contact . Learn more about the virus " Since the outbreak surfaced in Mexico , it has spread to at least 11 countries . The number of confirmed cases has reached 331 , with the hardest hit areas in the western hemisphere , the WHO said Friday . People tend to be scared of what they do n't understand , especially when it comes to disease , Dawood said . Watch Dr. Gupta report on a new scientific discovery about the virus " He worries about how people will react as tensions rise . People historically have resorted to socially ostracizing those who have suffered from diseases like typhoid and leprosy , he noted . The flu outbreak will pose another test . "  Hopefully we do n't see that again . We will have to control our urges in our relations to other people , " Dawood said .	Move towards ` social distancing ' as people worry about swine flu epidemic Mexico 's Health Ministry directing people to avoid handshakes and kissing WHO advises avoiding close contact with people who appear unwell Follow CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta on Twitter
Beijing  CNN  -- The Chinese economy continued its breakneck growth in 2010 , expanding by 10.3 % , according to government figures released Thursday . Last year China 's economic output eclipsed Japan to become the world 's second largest economy with just over $ 6 trillion , completing a decade long gallop that saw it jump the economies of France , the UK and Germany . China 's growth in 2009 was 9.2 % . The U.S. is the world 's largest economy with an estimated $ 14.6 trillion GDP for 2010 . Interactive : The world 's 10 largest economies The yearend figures come out as Chinese President Hu Jintao makes a high-profile visit to the U.S. , being feted at a state dinner by U.S. President Barack Obama -- the first such dinner for China in more than 13 years . The summit has also highlighted a range of issues between the world 's two largest economies , such as the global economic crisis , international security , the environment and human rights . Obama administration officials used the president 's meeting with Hu to highlight economic progress between the two countries , announcing Beijing 's approval of $ 45 billion in new contracts for U.S. companies to export goods to China . The contracts will support an estimated 235,000 American jobs , according to the White House . The Chinese economy grew 9.8 % in the last quarter of 2010 , according to China 's National Bureau of Statistics . Consumer prices grew 3.3 % year-on-year , ahead of China 's 3 % target . But more troubling for Beijing is the price of food rose 7.2 % . As the economy expands , inflation is a growing concern for China 's economic minders , said Professor Patrick Chovanec at Tsinghua University in Beijing . China has implemented price controls on food "  but whether that deal with the underlying inflationary pressure is an entirely different problem , " Chovanec said . "  Nothing China has done so far has really tackled that . " Two chief U.S. economic concerns are China 's currency , which critics say is widely undervalued , and increased access to U.S. businesses in the burgeoning China market . Obama dismissed a reporter 's question about U.S. fear of China 's rising power , saying that China 's explosive economic growth is good for the world and , more specifically , American businesses . We want to sell China "  all kinds of stuff , " he said . "  We welcome China 's rise , " Obama said . Washington just wants to ensure it "  reinforces international norms and international rules , and enhances security and peace as opposed to ... being a source of conflict . " While the meeting dealt with a range of topics , U.S. officials continued to focus intensely on the fact that the government-controlled People 's Bank of China is artificially undervaluing the yuan , bringing down the cost of Chinese exports , which would give it an advantage in the international market . CNN 's Helena Hong , Pauline Chiou and Kevin Voigt contributed to this report .	The Chinese economy grew 10.3 % in 2010 , according to government figures The size of the world 's second largest economy eclipsed $ 6 trillion Consumer prices grew 3.3 % year-on-year ; food prices grew 7.2 % Inflation is a growing concern for Beijing as the economy expands
Darrell Hammond will be the new Don Pardo . Hammond , the former "  Saturday Night Live " cast member , is returning to the show that made him famous in a new position -- that of announcer . He takes over from Don Pardo , who died in August . NBC announced Hammond 's hiring in a press release . Don Pardo , voice of ` Saturday Night Live , " dead at 96 Hammond spent 14 seasons on the late-night show in the 1990s and 2000s , the longest run of any "  SNL " cast member . He was best known for his impressions , including versions of Bill Clinton , Al Gore , Regis Philbin and Sean Connery . Since leaving the show in 2009 , Hammond has returned for several cameos . He 's also appeared on such TV shows as "  Damages " and movies such as "  Scary Movie 5 . " He published a memoir , "  God , If You 're Not Up There , I 'm F*cked , " in 2011 . The 40th season of "  Saturday Night Live " premieres on September 27 . Chris Pratt is scheduled to host . Bill Hader returns to host ` SNL ' next month See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	Darrell Hammond was longtime "  SNL " cast member Hammond is known for his impressions "  Saturday Night Live " returns Sept. 27 for 40th season
Washington  CNN  -- New questions were being asked Wednesday after a video surfaced showing what looks like the largest and most dangerous gathering of al Qaeda in years . Did U.S. intelligence officials even know the meeting was taking place ? "  I ca n't imagine that they knew about this meeting . After all , there have been seven drone attacks in Yemen this year . There was one on April 1 , so it 's not like the drone program is being suspended , " Peter Bergen , CNN national security analyst , told "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " "  It seems to me we do n't know for a fact if they did or did not know about this meeting , but common sense would suggest that they missed it , " he said . U.S. officials are n't commenting on that , but every frame of the video is now being analyzed as a potential piece of intelligence . Analysts are looking at a flashy white truck that appears , leading a convoy . They are even analyzing the fruit juice being served as a possible clue . In the middle of the clip , the man known as al Qaeda 's crown prince , Nasir al-Wuhayshi , appears brazenly out in the open , greeting followers in Yemen . Al-Wuhayshi is the No. 2 leader of al Qaeda globally and the head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . In a speech to the group , al-Wuhayshi makes it clear that he 's going after the United States , saying "  We must eliminate the cross . ... The bearer of the cross is America ! " The video started appearing on jihadist websites recently , drawing the attention of U.S. officials and global terrorism experts . U.S. officials say they believe it 's authentic . They believe the highly produced video is recent . With some fighters ' faces blurred , there is worry it signals a new round of plotting . Asked by Blitzer why al Qaeda would release such a video , Bergen speculated that the group did it for propaganda purposes . "  To show we 're here . We 're still in operation , " he said . "  This group is still potentially a pretty virulent threat , unfortunately . " Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , also known as AQAP , is considered the most dangerous al Qaeda affiliate . The CIA and the Pentagon have killed multiple AQAP leaders with drone strikes . But the group is now emboldened . Retired Gen. Mark Kimmitt said smaller al Qaeda affiliates are coalescing into a more organized base . "  Sooner or later , if they continue to get better , stronger and more organized , " he said , "  they will be a direct threat to the United States . " It 's unlikely the United States was n't aware of the meeting shown in the video , Kimmitt told "  CNN Tonight . " "  The question is n't why did n't we know , " he said . "  The question is : What are we going to do about it ? " CNN 's Dana Ford , Catherine E. Shoichet and Bill Weir contributed to this report .	A video shows what looks like the largest and most dangerous gathering of al Qaeda in years U.S. officials wo n't say whether they knew about the meeting CNN national security analyst : "  Common sense would suggest that they missed it "
CNN  -- Iran 's supreme leader said Friday the Islamic republic is n't seeking and does n't believe in pursuing nuclear bombs . Ayatollah Ali Khamenei made the remarks a day after a draft report from the U.N. nuclear watchdog said Iran may be working secretly to develop a nuclear warhead for a missile . "  Iran will not get emotional in its response to these nonsensical statements , because we have often said that our religious tenets and beliefs consider these kinds of weapons of mass destruction to be symbols of genocide and are , therefore , forbidden and considered to be haram  religiously banned  , " he said . "  This is why we do not believe in atomic bombs and weapons and do not seek them . " The ayatollah 's remarks reflect the tensions between the West and Iran over its nuclear program . The United States and its allies fear that Iran aims to develop the capacity to build a nuclear bomb . Iran denies this , saying its nuclear program is designed solely to produce civilian energy and for medical use . The document is the first draft report by the International Atomic Energy Agency director general , Yukiya Amano , who replaced Mohamed ElBaradei late last year . It has not been approved by its board of governors , but the agency has expressed concerns over the years about Iran 's nuclear activities . The draft report lists ways in which the Islamic state is allegedly defying U.N. orders about its nuclear program . It said Iran had begun enriching uranium to a level that can sustain a nuclear reaction before IAEA inspectors arrived to monitor the process , and in defiance of a request not to do so . In Washington , Assistant Secretary of State P.J. Crowley said on Thursday the draft report is the first produced by the IAEA since the recent discovery of a secret nuclear facility at Qom . "  There is no explanation for that facility that is consistent with the needs of a civilian nuclear program , " he said . "  And it characterizes the way in which Iran has conducted its ... relations with the IAEA and its failure to satisfactorily explain , you know , what its activities and ambitions are in the nuclear sphere . " Crowley called the conclusions of the draft report "  consistent " with arguments Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made this week in the Middle East . "  We have ongoing concerns about Iran 's activities , " Crowley told reporters . "  We can not explain why it refuses to come to the table and engage constructively to answer the questions that have been raised , and you have to draw some conclusions from that . " The draft report highlighted concerns about rising tensions in the Middle East , particularly between Iran and Israel . Israel has often been the object of rhetoric by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who has said the Jewish state "  must be wiped off the map " politically . The United States has assured Israel that its interests will be protected . Former IAEA weapons inspector David Albright told CNN Thursday that Iran 's behavior "  has to make you worry more about a -LSB- potential -RSB- conflict . " Iran appears to be "  pushing " for concessions from Western powers , he said . "  They 're pushing on things that make them look like they 're going for nuclear weapons , and that 's risky . If they go much further , they may bring an attack on themselves by Israel . Iran needs to be a little more careful about its actions . " Michael Levi , a nuclear proliferation analyst at the Council on Foreign Relations , told CNN that , "  in a sense , we should be pleased by this . ... Having such a clear statement from an international body can only help develop a robust international response . " On Tuesday , Ahmadinejad warned the United States and other nations not to impose tougher sanctions in reaction to Iran 's nuclear ambitions . He said recently that Iran will boost uranium enrichment to 20 percent . "  It 's high time for some people to open their eyes and adapt themselves to real changes that are under way , " he told reporters in Tehran . The draft report became public on the same day that U.S. Vice President Joe Biden gave a speech in Washington warning about the dangers of nuclear proliferation . "  The spread of nuclear weapons is the greatest threat facing the country -- and I would argue facing humanity -- and that is why we are working both to stop their proliferation and eventually to eliminate them , " Biden said in remarks at National Defense University .	Iran 's Supreme leader says "  why we do not believe in atomic bombs and weapons and do not seek them " IAEA draft report obtained Thursday says Iran may be working on nuclear warhead for a missile Iran defying U.N. orders about its nuclear program , IAEA draft report says Iran began boosting uranium enrichment before inspectors arrived , IAEA says
CNN  -- I met Whitney Houston after the debut of her first self-titled album on Arista Records . She was poised , graceful and strong . She was also sweet and laughed easily . This seems unremarkable today other than the fact that strong women were not exactly well-supported in those days in the music business . As in other professions when a female artist was successful , she was often accused of being demanding and diva-like even when all she sought was the same respect or artistic license that men of their stature received . So Whitney 's decency was noticed and her joy for singing was infectious . Her mother , Cissy Houston , hovered and I suspect had a lot to do with her staying grounded for as long as she did . Whitney 's voice soared . When she sang , our emotions rose and fell with her projection . Her articulation of lyrics combined with a smoothness in her timbre created one of the greatest musical voices of all time . As with many famous people , the celebrity she achieved came with public attention beyond imagination -- and some of it was n't always very kind . She was criticized after her first two albums for not being "  black enough . " Her ballads were attacked for lacking rhythm . Clive Davis , her mentor and executive producer , was accused of trying to keep her "  white . " It was all nonsense of course , but I am certain it was painful . I vividly recall sitting next to a star who once had fame approximating Whitney 's but whose revenues were clearly on the downswing , speaking loudly to the rest of her table about how awful and lucky Whitney was and how she did n't deserve her fame . Gene Seymour : Whitney Houston , special from the start The jealously and vitriol were significant . At the same time , the adulation of her fans around the world was huge . Expectations for her were very high . As an African-American global superstar , she made a real difference in so many important causes . She lent her stature to the anti-apartheid movement , to the response to the AIDS crisis and to the need for better educational opportunities for young black men and women . But no matter what she did , people always wanted more -- as we do of all stars . The public demand facing our celebrities is unrelenting . Of course , I do n't know what drove her to drugs in the beginning , but drowning out the intensity around her was surely one of the side effects she came to depend upon . And of course , then there is addiction . As experts know , no matter how much consciousness you develop about your drug habit and no matter how much you want to quit , the chemical attraction is incredibly powerful and beckons over and over again . When sobriety makes apparent the reality of a disappointing showing at the box office , a failed new single or a harsh critical review , the failure that most of us bear in private is splashed on every media page in the world for all to see . For some artists , their talent is a precious gift , and they honor it by loving and taking care of themselves . For others , it becomes a burden . My favorite Whitney song is "  The Greatest Love of All , " a rousing anthem to learning to love yourself . It breaks my heart that the woman who inspired so much pride with this song suffered so much from her own demons . Like Billie Holiday , Judy Garland , Elvis and others before her , that inner voice of doubt that we all feel sometimes just could never keep up with the public adulation . And so the only answer in the moment that makes sense is to drown out the external praise and dull the doubt with drugs and alcohol . By many accounts from those close to her , she understood the dangers even as she was too often powerless to change . And she raised a wonderful daughter despite her troubles . That says so much about her determination to beat her addiction . I wish that our intense media culture allowed more space for celebrating the positives about people while they are alive and struggling . Whitney Houston 's music legacy will be an inspiration to young artists for years to come . Without taking one thing away from her amazing talent and my total and complete admiration for her career , I hope her troubled life in the spotlight will also serve as the right warning as well . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hilary Rosen .	Hilary Rosen : Whitney Houston was strong , poised and immensely talented She says Whitney Houston came under pressure to satisfy critics , struggled with drugs Houston was an advocate for causes including the struggles against apartheid and AIDS Rosen : The media should celebrate the positives about people while they are still alive
CNN  -- Trooper William Finn , a spokesman with the Washington State Patrol , was tweeting Wednesday under the handle @wspd5pio about an accident on Vancouver 's Interstate 205 . A car was traveling northbound when it crossed the grass median into the southbound lane , striking a pickup truck , head on . At 2:11 p.m. PT , Finn tweeted , "  Vancouver - SB 205 @ Padden - Fatality collision . WB Padden to SB 205 is closed . Right lane SB 205 also closed in area . Use alt route ! " About 10 minutes earlier , Caran Johnson , a local scanner aficionado and a follower of Finn 's on Twitter , had learned about the accident . She turned to the micro-blogging site to post new details and to reach out to her community . "  this accident sounds horrible , " she wrote in a tweet posted at 2:01 p.m. PT under the handle @ScanCouver . Finn was at the accident scene gathering information . Before him lay the wreckage of a 2005 silver four-door Hyundai Elantra . Inside , the driver was dead . At 2:17 p.m. PT , Johnson posted , "  I 'm trying not to panic , but my husband left work early and he drives 205 to get home . he 's not answering his phone . " Desperate to contact her husband , or at least rule out the possibility that he was involved in the crash , Johnson reached out to Finn , like she had done many times before when trying to gather information about an accident . Opinion : The new pandemic -- road deaths "  I may tweet something and she may tweet back . One night we exchanged a recipe for a low carb pizza , " said Finn , who has never met Johnson . At 2:20 p.m. PT , Johnson sent a tweet to Finn , " @wspd5pio do you have descriptions of involved vehicles ? " " @ScanCouver sorry . Not yet. , " Finn replied . "  It was terrible , " the spokesman told CNN later . "  Immediately , I went into overdrive mode and I stopped tweeting the whole thing . I did n't want someone to find out over Twitter that their husband passed away . I did n't want her to find out that way . That is a hard thing to go through , " he said . Finn would normally tweet a photo of the crash scene . "  I did n't put a picture on Twitter just in case that was her husband , " he said . At 3:50 p.m. PT , Johnson 's tweet confirmed her fears . "  it 's him . he died , " she posted for the world to read . Johnson 's husband , Craig , was the only fatality in the accident . The cause of the crash is under investigation . A woman driving a second car involved in the incident was taken to a hospital with serious injuries , a broken femur and a collapsed lung . "  I feel terrible . I still feel terrible , " Finn said . "  Our hearts go out to the family . This person was a member of our community and we just lost him . " The sportswriter who blogged his death	Caran Johnson , a local scanner aficionado , posts about a fatal car crash on Interstate 205 She grows worried her husband may have been involved , writes to spokesman on scene "  It 's him . he died , " she posts on Twitter
CNN  -- This week 's death of Prince Charles ' brother-in-law , who passed away in New York City after injuring his head in a fall , was accidental , the city medical examiner 's office said Thursday . Mark Shand , brother of Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , died from "  blunt impact head trauma with a skull fracture and subdural hematoma , " according to Julie Bolcer , spokeswoman for the medical examiner . A subdural hematoma is a traumatic injury in which blood pools between two protective layers of the brain . Prince Charles ' official residence , Britain 's Clarence House , said Wednesday that Shand , 62 , died in a New York hospital after injuring his head in a fall on Tuesday night . "  The Duchess , The Prince of Wales and all her family members are utterly devastated by this sudden and tragic loss , " the Clarence House statement read . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge issued a statement that said the couple was saddened by the death . "  Their thoughts are with The Duchess of Cornwall and her family at this time , " the statement said . The Elephant Family , a conservation group based in England , mourned the loss of its chairman and the "  head of our family . " "  Mark Shand was a true force for conservation . He was both a legend and inspiration and above all our great friend , " the organization said in a statement on its website . CNN profiled the charity , which was working to improve conditions for Asian elephants , in 2007 . Shand said he was trying to show owners and riders more humane ways to treat the animals . "  You ca n't stop a tradition that 's been going on for years , you can only help it , " he said . His group also fought against poachers and the destruction of the elephants ' habitats . Shand also was the author of several books about elephants and his travels in Asia . One of those books , "  Queen of Elephants , " was the source for a BBC documentary . People we lost in 2014 CNN 's Yon Pomrenze , Shimon Prokupecz and Elizabeth Landers contributed to this story .	Medical examiner cites "  skull fracture and subdural hematoma " in Mark Shand 's death Shand , brother of Prince Charles ' wife , died Wedneday after falling and injuring his head Shand was the chairman of a foundation that tried to save Asian elephants
CNN  -- As the "  sextortion " plot involving David Letterman continues to unfold , chit-chat about sex and the workplace -- always a water-cooler favorite -- is getting extra play . Nicole Williams is the author of "  Girl on Top : Your Guide to Turning Dating Rules into Career Success . " That 's good news for Nicole Williams , a career expert and author of the in-stores-next-week "  Girl on Top : Your Guide to Turning Dating Rules into Career Success . " The media storm surrounding Letterman , she says , is bringing to the forefront an issue that 's as relevant and pervasive as ever . "  Eight million Americans every year enter into at least one romance starting from work , " she said , quoting a statistic from Vault.com , an online career site . This number does n't tell the whole story , she added , estimating that 50 percent of workplace dalliances go unreported -- though they 're likely fodder for whispers and speculations . "  The chemistry and energy of flirtation and sexuality , " whether people act on it or not , she said , "  is a driver in the workplace . " CNN spoke to Williams about this touchy dynamic , the rules that can make this reality less dangerous and the questions she has about what 's happened in the "  Late Show " offices . Here are excerpts from that interview : CNN : Why should we assume workplace romances and flings are happening as often as ever ? Have n't we moved away from that ? Williams : It is human nature . Sex is on men 's brains ; we know this . ... To think that -- during , in some cases , a 12-hour day -- this is n't going to come up in the workplace is naivet . CNN : If the goal of your new book is to help woman succeed professionally , should n't there be general rules when it comes to sex and the workplace ? Williams : At the end of the day , it is very dangerous to have sex with your boss . It just is . Your reputation can be hit in a way that 's unrecoverable . Trading sex for promotion is essentially prostitution . But it 's not sexual harassment unless a woman claims discrimination . ... The definition of flirting is making people feel good about themselves . We work such long hours and sometimes need to make it more fun . What 's appropriate for one person , though , may not be appropriate for someone else . CNN : When it goes beyond flirtation and someone gets burned , do n't women more often than men pay the price ? Williams : The majority of managers are still , by and large , men . The person in power wins . It 's hard to go up against a David Letterman . You can get demolished . Even if -LSB- a woman -RSB- was legitimately taken advantage of , there are those who say , "  Did she call it sexual harassment for money 's sake ? " Men are saying -LSB- vis-a-vis the Letterman issue -RSB- , "  So what ? " And women are saying , "  Did she really have a choice ? " CNN : Given what we know so far about the Letterman story , what is the biggest takeaway at this point ? Williams : There 's so much that 's left to be revealed . That no one 's complained -- he 's never had a complaint of sexual harassment -- is interesting . It either means we 're so much more evolved and no one cares or -LSB- women have n't had -RSB- the voice with which to complain . CNN : In cases where true love grows and ca n't be avoided in the workplace , how should a couple proceed ? Williams : Companies are trying to institute love policies and love contracts -- guidelines on how to act . But that requires that they -LSB- couples -RSB- come forward . People feel like it 's their business and not their boss ' business . I really do believe it is a responsible , mature thing to do to go to upper management . Go to the CEO , whomever you have a good relationship with , have the conversation . ... If you can , you find a way not to work directly with one another . You often have to make a tough choice . Does one of you have to leave ? ... You 're better off putting it out there . CNN : What other practical suggestions do you have for workplace couples ? Williams : You sit down and say , "  What are our rules ? No necking in the lunchroom . We 're not going to have fights publicly . " The answer is n't do n't -LSB- have the relationship -RSB- . Really , it is n't . It 's how to best manage it . CNN : Given the tough economy and possible backlash , is n't flirting with a co-worker even more dangerous ? Williams : -LSB- laughs -RSB- Yes , but I 've heard from women who are using that tactic to ensure they still have the job . Maybe I need to start flirting with my boss , so he 'll keep me around ?	Water-cooler topic , workplace romance , stirred up by "  sextortion " of David Letterman Author of new book says 8 million Americans a year hook up at work Calling it "  human nature , " she says to think it wo n't happen is "  naivet " Being honest , not working too closely and managing love on the job is key , she says
The road was melting . Extreme heat from thermal features at Yellowstone National Park , created by the active volcano below the park , caused oil to bubble on a road surface on July 9 and damage it . Park crews had to close and repair the 3.3-mile loop road that takes visitors past White Dome Geyser , Great Fountain Geyser and Firehole Lake . Blame it on the Yellowstone Volcano . Yellowstone National Park -- a UNESCO World Heritage Site -- sits atop one of the world 's largest volcanoes , and some of the thermal spots have damaged the popular Firehole Lake Drive . The park features over 10,000 thermal spots , about half the world 's known thermal spots . Yellowstone : One of the first UNESCO World Heritage Sites Although the volcano is active -- evidenced by the thermal features and 1,000 to 3,000 earthquakes annually -- park officials do n't expect a catastrophic eruption anytime in the next 1,000 or even 10,000 years . Yellowstone 's first supervolcanic eruption occurred 2.1 million years ago , and there were other Yellowstone supereruptions 1.3 million and 640,000 years ago . The park has instruments monitoring the volcano throughout the park , and there would be plenty of warning -- weeks or even months -- if an eruption were going to occur . In the meantime , enjoy the park ! Maintenance crews quickly repaired the road , and it was reopened to visitors Saturday . Summer in the park at Yellowstone	Yellowstone sits on top of one of the world 's largest volcanoes Extreme heat from the volcano 's thermal areas damaged the popular road No volcanic eruption is expected for 1,000 years or more
CNN  -- His GPS monitor has been cut off and George Zimmerman is free -- but only legally . Zimmerman fears for his life . He 's a reviled figure to millions , despite his acquittal Saturday night in Trayvon Martin 's killing . And he could still be held criminally liable for Martin 's death . George Zimmerman found not guilty ` They want revenge ' Zimmerman 's attorney describes him as a marked man . "  He has to be very cautious and protective of his safety because there is still a fringe element who have said ... that they will not listen to a verdict of not guilty , " said Mark O'Mara . Zimmerman , 29 , has kept his address under wraps for more than a year and worn a disguise whenever he left his four walls . He has often strapped on body armor , according to O'Mara . And he may feel the need to be armed . When asked by CNN 's Piers Morgan whether Zimmerman will keep the gun used in the killing , his brother , Robert Zimmerman Jr. , said , "  I do n't see any reason why he should n't . "  I think he has more reason now than ever to think that people are trying to kill him because they express they 're trying to kill him , all the time , every day , on my Twitter feed , on the Internet . " Catch up on the trial , verdict Robert Zimmerman gave more details Sunday on CNN 's "  New Day . " "  The threats are vile , they 're vicious , they 're disgusting . And sometimes they 're in person . People wearing shirts with my brother 's face on it in crosshairs , encouraging others to act out violently against him . I know that you ca n't take every one one of those seriously , but you ca n't afford to be wrong either . Because you can be dead wrong if somebody really were intent on harming you . " "  He 's going to have to learn to move about in a very low-profile way and keep to himself , " Robert Zimmerman said , although having the GPS removed and no trial to occupy his days helps end George Zimmerman 's feeling of being "  kind of caged in . " Zimmerman , married with no children , may leave Florida and choose to lead a life in the shadows -- like Casey Anthony , the Florida woman acquitted of killing her 2-year-old daughter in 2008 . Anger , sadness but little surprise Zimmerman could face more criminal charges With the state criminal case over , George Zimmerman could now face new criminal charges . The federal government could file a civil rights suit , accusing him of violating 17-year-old Martin 's civil rights . The NAACP has called on the Justice Department to file civil rights charges , and is asking the public to sign a petition . "  The most fundamental of civil rights -- the right to life -- was violated the night George Zimmerman stalked and then took the life of Trayvon Martin , " the group said . Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , acknowledged killing the unarmed teen , saying it was in self-defense . The Justice Department did not respond directly to the NAACP demand . It has a separate federal investigation going on . An official told CNN the department "  continues to evaluate the evidence generated during the federal investigation , as well as the evidence and testimony from the state trial . " Meanwhile , the Martin family could file a civil lawsuit against Zimmerman , seeking damages . The suit would claim wrongful death -- which is easier to prove than murder or manslaughter . And the Rev. Al Sharpton said the acquittal was "  only the first round in the pursuit of justice . " NAACP President Ben Jealous expects legal action will proceed on both fronts . "  There will be a civil phase almost assuredly , and then there will be a federal civil rights phase , " he told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . "  And we are putting our faith in that system . " Robert Zimmerman rejected Jealous ' call for charges against his brother . Authorities have interviewed "  about three dozen of his closest friends and acquaintances . And there is not any inkling of racism , "  he said . "  In fact , there 's evidence to show the opposite . I would encourage them to cool their jets , give everyone some time to kind of process what 's going on . "  Agitation does n't help us . It does n't do anybody any good right now . " Sports stars sound off on verdict 'Em otional and psychological hurdles ' Those who defend Zimmerman say he will struggle for the rest of his life over what happened , despite his contention that it was in self-defense . "  In his religious beliefs , death by any definition is a tragedy , " Robert Zimmerman told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  So he has moral things that he 's going to have to deal with , and emotional and psychological hurdles he 's going to have to overcome . " Those who believe he should be in jail for murder are quick to point out that Martin lost his life , and say there should be no tears shed for any struggles Zimmerman may face . A young man 's post on Facebook about Zimmerman 's future quickly went viral Sunday . "  For the rest of your life you are now going to feel what its like to be a black man in America , " Alex Fraser wrote . "  You will feel people stare at you . Judging you for what you think are unfair reasons . You will lose out on getting jobs for something you feel is outside of your control . You will believe yourself to be an upstanding citizen and wonder why people choose to not see that . ... "  I bet you never thought that by shooting a black male you 'd end up inheriting all of his struggles . " Fraser added , "  Enjoy your ` freedom . ' " Zimmerman could still be held responsible for Martin 's death Support for Zimmerman Zimmerman 's supporters have sent letters and e-mails to his lawyers , offering moral support and saying they sympathized with a man so concerned about neighborhood break-ins that he bought a gun and dog , and donned the mantle of neighborhood watchman . The letters often blame the media for his woes and offer encouragement for the road ahead . After the verdict , O'Mara too assailed news outlets for their coverage . "  He was like a patient in an operating table where mad scientists were committing experiments on him and he had no anesthesia , " he said . Many supporters sent in money to a website he established to help with his mounting legal bills . But one crisis public relations manager said Zimmerman must tread lightly when accepting further public money . "  He 's got to be careful about who he associates with afterward , even if they are offering financial support , " said Gene Grabowski . Despite what may lie ahead , on Saturday night , as his legal team surrounded him and congratulated each other with handshakes and hugs , George Zimmerman seemed to take a moment to soak in the relief -- aware that a long road lies ahead . Analysis : The race factor CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Facebook post says Zimmerman will "  feel what it 's like to be a black man " Some threats are in person , Zimmerman 's brother tells CNN George Zimmerman could face federal criminal charges in Trayvon Martin 's death Zimmerman has worn disguises and a bullet-proof vest
CNNGo  -- As the mercury continues to drop in other parts of the world , here 's a list of places in Asia with the most sweltering winters . Bangkok , Thailand January average maximum : 90 degrees Fahrenheit The mercury may stay at stubborn highs in Bangkok in January , but if locals say it 's winter , we 're not going to burst their bubble . To truly immerse in the Bangkok winter spirit , hit the beer gardens , dine alfresco and go on weekend camping trips . Here 's our pick of 3 Bangkok beer gardens worth leaving the pubs for . CNNGo : Bangkok 's Best Eats 2010 Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia January average maximum : 90 degrees Fahrenheit Kuala Lumpur 's best winter weather usually falls in January , with the rainy season out of the way and toasty sunshine for most days . Many locals take to the streets during Thaipusam , a Hindu holiday of penance and thanksgiving that falls on January 30 . The street processions in Kuala Lumpur , led by a jeweled chariot , are quite a sight ; as are the worshipping masses at the Batu Caves near the capital . Alternatively , join the bargain-hunting masses at the city-wide End of Year Sale which ends on January 2 . Manila , Philippines January average maximum : 86 degrees Fahrenheit Monsoon-free , with average temperatures not dropping below 70 degrees , January is a great time to visit Manila . Most major towns and cities in the Philippines hold street processions for Santo Nino , the Child Jesus , throughout January . In Tondo , Manila , young Ati-Atihan performers will traditionally dance on the streets and the city will host a string of masses held for the patron saint . Singapore January average maximum : 86 degrees Fahrenheit Visitors to Singapore in January will find it hard not to run into one arts event or another . M1 Singapore Fringe runs from January 5 to 16 with free and ticketed performance art showcases on the lineup . Art Stage Singapore , which is held from January 12 to 16 at the Marina Bay Sands , is an inaugural art fair featuring exhibitions by over 90 galleries around the globe . CNNGo : Singapore Best Eats 2010 Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam Average January maximum : 90 degrees Fahrenheit Ho Chi Minh has tropical climes all year round , but those who want to duck the typhoons and rainstorms might want to visit in December and January , the start of the region 's dry season . The French colonial architecture along Saigon 's four main boulevards Dong Khoi , Nguyen Hue , Le Loi and Le Duan will be lit up in celebration for Tet festival  or Lunar New Year  starting January 26 . The Nguyen Hue Flower Street on Nguyen Hue Boulevard will open for a week from January 31 onwards . CNNGo : Indochina 's top must-see destinations Goa , India Average January maximum : 90 degrees Fahrenheit January is smack in the middle of Goa 's peak season so if you 're planning to visit , it pays to book a room well in advance . But visiting Goa when everyone else does has its advantages . The skies are mostly clear and the waters are placid from November to March , making it a prime time to hit the beaches and get your fill of water sports . CNNGo : Gone to Goa Phnom Penh , Cambodia Average January maximum : 88 degrees Fahrenheit January is one of Phnom Penh 's more pleasant months , characterized by less humidity and light breezes . Those who have done Phnom Penh 's pagodas , markets and museums might want to check online listings sites like Ladypenh.com to see where best to experience the city 's famed nightlife . Colombo , Sri Lanka Average January maximum : 86 degrees Fahrenheit The capital of Sri Lanka has balmy climes all year round , making it an ideal quick winter getaway . The Galle Face Green Promenade , which runs adjacent to the Indian Ocean , offers an unforgettable sunset-watching experience , while the Pettah Market is a bazaar to satisfy all kinds of shopping impulses . For all its attractions , however , visiting Colombo is not for the faint hearted . Although fighting between the Sri Lankan military and the LTTE  or "  Tamil Tigers "  ceased in May 2009 , the country remains under the threat of political violence and terrorism . Travelers should check for current government warnings before going .  2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	To truly immerse in the 90-degree Bangkok winter , hit the beer gardens and dine alfresco Kuala Lumpur 's best weather usually falls after the rainy season in January January is in the middle of Goa 's peak vacation season , so book a room well in advance
CNN  -- Private-aircraft manufacturers are increasingly targeting Africa 's growing economies as the resource-rich continent is quietly emerging as an important hub in global business aviation . In a continent where commercial routes are often limited , a growing number of smaller , privately owned planes are now taking to the skies , creating new connections in and out of Africa . Driven mainly by entrepreneurs and wealthy individuals involved in the natural resources , banking and telecoms sectors , the continent 's burgeoning market is expected to grow significantly in the coming years . "  Africa is an emerging market where we see a positive future , " says Robert Habjanic , sales director at plane manufacturer Bombardier Business Aircraft . "  Over the next 20 years , we do forecast 810 business jets to be sold into Africa . " The sector was given a big lift in May with the creation of the African Business Aviation Association  AfBAA  , the continent 's first initiative bringing together aircraft operators and other industry players to support their interests and promote the benefits of business aviation . AfBAA founder and chairman Tarek Ragheb says that Africa requires a well-developed business aviation industry to support the continent 's flourishing economies and realize its business potential . He describes Africa as "  China in our backyard , " a continent with tremendous amounts of resources that is , however , being hampered by steep infrastructure challenges . "  If you have a requirement for an NGO or an entrepreneur or a government agency to be able to conduct its business , the options of using rail or a good highway are simply not there , " says Ragheb . "  So for the growth of the continent there must be an ultra-efficient means of travel and that is where business aviation could come in . " Read related : Low-cost airline in Africa by easyJet founder For Ragheb , improving intra-African connections is key to the development of the continent . "  Flying out of Africa is not difficult , " he explains . "  You can go from Lagos to London , you can go from Kinshasa to Belgium , that 's not a problem -- the challenge is intra-Africa flights . And you find that for African growth you 're going to need intra-Africa flights and this is where the focus -LSB- of AfBAA -RSB- is going to be . " Business aviation expert Alan Peaford says that only 20 % of flights in the continent are with African airlines , the remaining 80 % being with international carriers . "  What this means is that if you have a cement factory in three or four countries , you may have to travel from country A to country B via Paris , London or Dubai rather than direct , " says Peaford , editor-in-chief of Arabian Aerospace magazine and online news service . "  Hence , as greater investment from China , Saudi etc. leads to more industrial development , owners , investors and managers need to be agile and not waste days on what should be a three-hour flight , " he adds . "  So business jet usage is growing . " Read related : Bringing the Dreamliner to Africa Although exact figures about corporate aircraft in Africa are notoriously difficult to find , the AfBAA puts the number of business jets in the continent between 400 and 600 . These planes are typically owned by high net-worth individuals , wealthy investors , as well as governments and corporations . And not surprisingly , the biggest growth is recorded in countries where there is an abundance of natural resources . "  Africa 's rich in gas , minerals , oil , gold , platinum , you name it , " says Ettore Poggi , managing director of South Africa for ExecuJet Aviation Group , which offers services including corporate aircraft charter , mangement and maintenance . "  We 're finding a lot of interest from overseas companies , focusing their attentions on the resources of Africa . Clearly , that bodes well for us because it means we have to take those people to these places in Africa . " While South Africa remains the traditional dominant player in the market , other countries have also started to make significant strides . In Nigeria , the continent 's biggest oil producer , the business aviation market is growing at a rapid pace , industry insiders say . "  In the last 18 months we 've grown by over 200 % in terms of travel , " says Segun Demuren , chief executive and founder of Evergreen Apple Nigeria , a fixed-based operator offering various services for private-aircraft users . Demuren says that Evergreen , which began operations in July 2011 , is doing "  75 to 80 movements -LSB- flights -RSB- a week " and is targeting a 50 % growth for next year . "  I 'm very sure we 'll meet that instantly , " he says . Read related : Africa 's daily commuting grind Although the conditions for the market 's expansion are certainly there , there are still infrastructure , policy and logistical challenges that the industry needs to navigate if it is to meet its full potential . In many cases , entrance , exit and over-fly legislation varies from country to country , leading to significant delays . Other issues include landing permits and airport fees as well as maintenance support and pilot training and licensing . Ragheb says that a common set of standards needs to be adopted throughout the continent "  so that you have the ability to fly into Africa with a sense of security , that you know that safety and the procedures are all in place . " But first of all , he says , needs to come a true "  understanding and acceptance " that business aviation can be a valuable asset for Africa 's growth . "  It 's a real business tool , " he says . "  When you bring business aviation and you let it flourish in your country , you 're going to attract those investors that are going to equal money and development and projects . " Analysts say that a thriving business aviation industry can only be good news for commercial air travel as well . The arrival of the industry in a country is a good indicator of its growth potential , Peaford says , acting as a strong incentive for commercial airlines to step in and establish new routes . "  Watch where the business aviation is going , " he says . "  You can see the countries where business aircraft are going to and often you 're going to see the commercial airlines going there , about a year , 18 months later . "  It 's always ` watch the business jets ' first , that 's where you follow the money . "	Africa 's business aviation market is expected to grow significantly There are between 400 and 600 business jets in Africa , say experts Growth is driven by strong demand in the natural resources sector A new industry body calls for common standards throughout the continent
CNN  -- Legend has it the first machine dispensed holy water in exchange for a coin in ancient Egypt . Tobacco vending machines have been around since the 1600s . Then came soft drinks , chocolate bars , bubble gum and condoms . Now , vending machines can be used for anything small enough to be lifted out of a tray , it seems . Japan has embraced the concept wholeheartedly , selling eggs , bras , live lobsters , salad , cold and hot coffee , ties and , reportedly , even used underwear from machines . Other countries are catching on . 1 . Cupcakes  New York In the land where "  small cakes baked in cups " were first mentioned in a recipe book in the 1700s , it 's not surprising the hand-held cake has gone 24/7 . Stocked with up to 750 cupcakes baked daily in the adjoining Sprinkles bakery , this sugar-pink vending machine sells cupcakes around the clock . For $ 4.25 you get to choose from cinnamon chocolate , black and white and seasonal specialties such as Irish chocolate and maple bacon . There 's even a doggie cupcake for your pooch , giving you an excuse to stop by when on "  walkies . " Sprinkles opened its first "  cupcake ATM " in California in 2012 and has also installed the machines in Atlanta , Chicago and Dallas . Where to find it : 780 Lexington Ave. , New York 2 . Gold bars  Dubai , UAE You might not often need to buy a gold bar in the middle of the night , but in the United Arab Emirates , the tradition of gifting gold on holidays , festivals and special occasions is still going strong . At the Gold ATM you can purchase anything from a 2.5-gram , 24-karat gold coin to a rather more substantial 31-gram  one ounce  gold bar . You even have a choice of designs : a locally significant Burj Khalifa design or a kangaroo or Canadian maple leaf . The price stays up to date via the Internet , it 's refreshed every 60 seconds . Where to find it : Lower Ground Floor , next to entrance to Burj Khalifa Observation Deck At The Top , Dubai Mall , Down Town , Dubai , UAE 3 . Flip-flops  Sydney Flip-flops , or thongs as they 're locally known , are part of the uniform in this country of sunshine , surfer dudes and an all-embracing relaxed attitude . If you 've arrived unprepared , the Havaianas flip-flop vending machine in Sydney 's city center could be your sole salvation . You 're at the mercy of the machine for sizes and styles , but for $ 20 you 're good to kick off your city shoes and hop to the beach . Where to find it : Ground level , The Galleries , 500 George St. , Sydney , NSW , Australia 4 . Umbrellas  Vancouver , British Columbia You know that you 've landed somewhere with inclement weather when there 's an umbrella vending machine at the airport . One of the wettest cities in Canada with an average of 57 inches of rain per year , Vancouver prides itself in its mild climate , but gives you the option to be prepared . For $ 5 you get a pocket-sized umbrella and ... well that 's it . Where to find it : Level 1 , domestic arrivals just before the exit to public transportation , Vancouver Airport , Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada 5 . Bicycle helmets  Melbourne , Australia People clad in Lycra populate Aussie roads , but they stay safe -- it 's illegal in Australia to ride a bike without a helmet . If you 've just arrived and want to cycle around the sights , you can pop into one of the many 7-Elevens in town to get a brain bucket . If you 're alighting at Southern Cross Station in the heart of Melbourne , however , you can get one out of a machine . Three sizes , one design , $ 5 , and you have a stylish blue helmet that 's safe and legal . Where to find it : Southern Cross Station , near the rental bike stand on Spencer Street , Melbourne , Victoria , Australia 6 . Caviar  Los Angeles Caviar and vending machines ? Beverly Hills , stronghold of the obscenely well-to-do , is home to not one but three caviar vending machines . Called Caviar Automated Boutiques , these upscale vendors offer more than a dozen types of caviar from all over the world , packed in shiny containers offering anything from a tasty morsel at 25 grams  around $ 25  to party boxes of 400 grams  $ 999.95  . Where to find it : Westfield Topanga , Level 2 , 6600 Topanga Canyon Blvd. , Canoga Park , California 7 . Books  Canada It 's a universally acknowledged truth that those in possession of too many unread books continue to buy new ones . Green Reads offers a solution : a book vending machine that allows you to get a good secondhand book for $ 2 , as well as giving you the opportunity to donate a book for the next reader . The machines are located in commuter-dense areas such as train stations , hospitals and airports . A portion of proceeds earned by the machines are donated to female literacy and numeracy programs in Africa . Where to find it : The prototype is at Barrie Transit Downtown terminal , 24 Maple Ave. , Barrie , Ontario 8 . Burritos  Los Angeles Students ' diets are notoriously bad , so what better place than the University of Southern California campus for the first-ever burrito vending machine ? For $ 3.75 you can get a hot , steaming burrito . So that busy students do n't get too bored while being idle for the 90 seconds it takes to dispense , they can watch a music video while the robotic machine puts their food together . Where to find it ? Parkside Apartments , 3730 McClintock Ave. , USC , Los Angeles Ulrike Lemmin-Woolfrey is a freelance writer based in Melbourne , Australia . She 's the author of "  Living Abroad in Australia " by Moon Travel Guides .	In Japan you can buy beer , eggs , bras , live lobsters , salad and neckties from vending machines The cupcake ATM has hit New York Gold and flip-flops are two more things you can buy from the vending machines on our list
CNN  -- The social media universe has been aghast this week after the revelation that Prince Alwaleed bin Talal of Saudi Arabia has invested $ 300 million in Twitter . The shock and awe seems to center around the notion that Twitter has been at least partly responsible for the Arab Spring uprisings that directly threaten the Saudi royal family 's grip on power . On the surface , anyway , this seems like a contradiction . Why would the king 's nephew be investing in the medium of his family 's enemy ? Will he attempt to influence the development of the network or try to make it more susceptible to censorship in a regime-threatening emergency ? And what of Twitter ? Will the participation of a major investor widely considered to be the beneficiary of one of the world 's most exploitative dynasties tarnish the company 's otherwise net-friendly brand image ? Why would Twitter accept such an investor , and why would he court them in the first place ? The answer , most simply , is for the money . Prince Alwaleed bin Talal is no doubt aware of Twitter and Facebook 's tremendous influence in his own and neighboring countries , and may even be personally concerned about what a revolution might do to his own and his family 's sovereign rule . But why should that stop him from positioning himself to become the wealthiest deposed royal he can be ? It 's a win-win . For its part , Twitter , which is n't even a public company , is not actually selling shares to a Saudi Arabian prince . It 's Twitter 's early investors who are selling $ 300 million of their own shares to the Prince 's investing group , "  Kingdom Holding Company . " Of course , Twitter benefited by selling those shares initially , and now benefits indirectly as the resale of these shares puts the company 's total valuation up to $ 8.4 billion . The dismay and disillusionment associated with this transaction seems overblown to me , or at least misplaced . In short , we are looking at the wrong medium . We are not witnessing Twitter operate against its central , democratizing premise . We are witnessing money operate in perfect accordance with its own , highly abstracting premise . Money , by its very nature , launders . This is exactly what money and the corporation were invented 700 years ago to do : provide kings and other members of the aristocracy with a way to invest at arm 's length in projects they may or may not want to be associated with . The corporation gives people a way to invest passively in companies whose operations they might not want to know about , much less be known for . Likewise , generic , central currencies give people who have done Lord-knows-what the very same access to markets as those who have earned their money through sweat or innovation . Once it 's money , it is as clean as anyone else 's money . Similarly , once you sell your business to shareholders , they can do what they like with the shares . That 's what is meant by shareholding . In the simplest language possible , when you sell your business , you have sold your business .  Maybe that 's why so many top people have been leaving Twitter lately . Their shares have vested and they are less restricted about what they can do with them once they quit . This is the beauty and horror of investment capital . Just as a Saudi prince can invest in our revolution-inspiring Internet darlings , each of us is free to invest our own retirement savings in the likes of cigarette and liquor companies , weapons manufacturers , polluters , outsourcers and sweatshop exploiters . We can put our kids through college by investing in the very oil companies through which the Saudi royals made their money in the first place . Then , hopefully , our kids can go on to become peace workers , revolutionaries or even Twitter employees . Or not . If we 're truly concerned about the long arm of international investing , we might best reconsider how we invest ourselves . Instead of relying on the anonymity of outsourced investing to the stock market , why not look around for who or what needs money in our towns and communities ? The Obama administration is already in the process of curtailing the regulations that prevent nonmillionaire investors from putting money into one anothers ' businesses . This means we can begin to depend on local money to start-up our own ventures , and on local ventures to build our own savings . And at that point , if we do n't feel like having a Saudi Arabian prince participate , we can just say no . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal invests $ 300 million in Twitter shares Douglas Rushkoff : Investment will not inhibit Twitter 's democratizing influence He says the prince is doing what investors do everywhere : buying shares to make money Rushkoff : Corporations allow investors to put money in without exercising control
CNN  -- As Japan 's fifth prime minister in four years , Naoto Kan hopes the revolving door of Japanese politics will remain closed long enough for him to reinvigorate the country . "  The Japanese economy has remained stagnant and suicides have remained 30,000 or so per annum for many years now . So , Japan as a country has lost its vigor , it feels very much closed in for various reasons , " he told CNN in his first interview with a non-Japanese broadcaster . Kan indicated five areas that he and his government have been addressing to help open up the country since he succeeded former Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama in June . "  The first is that we need to grow the economy , the second is to strive for fiscal consolidation and the third is to reform our social security system , and the fourth is to achieve what I call regional sovereignty to change the shape of this country and the fifth is for the Japanese people to actively , with ownership , engage in diplomacy . "  Ten years down the road I believe that Japan will emerge stronger and more vigorous economically , socially and otherwise . " Considered a man of the people , Kan came to prominence in the 1990s when he exposed a government cover-up of HIV-infected blood distributed to hemophiliacs . He stepped down as leader of the Democratic Party of Japan six years ago after being embroiled in a pensions scandal , but his political revival was complete this summer when he succeeded Hatoyama as Prime Minister . Since he arrived in office , Kan has had to deal with a number of issues , among them the recent clash with China over the territorial claims of islands in the East China Sea . "  I believe in any country , matters that relate to its territory would , of course , provoke strong sentiments amongst the people of that country . But I trust that five years , ten years down the road , when people look back at how we dealt with that , people then will appreciate that my cabinet dealt with the issue in a calm manner , " he said . " -LSB- A -RSB- s far as Japan is concerned , there is no territorial issue connected to the Senkaku Islands . In fact , the Senkaku Islands are ... inherent territory of Japan that is recognized in our history and also by international law . " The islands are known as the Diaoyu Islands in China . "  China has become a major presence for most countries around the world but notably for its neighboring countries in Asia . So I think it is a common position for Japan and its Asian neighbors that we certainly would strive to maintain as much as possible friendly relations with China . But at the same time seek China to behave in accordance with international rules . " Kan 's predecessor resigned after failing to hold an election pledge to move an unpopular U.S. military base away from its current location on the island of Okinawa . While Kan told CNN that plans have been agreed to move the based , he reiterated the strength of the Japanese-U.S. relationship . "  I believe the Japan-U.S. relationship is in very good shape today . I have met President Barack Obama twice and in both of these meetings we have agreed that we should further deepen and advance the Japan-U.S. alliance and more specifically we have agreed that we should further deepen our relations on three pillars , that is security , our economy , and cultural , and people-to-people exchanges , " he said . A strong yen , cause for concern for many Japanese companies and workers , was in part blamed by Kan on the state of the U.S. economy . "  I believe one of the basic causes for that situation is the fact that the U.S. economy , whilst undergoing some changes , if anything , is being steered toward a weaker dollar , " he said . "  If you want to change this strong yen situation we need to do three things . First of all , we need to invest more overseas ... The second thing we need to do is to increase domestic demand ... -LSB- and -RSB- as agreed at the G20 summit , should there be excessive fluctuations in exchange markets , then we need to take resolute actions . " One of the most questioning voices of Kan so far has been his wife , who wrote a book entitled , "  What on Earth Will Change Now That You Are Prime Minister ? " The couple have a playfully adversarial relationship -- when they fight "  she always wins , " Kan said . "  What she tells me all the time is that she is a primary voter , meaning that when I talk to our voters about my ideas , she says if she does not get convinced with what I say , no voters would buy my argument . She tells me to try to convince her first with my argument . For me , she is the most challenging voter . "	Naoto Kan became Prime Minister of Japan in June 2010 Kan says that Senkaku Islands are ` inherent territory of Japan ' Strong yen is because U.S. economy is steered towards weak dollar , he says
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic shrugged off an injury problem to turn out for Davis Cup holders Serbia in the doubles rubber against Sweden , but it proved in vain as the Wimbledon champion and Nenad Zimonjic slipped to defeat Saturday . Djokovic pulled out of Friday 's second singles match in Halmstadt with a knee problem , but he was not missed as his replacement Janko Tipsarevic gave Serbia a 2-0 lead . But the new world number one , who has lost just one singles match all year , was found wanting in doubles as he and Zimonjic went down 6-4 7-6 7-5 in two hours 24 minutes to unheralded home pair Simon Aspelin and Robert Lindstedt . "  I expected myself to adjust a little bit better in the rhythm of the return -- one of my main weapons was n't working well as I was missing a lot of returns but that 's because of their serves as well , which were great , and they were playing really well at the net , " Djokovic told the official Davis Cup website . But he added : "  We are coming into the third day 2-1 up which is the most important thing and tomorrow we will try to end this tie . " Djokovic , winner of the Australian Open and Wimbledon this year , is scheduled to face Michael Ryderstedt in the first of the reverse singles as Serbia bid to wrap up the quarterfinal tie . Blog : Djokovic was deserved Wimbledon winner Sweden are missing the services of world number five Robin Soderling as both teams bid to play Argentina in the semifinals . Argentina have seen off Kazakhstan 5-0 in Buenos Aires in a match started a day earlier than the other three rubbers . Earlier Saturday , France became the second team through to the semifinals of the sport 's most prestigious team competition as they forged an unassailable 3-0 lead over Germany in Stuttgart . Michael Llodra and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga saw off Philipp Petzschner and Christopher Kas in straight sets , 7-6 6-4 6-4 to complete a comprehensive victory . Richard Gasquet and Gael Monfils had put France in charge Friday with hard-fought singles victories over Florian Mayer and Philipp Kohlschreiber . The French , beaten by Serbia in last year 's final , look set to face Spain , who lead the United States 2-0 in Texas , in the last four . Feliciano Lopez stunned the hosts by beating Mardy Fish 8-6 in the fifth and final set Friday night before David Ferrer added to home misery by dispatching Andy Roddick in straight sets .	Novak Djokovic and Nenad Zimonjic lose Davis Cup doubles rubber to Sweden Simon Aspelin and Robert Lindstedt win in straight sets but holders Serbia lead 2-1 France wrap up victory over Germany in Stuttgart to reach last four Spain lead the United States 2-0 in Texas after winning both singles rubbers
InStyle.com  -- It 's been a big summer for wedded bliss : In the last few months , everyone from Penelope Cruz to Carrie Underwood to Emily Blunt has tied the knot . And , try as Chelsea Clinton might to keep the particulars under wraps , details of her upcoming nuptials have been slowly but surely leaking out . We 're eagerly awaiting pictures of the former first daughter 's gown -- rumor has it , she 's wearing Vera Wang or Oscar de la Renta -- but in the meantime , we 've decided to take a look back at the ten most iconic wedding dresses ever . Jacqueline Bouvier The future first lady  and fashion icon  wore a voluminous ivory silk taffeta gown by the designer Ann Lowe when she married John F. Kennedy in 1953 . A portrait neckline and wide , embellished skirt emphasized Jackie 's small waist , and an heirloom lace veil , which originally belonged to her grandmother , completed the super-romantic ensemble . See all 21 best dressed celebrity brides Gwen Stefani Christian Dior designer John Galliano created this dip-dyed silk faille gown specifically for the singer 's 2002 marriage to rocker Gavin Rossdale , and it 's a triumph of personal style -- equal parts girlie and punk , just like the pop star herself . Grace Kelly In 1956 , she played a princess onscreen in "  The Swan " and then assumed the role in real life : The pearl-studded , long-sleeved gown she wore to marry Monaco 's Prince Rainier was a parting gift from Grace Kelly 's former studio , MGM . Conceived by costume designer Helen Rose -- and constructed by three dozen seamstresses over six weeks -- the elaborate silk faille , silk tulle , and rose point lace confection was pure Hollywood fantasy . InStyle.com : See celebrity-inspired engagement rings Portia DeRossi Both of the brides wore Zac Posen at their 2008 ceremony : Ellen DeGeneres opted for a tailored ensemble consisting of white pants , a dress shirt , and a white vest , while DeRossi chose a dramatic  and beautiful  backless gown with a ballerina-inspired pale pink tulle skirt . Lady Diana Spencer Yes , her puff-sleeved , ruffled , silk taffeta gown -- decorated with lace , embroidery , sequins , and around 10,000 tiny pearls -- was n't exactly understated . But then neither was anything else about Diana 's royal wedding to Prince Charles in 1981 . InStyle.com : Stars ' most memorable dresses Marilyn Monroe They seemed , to some , like a match made in heaven : the big-screen siren and the baseball star . While Monroe 's marriage to Joe DiMaggio did n't even last a year , the fur-collared brown wool suit she wore to their 1954 ceremony at San Francisco 's City Hall was utterly timeless . Elizabeth Taylor Taylor 's Cleopatra co-star Richard Burton was her fifth husband .  And her sixth -- they remarried less than two years after their first divorce .  So it makes sense that , in 1964 , she decided against a traditional white dress . Instead , Taylor opted for a round-necked daffodil yellow chiffon mini topped with a headdress made of white hyacinths and lilies of the valley .  She wore green to their do-over in 1976 . InStyle.com : More celebrity couples who 've tied the knot twice Ivanka Trump Donald 's daughter was reportedly inspired by Grace Kelly 's classic gown : She converted to Judaism in order to marry Jared Kushner in 2009 , and required a slightly more covered-up style . Vera Wang was happy to oblige . "  I seized on the chance to do a dress that was n't naked , " the designer said at the time . Mia Farrow At 21 , she personified the adjective gamine : Her close-cropped hair perfectly complemented her delicate features . And the ensemble she wore to wed Frank Sinatra in 1966 -- a pale minidress paired with a short , boxy matching jacket -- likewise balanced sweet with chic . InStyle.com : Exclusive photos from more celebrity weddings Katie Holmes Holmes once confessed that she fantasized about marrying Tom Cruise when she was a little girl -- and the ornate , off-the-shoulder Armani she wore to their 2006 Italian wedding may very well have been the sort of gown she imagined wearing . Adorned with Swarovski crystals , embroidery , and a silk train , and topped with a floor-length veil made of ivory tulle , this was a true dream dress . See if your favorites made our list in our expanded gallery at InStyle.com Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A Christian Dior designer created a dip-dyed silk faille gown specifically for Stefani The gown Kelly wore to marry Monaco 's Prince Rainier was a parting gift from MGM DeGeneres and DeRossi wore Zac Posen at their 2008 ceremony
Beijing  CNN  -- Celebrities who have been caught using drugs or frequenting prostitutes have been banned from China 's airwaves , according to state media , as a national crackdown on vice widens . The order was issued to media outlets by the State Administration of Press , Publication , Radio , Film and Television , China 's media watchdog , according to the state-run China Daily . It said that entertainers who broke the law would not be invited to appear on shows , and that their previous work should not be aired . The ruling applies to TV and radio shows , films and advertising across multiple platforms . The ban would help "  spread positive energy " and "  create a positive environment " on media platforms , the watchdog said in its statement . The announcement comes as China 's government pushes ahead with a war on drugs , gambling and prostitution . In February , police raided 2,000 establishments and detained more than 900 people in Dongguan , a southern Chinese city that had gained a reputation as "  sin city " for its thriving sex industry . And last month the Ministry of Public Security announced a new round of crackdowns on the production and sale of drugs in 108 cities , China Daily reported . Celebrity busts A number of celebrities have been caught up in the raids . In August , 32-year-old actor Jaycee Chan , the son of screen legend Jackie Chan , was arrested alongside 23-year-old Taiwanese actor Kai Ko in Beijing on drugs charges . Both tested positive for marijuana . Singer Li Daimo was sentenced to nine months in jail for hosting a crystal meth party at his home , according to the China Daily , while screenwriter and novelist Chen Wanning , known as Ning Caishen , was detained for possessing and using methamphetamine . In August , management agencies representing entertainers in Beijing signed an agreement with authorities banning drug use from the industry , and pledging to drop stars who broke the law . News of the ban spread quickly on Chinese social media . On one unofficial poll on the Twitter-like Sina Weibo service , 84 % of respondents supported the ban , while 16 % were opposed . "  Artists have a broad influence .  Their behavior  will have a bad influence on juveniles , especially their fans . So I think this is great , " wrote Weibo user @Xiaomanzu . Others disagreed . "  Whether  they  can return to showbiz should depend on the market ... Enforcing the ban is totally acting like a dictator , " wrote @Miamia_wodexingxingkai .	Celebrities who use drugs or prostitutes are banned , says China 's media watchdog The ban applies to their previous works as well , says the statement China has launched a crackdown on vice this year , targeting drugs and the sex industry A number of celebrities have been caught up in drug raids
CNN  -- George Zimmerman failed to identify himself twice during a confrontation with Trayvon Martin and missed opportunities to defuse the situation that led to the death of the teen , a detective says in a newly released report . Zimmerman , who served as a neighborhood watch volunteer , is charged with second-degree murder in the February 26 shooting death of Martin , 17 , in Sanford , Florida . The report is part of information Florida prosecutors released Tuesday . It includes a previously undisclosed portion of a video of Zimmerman showing injuries he said he suffered in the altercation with Martin . Zimmerman , 28 , told police he shot the teenager in self-defense and has pleaded not guilty . But Martin 's family and civil rights activists have said Zimmerman , who is white and Hispanic , racially profiled Martin and ignored a 911 dispatcher 's advice not to follow him . Among the documents released was a report from an officer who conducted computerized voice stress analysis tests on Zimmerman . Timeline of events in Trayvon Martin case "  Mr. Zimmerman was subjected to two exams , and was found to be classified as No Deception Indicated , " the report said . Also released Tuesday was an unredacted capias request , a request that someone be taken into custody , prepared by the lead police investigator in the case , Christopher Serino . "  Investigative findings show that  Zimmerman  had at least two opportunities to speak with  Martin  in order to defuse the circumstances surrounding their encounter , " Serino wrote in the report . "  On at least two occasions  Zimmerman  failed to identify himself as a concerned resident or a neighborhood watch volunteer . " The detective also said Zimmerman 's actions "  are inconsistent with those of a person who has stated he was in fear of another subject . " In the same report , Serino wrote that Zimmerman 's injuries were "  marginally consistent with a life-threatening violent episode as described by him . " Zimmerman 's defense attorney , Mark O'Mara , filed a motion Wednesday asking that his client be allowed to appear at a Friday bond hearing in "  civilian clothing instead of a prison uniform and without restraints . " Video and photos of Zimmerman shackled and wearing jail garb could prejudice prospective jurors , O'Mara said . In response to the document release , O'Mara said Tuesday it will be up to a judge and jury to interpret what Serino 's report means to the case . "  I do n't want to get into a battle with investigator Serino 's report considering what he believed after it seems he made the decision that charges should be filed , " he said . "  His suggestion that it 's marginally consistent , again , is up for review . Those people will have to look at it , whether it 'd be Judge  Kenneth  Lester in a motion hearing where the jury will also make that determination , whether or not those injuries give rise to a reasonable belief in George 's mind that he was a victim of great bodily injury or potential death . " Martin 's family attorney , Benjamin Crump , said he agrees with the detective 's assertion . "  The lead detective made the determination at least on two different occasions Zimmerman had opportunity to defuse the situation . When he got out the car , he could have at least said , ` I 'm a neighborhood watch volunteer ' to defuse the situation and it 's likely Trayvon Martin would be living today , " Crump said . George Zimmerman : Trayvon Martin threatened my life Also released Tuesday was a previously undisclosed portion of a video re-enactment of the incident that police taped a day after the shooting . In the video , Zimmerman , bandages on his head , talks about how his wife is treating his injuries . "  I have a broken nose . She says I could use stitches , but she 'd rather not put them in -- as long as I did n't mess with my head . My skin is already healing nicely , " Zimmerman said . Also Tuesday , the Sanford Police Department announced that Serino had "  voluntarily " asked to be moved from detective to patrol officer . Sanford Sgt. David Morgenstern said the change is not a demotion and he said he did not know why Serino requested the move . Crump said the move was clearly a demotion . "  The lead detective today got demoted and that 's one of those things we have to question . He told what he thought was the truth , " Crump said . Zimmerman had been released on bond after his arrest . But he was ordered back to jail this month after a Florida judge revoked his bail , citing about $ 150,000 in donations in an account controlled by Zimmerman that he had not disclosed at the April 20 bond hearing . O'Mara is asking Lester , a Seminole County Circuit Court judge , to set a bond similar to the $ 150,000 bond initially granted Zimmerman , arguing that he poses no danger to the community , is not a flight risk , and "  cooperated fully " with police before his arrest . Sanford police chief fired in wake of Trayvon Martin case CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Zimmerman 's attorney asks that he be unshackled at Friday 's bond hearing No deception was indicated in Zimmerman 's voice stress test , police say Information released includes a document in which a detective questions Zimmerman 's story The lead detective in the case asked to be moved to patrol division
CNN  -- A bird struck the fuselage of an Alaska Airlines plane but the aircraft managed to land safely , officials said early Tuesday morning . The bird hit the plane above the windshield shortly after it took off Monday evening from Los Angeles International Airport en route to Vancouver , British Columbia , said Mike Fergus of the Federal Aviation Administration . The plane was 1.5 miles off the runway , Fergus said . iReport : Share images and information with CNN The plane , Flight 707 with 159 passengers , returned safely to the airport for an inspection , said airlines spokeswoman Bobbie Egan . According to data released by the FAA , incidences of birds hitting planes have gone up in recent years . Last year officials said a migrating flock of Canada geese caused US Airways Flight 1549 to ditch in New York 's Hudson River . Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger and First Officer Jeffrey Skiles safely guided that plane to an emergency landing . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	The plane is struck above the windshield It returns to the Los Angeles airport safely
CNN  -- Manchester United defender Patrice Evra has been ruled out for a minimum of three weeks after suffering a foot injury during the 3-0 Premier League win over title rivals Chelsea . France defender Patrice Evra will be out for a minimum of three weeks after hurting ankle ligaments . It was Evra 's first game back after a four-match suspension imposed by the Football Association for his involvement in a post-match fracas involving groundstaff at Stamford Bridge last season . The French left-back was hurt after firing over a cross for Wayne Rooney 's goal and now faces another spell on the sidelines as United chase trophies on four fronts . Evra suffered ligament damage and manager Alex Ferguson said : "  He will be out for three weeks minimum and maybe four . It should n't be any more than that . "  He just went over on his foot and has done the little ligament in his foot , so we need to get the swelling down and that will take about 7-10 days . " Evra sits out Wednesday 's Premier League clash with Wigan , the trip to Bolton three days later and next week 's League Cup semifinal return at home to Derby when United will be expecting to overturn a 1-0 deficit . Central defender Rio Ferdinand remains on the sidelines for at least another week although a scan on his back problem confirmed there is no long-term damage . Ferdinand , out for a month , needs more rest and Jonny Evans will continue in central defense with Wes Brown still two weeks away from a comeback after ankle surgery . Ferguson hopes Ferdinand will be back for the televised FA Cup fourth round home clash against Tottenham on Saturday January 24 .	Manchester Utd defender Patrice Evra sidelined for minimum of three weeks Frenchman hurt ankle ligaments during 3-0 Premier League win over Chelsea England defender Rio Ferdinand is out for another week with a back problem
CNN  -- Jesse Altman makes himself at home when he travels for work . Travel experts say you should negotiate a cheap room rate long before you get to your hotel . As he goes around the country selling his small company 's coffee-energy drink hybrid , Whynatte Latte , he has found that staying in friends ' homes saves him a substantial amount of money he might otherwise spend on lodging . "  For three nights , that 's almost a thousand bucks right there , " the Atlanta , Georgia , businessman said . "  A bottle of wine on the kitchen counter when you leave goes a long way -- or making sure the fridge is stocked . If we go out to dinner , we definitely cover the tab . " Many businesses are cutting back on travel budgets , and many small companies have to be inventive to trim costs . Staying with friends is an extreme exercise in frugality , but when it comes to lodging , several experts and frequent travelers stress the importance of considering every way to save money during these difficult financial times . "  The first thing that someone looking to save money should do , they need to think about what they actually want from a hotel , " said business travel expert Joe Brancatelli . "  If you just need a bed and a shower , you do n't need to stay at the Westin , go to Four Points . " Brancatelli , editor of joesentme.com , a Web site for business travelers , also suggested visiting a hotel 's main company Web site to find the cheapest rates for price comparisons . You could also use a blind bidding site , such as Priceline , but it 's a gamble because you do n't know which hotel you 'll get . For Brancatelli , it 's worth it to choose a hotel and pay a bit extra . Other frequent travelers told CNN the ways they 're thinking outside the box to stay within their tight travel budgets . Sharing a room or home Shel Horowitz , owner of FrugalMarketing.com , says home stays offer big savings and a better way to enjoy the city . Home stays are rooms in residences that cost little , if anything at all . "  They are amazing -- not only do they save you money , but they give you a much more interesting trip , " he said , pointing out that the owner of the home can steer you toward local attractions and eateries . Horowitz not only uses home stays when he is on the road , he also offers a room at his home for people visiting New York . He uses Servas , a nonprofit organization that promotes cross-cultural understanding by connecting travelers with hosts . Servas interviews and approves travelers and charges an annual fee for travelers . Other Web sites allow people to rent out their entire homes or rooms within their homes . Altman said he likes AirBed & Breakfast , on which people post pictures of the rooms for let and prices . Horowitz also said that conference attendees can often split a room with someone from another company . The meeting planner of a conference he recently attended set up a Facebook page for participants seeking roommates . In most cases , if you check with the conference planner , he or she can try to help you find a room to share . Call the hotel If you decide it would be easiest to stay at a hotel , you need to pick up the phone , some of the frequent travelers said . Horowitz and Richard Laermer , CEO of RLM PR , urge business travelers to call their destination hotel and book through its reservation staff . Make sure you ask for the best rate and negotiate . Then go one step further and pit a few hotels against each other , Laermer said . You can get rooms for half price that way , he said . "  I think the phone is the killer app that everyone keeps forgetting about , " he said . "  Pick up the phone , call the hotel and tell them you can get a better deal and ask them what they can do for you . " If you do n't get the deal you want , consider another hotel that is substantially cheaper and close by . But do n't go for the lowest price . "  I have found there is n't a whole lot of difference between the $ 60-a-night and the $ 200-a-night hotel , " Horowitz said . "  But there is quite a bit of difference from the $ 29-a-night hotel and the $ 60-a-night hotel . " Brancatelli said to consider your time as a valuable commodity , so weigh the cost of negotiating against the time it would take to get a much lower rate . Rack up the points Altman does n't always stay with friends , so he tries to stay at a hotel chain where he can get points toward future stays or airline tickets . All major chains offer programs with free enrollment . Eileen Hanson , a vice president with Hilton Hotels , said members of a loyalty program also get extra perks , such as larger rooms or free Wi-Fi . But the best advantage is earning points , something even a person who only travels occasionally can do , she said . "  You can easily rack up enough points in just a few stays to earn enough points for a free night , " she said . About 90 percent of reward redemptions at Hilton are for hotel stays . With the summer traveling season ahead , many chains are starting promotional periods this month to increase the number of loyalty points you can earn for each night 's stay or items you can win . Crowne Plaza is offering loyalty club members the chance to earn a free set of high-end golf clubs , for instance . Hilton is adding bonus points . Points also can be earned across the brand . So if you choose an extended-stay hotel , you get rewards for giveaways , too . And increasingly , extended-stay hotels are becoming more attractive for business travelers , who can save money by using them as an apartment away from home . A growing number of travelers are buying groceries and cooking in their rooms , experts said . Still , the most important factor in hotel choice is the price of the room , said Gina LaBarre of Crowne Plaza , and hotels are taking a serious look at how much they charge so they can stay competitive . All the experts said planning ahead is the key to saving money . Figure out your lodging well in advance . Research and weigh your options . Save money where you can , but remember that comfort and convenience also have a value , especially when an important business meeting is involved . But watch the little costs , Brancatelli cautioned . For one , do n't get room service ; take a trip to a local restaurant instead . "  There 's no need to buy a $ 30 club sandwich , " he said .	Atlanta man stays with friends while on business , leaves presents as thanks Home stay organizations connect travelers , people willing to share spare room Experts recommend calling specific hotel you want to stay at and negotiating rate Take advantage of points programs to earn free nights or merchandise
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Ordinarily , walking on a treadmill is no big deal for Carol Elam -- except when she 's dressed in a hospital gown and attached to a heart monitor . Carol Elam 54 , started to worry about her heart health after turning 50 ; her own mother died at age 64 . Elam , 54 , recently underwent a routine stress test at the Piedmont Heart Institute in Atlanta , Georgia . "  I decided I ca n't control too many things in my life , but if I can control something , I 'm going to do as much as I can to control my health , " she remarked . Elam is among a growing number of middle-aged Americans who are n't waiting until they feel the first warning signs of a heart attack to see a doctor . Dr. Winston Gandy , a cardiologist at Piedmont and Elam 's physician , noted the trend not just in his own practice but in talking with colleagues across the country . "  Ten years ago , 60 percent of the people we took care of were people we had seen before , " he said , referring to patients who were returning for post-treatment follow-ups . With the advent of medical therapies and technology that can help with early detection , he says , now 60 percent of patients are new to his practice . Watch more on the new prevention trend " And , like Elam , he said , many do n't have any symptoms of heart disease . Dr. Timothy Gardner , president of the American Heart Association , also noted the positive trend . "  What Dr. Gandy said is true . It is encouraging to see the number of people who are getting the message . " Gandy credited nationwide awareness programs , such as Go Red for Women day February 6 , with helping spread the word about heart disease detection and prevention . He reminds his patients that cardiovascular disease is the No. 1 killer in the United States . More than 80 million American adults suffer from some sort of cardiovascular disease ; it 's responsible for more than 864,000 deaths a year -- that 's one death every 37 seconds . Diagnosing heart disease often starts with a routine visit to a primary care physician . Elam started worrying about her heart health shortly after she turned 50 . "  My grandfather died at the age of 54 . My mother passed at 64 . ... I guess I had a wake-up call with my mother because of her high blood pressure , " Elam explained . She also learned that three of her siblings and a nephew were being treated with medication for high blood pressure . Given her family history , Elam decided to undergo a baseline screening in 2005 with a treadmill stress test . At the end of the 20-minute exam , Gandy informed her that she had a leaky heart valve and would need to be checked annually . Today , her condition is routinely monitored using a treadmill stress test ; she was not put on medication . Under her doctor 's guidance , Elam stepped up her exercise regimen , running up to 20 miles a week . She also sticks to a low-fat diet . "  I 'm going to be honest : There are days where I do n't really feel like running ; I want to eat that fried chicken , but then I think that in the long run , that it 's a lifestyle that I do n't want to chose , " Elam admitted . After her latest stress test , Gandy gave Elam some good news . "  Overall , she did well . I would put her in the top 1 percent , " he said . He cautioned that this was just a screening test . If she felt any chest discomfort , he would want to see her again immediately . When it comes to heart disease , "  if we find it before it finds you , the chances of something bad happening are less than 1 percent , " he said . "  But if it finds you , the chances are upwards of 75 percent that you will die . " The sobering message is n't lost on Elam . Her four children range in age from 12 to 23 . "  I have to be here as long as I can to take care of my children , " she said . "  I also have to set an example for my children . "	Heart disease affects 80 million Americans , kills more than 864,000 a year More people getting message that preventing heart disease is ideal Visiting your doctor , exercising and eating right are all key to prevention
CNN  -- Andy Murray has won his first match after splitting with coach Ivan Lendl , beating Australia 's Matthew Ebden in the second round of the Miami Masters in Florida . The Scot , who is defending the title he won 12 months ago , started life after Lendl nervously , losing the opening set before rallying in the second and third to eventually beat the world No. 67 3-6 6-0 6-1 . Murray announced an amicable parting of ways with Lendl on Wednesday bringing the curtain down on a highly fruitful two-year partnership . Lendl , who is leaving to spend time on other projects , is credited with helping turn Murray into a grand slam champion , overseeing victories at the U.S. Open in 2012 and an historic win at Wimbledon last year . The 26-year-old paid tribute to his former coach after victory late on Friday . "  It was very different without him , it 's been a hard few days , " Murray told Sky Sports . "  He 's been a big part of my career and to not have him around is going to be tough , but I just need to get on with it now and try to get back to playing my best tennis . " Next up in round three is Spain 's Feliciano Lopez who Murray has never lost to in eight previous meetings . Earlier on Friday , Roger Federer came through comfortably against Ivo Karlovic 6-4 7-6  7/4  . The Swiss , who was defeated by Novak Djokovic in the final of BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells last weekend , continued his recent good run of form against the big-serving Croat . "  So ,  his serve  can be quite difficult or overwhelming . But if you 're in the right mindset mentally , it can also be enjoyable . That 's how I approach the match , anyway , " Federer said , ATPTour.com reported . Federer , a winner in Miami in 2005 and 2006 , will face Thiemo de Bakker next after the Dutch qualifier ranked 162 in the world upset world No. 29 Fernando Verdasco in three sets 7-6  7/4  6-7  3/7  6-2 . Djokovic is also safely through to the third round after beating France 's Jeremy Chardy 6-4 6-3 , as is David Ferrer who saw off Georgia 's Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-4 6-0 . In the women 's draw , Venus Williams recorded a straight sets  6-3 6-3  win over Slovakia 's Anna Schmiedlova to set up a meeting with Casey Dellacqua of Australia . Former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic suffered a shock defeat to Varvara Lepchenko of Uzbekistan -- the Serb losing in three sets 6-3 2-6 7-6  7/2  -- but Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska is safely through to the next round after dispatching Switzerland 's Romina Oprandi 6-0 6-4 . China 's Li Na will face America 's Madison Keys in the third round . The Australian Open champion had a walkover after her second round opponent Alisa Kleybanova pulled out with a virus while Keys upset world No. 31 Daniela Hantuchova with a 6-3 6-2 victory . Read more : End of the road for Murray and Lendl Read more : Venus trying to slam Sjogren 's syndrome	Andy Murray starts new chapter of career with second round win over world No. 67 Scot says it 's been a "  hard few days " after Lendl split was announced on Wednesday Federer and Djokovic also safely through to Miami Masters ' third round Venus Williams also a winner in the women 's draw but Jelena Jankovic crashes out
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- The call came over the radio . "  Shots fired . " And then , even worse : "  Officer down . " Billy Rhoads , chief of the Fort Hood Fire Department , grabbed a radio and donned his flak jacket . He jumped into his SUV and tore down the road . A dozen or so blocks away , at the Soldier Readiness Center , a gunman had opened fire on soldiers . Rhoads stepped from his truck . His department 's motto is "  Protecting those who protect us . " He hoped he was not too late for that . The scene was chaotic . Wounded and dead soldiers were everywhere . "  I was listening to people hollering for help , and I was trying to get in there to see what we had , " Rhoads recalled three days after the November 5 attack . "  I assumed that we would have maybe several victims . I had no idea , I just could not fathom what we were going to encounter . " Amid all the army uniforms , one dark blue uniform stuck out . It was Fort Hood police Sgt. Kimberly Munley , who , officials say , shot the alleged gunman , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , to end the rampage . She suffered three gunshot wounds . "  I broke and ran over to her , " Rhoads said . "  I got over to her and began trying to talk to her . " Rhoads and Munley had worked closely in the past . He considers her a friend . Army medics had fashioned a makeshift tourniquet on her leg . He bent down to comfort her . She was extremely weak and unable to speak loudly . "  I just kept reminding her of her daughter and that she needed to stay with us for the baby 's sake , " he said . "  She 's a very tough cookie . " Munley , 34 , had served in the Army herself before becoming a police officer at Fort Hood . Her husband is a staff sergeant in the Army , and their daughter is 3 years old . Munley 's neighbors have said she is so tough , she stopped burglars from entering her house last year . Said Rhoads of Munley : "  The old saying that dynamite comes in small packages is very true . " Emergency personnel were flooding the scene , and helicopters were en route to evacuate the injured . Rhoads , who began as a volunteer firefighter 26 years ago when he was just a teen , took over the scene as incident commander . But first , he paused for a quick prayer . "  I just asked the Lord to be with me , to give me the strength and the courage I need to do my job wisely and keep my people safe . " Even as the first responders worked on the dozens of wounded soldiers , they were n't certain whether there were other shooters on the post . "  The thought 's always there on your mind that there could be another suspect in the area , " Rhoads said . As for Hasan , the fire chief says that discussing the shooting suspect is too emotional . "  I saw the suspect from a distance , but I never got a look at him . " Rhoads ' prayers remain with the soldiers he tries to keep safe . "  It 's very emotional for everybody when we lose our soldiers . But when we lose them here at home like this , it takes it to a different level . " He says the department has arranged for counselors to be available for the firefighters as they process all they have endured . They 've received phone and text messages from fire and police departments all across the country , offering support and prayer . But the main thing his firefighters have relied on , he says , is each other . "  Afterward , everyone started to console each other and talk to each other . It 's a brotherhood . "	Fire chief came across officer , told her she "  needed to stay " for her daughter Chief says people were hollering all over the scene : "  I had no idea " Billy Rhoads began firefighting when he was a teen
Humans are causing a steep decline in populations of reef sharks in the Pacific Ocean according to a new study by a group of international marine scientists . The new estimates of reef sharks compared numbers around populated islands with those living near uninhabited ones . The results were sobering , say researchers . "  We estimate that reef shark numbers have dropped substantially around populated islands , generally by more than 90 % compared to those at the most untouched reefs , " said lead author Marc Nadon from the Joint Institute for Marine and Atmospheric Research at the University of Hawaii . Over 1600 underwater surveys across 46 U.S. Pacific islands and atolls were undertaken in the study and combined with data on human population , habitat complexity , reef size and satellite records . The estimates were gathered using "  towed-dive surveys " where paired SCUBA divers record shark sightings while being towed behind a small boat . It 's a method which provides a more accurate census of mobile reef fish like sharks over large areas , according to researchers . "  Around each of the heavily populated areas we surveyed -- in the main Hawaiian Islands , the Mariana Archipelago and the American Samoa -- reef shark numbers were greatly depressed compared to reefs in the same regions that were simply further away from humans , " Nadon said . "  We estimate that less than 10 % of the baseline numbers remain in these areas , " he added . Co-author of the study , Julia Baum from Canada 's University of Victoria says the human disturbances to reef shark populations are likely down to fishing -- either incidentally caught in the nets of commercial or recreational fishermen or by direct targeting for their fins . "  Reef shark fins are not the most valuable because they tend to be smaller than other sharks , but a lot of other oceanic sharks have already declined a lot so that 's why fisherman are now turning to them , " Baum said . She estimates these fins sell for around $ 100 per kilogram with demand coming from Asian markets where shark fin soup can be found on the menu for weddings and business banquets . Reef sharks , which are around six to eight feet long  1.8 meters to 2.4 meters  , are the "  apex predators " of coral reefs Baum says , and like predators in other eco-systems play an important role in structuring food webs . But there is still much to learn about their specific role . "  Frankly , we 're still trying to figure out what predators do on reefs . The reason for that is because most predators have been removed from reefs . Most reefs that coral reef biologists study are moderately to heavily degraded , " Baum said . The study forms part of the U.S. 's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program and is published online in the journal Conservation Biology .	New study provides estimates on reef shark populations near islands in Pacific Ocean Marine scientists find reef shark numbers dramatically reduced around inhabited islands Over 1600 surveys make up study which forms part of NOAA Pacific monitoring program
CNN  -- What more could a horse enthusiast ask for than a beautiful ride along the sea shore ? One of the world 's toughest horse races took place on Thursday at the Alltech FEI World Equestrian Games -- the venue for the event known as an ` equine marathon . ' Held over a distance of 160 kilometers with just 10 % of the course made up of road , riders race along beaches and countryside in a bid to win one of the most prestigious titles at the Games . The Normandy shore played host to the race as crowds flocked to watch the riders . Four years ago , Maria Mercedes Alvarez Ponton needed just over seven and a half hours to complete the course on her horse , Nobby . This time around , Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohamed Al Maktoum of the United Arab Emirates won gold on his mare Yamamah in a time of 8:08:28 . The race , which started in the town of Sartilly , Manche , looped around a UNESCO World Heritage site with the Bay of Mont Saint Michel providing a stunning backdrop for the event . While the scenery was something to behold , the weather was not , as rain hampered the riders throughout . In the team race , Spain retained the title it won four years ago in convincing fashion . Its three riders finished in a combined time of 28:56:02 .	The Alltech FEI World Equestrian Games are taking place in France Games are held every four years and last two weeks Endurance race over beaches and countryside is 160km in distance UAE won gold in individual event , Spain won team title
CNN  -- San Francisco 's lesser-known bridge unveiled a new look Tuesday night . As part of a unique art project celebrating its 75th anniversary , the West span of the Bay Bridge has been outfitted with 25,000 LED lights that will display a variety of undulating designs nightly for the next two years . Organizers say it is the world 's largest light sculpture . "  Light has a very universal quality , almost anyone can see it and have some response to it . It 's operating on a very primal level , " said artist Leo Villareal , who has been working on the project for the past two and a half years . He says his goal with the Bay Bridge installation was to create a "  digital campfire . " The utilitarian grey bridge cuts a striking figure in the bay and transports 250,000 cars a day , but it has never been a tourist attraction like the nearby Golden Gate bridge . The Bay Bridge , which opened just six months before the Golden Gate in November 1936 , ca n't compete with its neighbor 's iconic touches : epic views , vivid orange paint job and art deco detailing . San Francisco officials hope the Bay Lights project will change that perception and boost tourism to the area . They estimate 50 million people will see the lights , and that the influx of tourists over the next two years will generate $ 97 million for the local economy . The project 's overall cost is $ 8 million , $ 6 million of which has already been raised by organizers . The Bay Bridge lights will fire up nightly at dusk and turn off at 2 a.m. every night until 2015 . The energy-efficient lights cost $ 30 a night to power for those seven hours . Villareal , who has works the Museum of Modern Art in New York CIty and the National Gallery in D.C. , said one of the earliest mock-ups of the Bay Lights project was a one-minute computer animation . He worked with Ben Davis , producer Amy Critchett and a team of employees , volunteers and city departments to blow up those those tiny pixels into a huge computerized light sculpture . The final result is 25,000 LED lights strung up along the 1.8-mile stretch of bridge connecting San Francisco and Treasure Island . The individual lights are spaced 12 inches apart and each one can be set to one of 255 brightness levels . The designs Villareal created and programmed to flicker across the bridge do n't include any images or text , and the sequence wo n't ever repeat itself . "  What people will be seeing are abstract sequences which are inspired by the kinetic activity around the bridge , " said Villareal . "  It 's not literally traffic or the water or any of those sorts of things . " The designs were also inspired by Villareal 's previous experiences in the Bay Area in the 1990s , when he worked in a research lab in Palo Alto and attended the Burning Man festival . The result is an open-ended piece of art that Villareal calls highly subjective . Lights might dim slowly from the edges or shapes will unexpectedly dart across the surface like comets . The movements are playful , relaxing and unpredictable . "  You can imagine anything you want in these lights . For me , it 's the mustache , " said San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee , who sports a signature tuft of hair on his upper lip . Lee was on hand for the opening ceremony , along with California Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom . While designing the sequences , Villareal had to address practical issues like safety for passing boats and drivers on the bridge , as well as artistic considerations such as making sure the animations were viewable from up close , below the bridge , and as far away as Twin Peaks , where the bridge can been seen on fog-free nights . After obtaining permits and securing funding , trimming the bridge was the final daunting step of the project . Teams worked from 11 p.m. to 5 a.m. over the past few months to install the fiber optic network , choosing late night hours in order to have minimal impact on bridge traffic . They used custom clips to hang the lights on 300 vertical spans , mounting some lights as high as 500 feet . Locals have caught peeks of the final product over the past couple of months as producers tested the lighting system ahead of the big debut . On Tuesday , the hard work finally paid off as crowds of onlookers braved rain , cold winds and a few rogue waves to see the light display 's first official showing . Artist Carolyn Tillie and her husband brought chairs , picnic food and wine to the show . Others accessorized outfits and even bikes with blinking lights to celebrate the occasion . Mayor Lee predicted an extended lifespan for the project , saying the city will want to keep the display longer than its two-year engagement . He hopes it will help give San Francisco the reputation as a location for world class art . Relieved to finally hit the On button for the project after years of work , Villareal is n't thinking that far into the future at the moment . "  We 'll cross that bridge when we get to it , " he said .	San Francisco 's Bay Bridge was has been trimmed in 25,000 LED lights for a new art project The light sculpture will display unique animations nightly for the next two years Two years in the making , the Bay Lights project is expected to bring in millions of tourists
CNN  -- Pediatrician and neurologist Dr. William D. Graf has noticed a disturbing trend . Over the past 20 years , he begun to hear stories of an increasing number of doctors who give perfectly healthy children prescriptions for the sole purpose of enhancing their focus or memory . The dramatic increase in the number of children taking stimulants and other "  study drugs , " as they are popularly known , seems to back up his anecdotal evidence . Inspired by his growing concern over this trend , Graf collaborated with five other doctors to write a position paper that offers guidance to physicians and discusses the ethics of the practice . Published Wednesday in the American Academy of Neurology 's journal , the paper is the first of its kind to focus solely on prescribing these drugs to healthy children , Graf said . "  It was n't clear to any of us why this has n't been written before , " Graf said . "  The trend has been around for a couple decades now . It was clear to us that there needs to be this kind of conversation with physicians . " The paper argues that doctors have a "  moral obligation " to "  prevent misuse of medication . " It concludes that the practice of "  neuroenhancements " is n't justifiable . It adds that the prescription of these drugs is inadvisable because of "  numerous social , developmental , and professional integrity issues . " "  We are a highly competitive society , and we know some physicians are prescribing these at a parent 's request , " Graf said . "  Other parents have told us they felt doctors pushed these drugs on their children . " Though the drugs are effective in treating problems like attention-deficit  hyperactivity  disorder in healthy children , they can have serious side effects like cardiac risks , and taking them can be addictive . "  This is not what these drugs were designed for , and doctors can be a part of the problem , " Graf said . "  Our professional integrity is at stake . " Graf said the number of prescriptions written for these kinds of drugs has increased tenfold in the past two decades . According to a 2004 study  PDF  , in some U.S. school districts , "  the proportion of boys taking methylphenidate exceeds the highest estimates of the prevalence of attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder . " ADHD diagnosis rising Another study  PDF  suggests that about 16 % of the population of some high school and college campuses uses prescription drugs as study aids . "  Many students think there 's a magic pill that could fix everything . Trouble is , that 's not true , " said Greg Eells , associate director of Counseling and Psychological Services at Gannett Health Services at Cornell University . He believes that when the law changed to allow pharmaceutical companies to market directly to the public , an entire generation 's acceptance of taking prescriptions changed . "  It did make a huge difference in self-diagnosis . " College students take ADHD drugs for better grades Eells has seen an uptick in the number of students taking or asking for the drugs at Cornell , an Ivy League school known for its rigorous curriculum and ultracompetitive atmosphere . His clinic puts students through a rigorous battery of tests to make sure they actually have ADHD before they receive a prescription for the medication . Still , he knows that if students ca n't get the drugs at his clinic , they may try to buy them from their peers . That 's why he warns students that buying prescription drugs from other students is illegal and dangerous . "  They have a tendency to think if they can Google it , they know what they are getting into , " he said . "  But there 's a reason only people who 've gone to medical school for a long time can prescribe these drugs . These drugs are serious business . " Dr. Mark Wolraich , chairman of the American Academy of Pediatrics clinical practice guideline subcommittee on ADHD , says this newly published position paper represents "  pretty much the position that all clinicians have . " His only concern is that parents who hear about it may be too nervous to seek treatment for their children with ADHD , for whom the drugs would actually be beneficial . "  They can work really well with kids with ADHD , " Wolraich said . He also notes that there may be more valid reasons for the growing number of young people taking ADHD medicines . More people are being legitimately diagnosed with the disorder , and doctors have changed their thinking about ADHD , he said . Until recently , many doctors believed that children eventually outgrew ADHD symptoms . "  We used to think it disappeared at puberty , but it 's not the case . So there will be more cases of adolescents and people at older ages diagnosed with ADHD , " Wolraich said . As neuroenhancement grows more popular and new drugs become readily accessible , Graf said , he and his colleagues wondered whether their paper would it still be valid 20 years from now . "  Some have argued this practice is not going to stop . Neuroenhancement is going to continue regardless , " he said . "  But we came to the conclusion that I think we should draw line at this practice . We do n't believe that will change . "	Doctors obligated to "  prevent misuse of medication , " position paper says 16 % of the population of some high schools and colleges may use "  study drugs " Drugs that work well for kids with ADHD may have negative side effects for healthy children
MOGADISHU , Somalia  CNN  -- At least 39 civilians were killed in Somalia 's capital Monday after a convoy of African Union peacekeepers was hit by a roadside bomb , causing the troops to open fire , officials and eyewitnesses said . Islamist militia display weapons Monday in defiance of newly elected President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed . Maj. Ba-Huko Barigye , spokesman to the African Union Mission to Somalia  AMISON  , said an explosion targeted a contingent of Ugandan troops . At least one soldier was injured and one of the vehicles damaged , Barigye said . Ahmed Dirie Ali , spokesman of Hawiye Traditional Elders -- a major group of local clan leaders -- condemned the civilian deaths . And Mogadishu 's deputy mayor , Abdifatah Ibrahim Shaweye , accused AMISOM of killing innocent civilians deliberately during a "  brutal attack , " an allegation Barigye denied . "  The deputy mayor has got the wrong information , " he said . "  They are targeting AMISOM , but the people who have died are all Somali civilians , who have nothing , whatsoever to do with AMISOM . " Officials say the incident happened on Maka al-Mukarama road , which connects the presidential palace and the airport in southern Mogadishu . The incident occurred on the same day that the new Somali president , Sheik Sharif Sheik Ahmed , was attending an African Union summit in the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa . Ethiopia invaded Somalia in 2006 , to depose an Islamic government led by Ahmed that had taken control of Mogadishu . But at the summit , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged continued support for national reconciliation efforts in Somalia , which has been without an effective central government since 1991 . "  It is important that these efforts should have a tangible effect in improving the security environment for the Somali people and humanitarian actors , " Ban said in a statement released by his office . "  The United Nations will provide strong logistical support to the African Union 's AMISOM force and help develop Somali security forces . " He also encouraged AU leaders to consider a plan that will incorporate AMISOM into a larger U.N. peacekeeping force in the months ahead . AMISOM was set up to take over from Ethiopian forces , which were supposed to be withdrawn soon after the December 2006 invasion that deposed the Islamic Courts Union , which Ahmed once led . But the Ethiopians and the country 's U.N.-backed transitional government were soon battling Islamist guerrillas , including the militia al-Shabaab -- which the United States has designated as a terrorist group with links to al Qaeda . The transitional government eventually signed a peace agreement with a new movement led by Ahmed , the Alliance for the Re-Liberation of Somalia . But al-Shabaab has rejected the deal and continued fighting . The militia overran the town of Baidoa , the seat of the transitional government , within hours of the withdrawal of Ethiopian troops last week . Ahmed was elected president Saturday by lawmakers in Djibouti , and many Somalis view him as a final hope to challenge the militia and its extremist ideology . CNN 's Amir Ahmed and Ahmednor Mohamed Farah for CNN contributed to this report .	Roadside bomb strikes African Union peacekeepers , AU mission says Officials : Civilian deaths occurred on road between presidential palace , airport Mogadishu deputy mayor , AU spokesman disagree over cause of civilian deaths
Washington  CNN  -- When Sen. Mark Begich looks at the next two years , he says he is not concerned about the tough votes he is bound to have to make that could have an impact on his re-election in 2014 . The moderate Democrat from Alaska even laughs a bit when he says , "  Every vote we take here is tough . " "  My strategy has always been to do what I am going to do and focus on my issues , " Begich said in an interview with CNN . Begich is one of six moderate Democrats from "  red " states whose terms ends in two years . Max Baucus of Montana , Kay Hagan of North Carolina , Tim Johnson of South Dakota , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana and Mark Pryor of Arkansas are among the 20 Democrats whose terms will be up in 2014 ; Republicans will defend 13 seats . CNN Election Center : Complete results Though no Republican has declared a run against Begich , speculation in Alaska is that Gov. Sean Parnell will challenge the first-term senator . Since 2008 , when the former Anchorage mayor narrowly defeated incumbent Republican Ted Stevens , Begich has voted as a moderate and has shown willingness to work with the other party . At times , he says , that can get lonely : "  You feel like a Lone Ranger sometimes . " Asked about positions he has taken on oil and drilling or on transportation in the 112th Congress , Begich said , "  Sometimes I feel like I look around and I look behind me and there are n't many national Democrats there . But that is the way it goes . " Though fiscal cliff and budget issues are likely to dominate Congress ' lame duck session -- and likely the new Congress -- there are any number of issues that could emerge in President Barack Obama 's second term that could test moderate Democrats . Much has been made of liberal Democrats Elizabeth Warren and Tammy Baldwin elected to the Senate last week and both parties being pulled away from the middle , but Begich points out that moderate Democrats Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Joe Donnelly of Indiana also were elected . 2014 battle for the Senate starts now Senate votes will be heavily scrutinized in midterms But Begich 's optimism may not be well-founded -- the reality , says Nathan Gonzales from the Rothenberg Political Report , is that even the most benign votes Begich and his fellow moderates make will be used against them in 2014 . "  Senators that are up for re-election are up under a larger microscope . Their votes will be dissected even more closely when they are in cycle , " Gonzales said . Joe Manchin of West Virginia fired a warning shot -- literally -- to his fellow Democrats when the former governor was running against Republican businessman John Raese in the special election to fill the remainder of the late Sen. Robert Byrd 's term . In a 30-second statewide TV ad , Manchin fired a bullet through a symbol of the House-passed cap-and-trade legislation -- a bill incredibly unpopular in his coal-rich state -- thereby both highlighting his opposition to the proposal and trumpeting his support of Second amendment rights . Democrats may also be emboldened by the way voters in some states last week supported Democrats in the Senate even while voting for GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney . "  We learned from Tuesday 's results that voters are willing to split their tickets , " Gonzales said . In Indiana , Missouri and North Dakota , all states in which Romney outran Obama by more than 10 points , Democrats won Senate seats . Though ill-chosen comments on rape by Todd Akin in Missouri and Richard Mourdock in Indiana helped the Democrats in each case , Landrieu 's chief of staff , Jane Campbell , is encouraged . Though she did not guarantee victory -- "  I am not telling you that it is going to be easy . Her races have never been easy , " Campbell said -- she did sound confident . Landrieu "  has run three times in a state that has always had a Republican lean , and her numbers have gone up every single time , " Campbell said . Every election "  she has always been among the top targets and she has always shown the people of Louisiana and they have asked her to come back . " Campbell noted the senator focuses on issues that her constituents care about , singling out protecting the state 's bayous , holding BP oil company responsible for recovery from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil disaster , and education . New U.S. House : Women and minorities to the left ; white men to the right Focusing on issues important to constituents Begich took the same tack -- listing issues like oil and natural gas , drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and transportation -- as his selling points to Alaskan voters . Throughout the conversation he mentioned issues most Democrats would n't touch , like auditing the Federal Reserve , strengthening gun rights and lowering the corporate tax rate . Begich 's strategy seems clear -- focus on issues that matter to Alaskans for the last two years of his term . "  I always run like I am 15 points behind . You always run hard , " Begich said . "  I am focused in the last several years on the issues that matter to Alaska . " But how does that jibe with the wider Democratic caucus ? When the 113th Congress is commenced in January , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid will have to unite his caucus . With a mixed bag of priorities , and a handful of more moderate members focusing on getting re-elected in 2014 , that could prove taxing . "  Leader Reid has a difficult task and I think the president is going to be looking to define his legacy , " Gonzalez said . "  I think he is going to try to get something big done that is going to have political consequences . The ones who have the most on the line are the people who will face voters in the midterm . " Jim Manley , who used to work as the chief spokesman for Reid , said he expects that the majority leader is going to go out of his way to make sure every Democrat feels comfortable with each vote . "  There are different ways to juggle votes , " Manley said . "  In the end , Reid understands that they have to do what they have to do to get re-elected . Reid understands that they need to do what they have to do to represent their constituents . " After all , Manley pointed out , Reid has had to do this ever since becoming majority leader in 2006 . "  He spent the last couple of years juggling the competing concerns of  moderates  Joe Lieberman and Ben Nelson against the demands of  progressives  Sherrod Brown and Bernie Sanders . " Begich says he assured Reid before the 2012 elections that he is ready to take hard votes and that the leader does n't have to worry about putting him in a tough spot . Even so , said a confident Begich , he likes where he is two years out from the election . "  Some of the guys who were running for re-election  in 2012  had to moderate in my direction , " Begich said . "  I came in with these positions already because that is who I am . "	With both parties being pulled away from the middle , Senate Dems face uphill climb in '14 Six Democrats from states that voted for Romney are up for re-election in midterms Mike Begich notes that two Democratic moderates were elected last week Begich and Mary Landrieu of Louisiana say they 'll focus on what their constituents want
Washington  CNN  -- Johnny Bench , Tony LaRussa and Steve Carlton , their 1980s-style hair shoved under their caps , look forever young in a substantial baseball card collection that 's missing an owner . Since June 24 , the Metropolitan Police Department has been trying to find the rightful owner of well more than 500 cards , each carefully placed in a plastic protective sleeve . A visitor to East Potomac Park found the cache of cards in a grassy area and notified police , who combed through crime reports but have thus far struck out on identifying the owner . "  We do n't know if it fell off the back of a car , " Lt. Nicholas Breul said Wednesday , indicating it 's his guess that they were stolen . Police publicized the find Wednesday and included photos of some of the collection . They are n't releasing all the information because they want to be sure whoever comes forward can provide extensive details before they turn them over . The Topps and Fleer cards are of Major League Baseball players from the 1980s and 1990s . Players include Reggie Smith , Gary Carter and Toby Harrah . Breul wo n't hazard a guess on their value , but he indicated some might be worth about $ 1 . Of course , a few could be worth more . If no one successfully claims them , the cards may be auctioned and serious collectors would get a better handle on their worth . "  So much depends on condition , " Breul told CNN . The department spokesman said he 's not an avid baseball fan . After all , he grew up in Washington , which twice lost the Senators to other cities and whose Nationals have been dependable cellar-dwellers . He is friends with Boston Red Sox fans and has at least one connection with one of the finds . "  That Fred Lynn card is pretty cool , " Breul said , referring to the outfielder who starred for the Sox in the '70s . Anyone with information or believes the set is theirs can contact the department 's Public Information Office at 202727-4383 between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m. ET Monday through Friday . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Large collection of baseball cards found at park Police in Washington are hoping the rightful owner comes forward Most appear to be from the 1980s and 1990s
CNN  -- Jorge Lorenza kickstarted his MotoGP title defense on Sunday as he won the Italian Grand Prix for the third year in a row . The Spanish motorcyclist overtook pole sitter Dani Pedrosa at the first corner at Mugello and never surrendered the lead as he trimmed his rival 's championship advantage to 12 points after five races . "  I knew it was going to be a really hard race because it got much hotter than it had been in the morning , " Lorenzo told the MotoGP website . "  Dani was following me for about 13 laps , but on the 13th I pushed a little bit more -- to be about three-tenths faster -- and it seems he gave up a little bit , so it was much easier from then . " Pedrosa had to fight off his rookie Honda teammate Marc Marquez , who dropped to third in the standings after suffering another one of the crashes that had marred his practice and qualifying sessions -- and this time ended his race . Pedrosa claimed second place ahead of Britain 's Cal Crutchlow , with German rider Stefan Bradl fourth to match his best career result . "  I did n't feel fully comfortable in the race today , but I 'm happy because I was able to gain a large number of points , " said Pedrosa , who had won the two previous races in his native Spain and France , and was second at Mugello last year . "  In general , this was a difficult weekend . The back tire was giving me a lot of problems with grip but taking 20 points from this race and maintaining the lead the World Championship is something positive . " Marquez had been aiming to become the first newcomer to finish on the podium in the first five races of a season , but he suffered his seventh crash since stepping up to motorcycling 's elite division . "  After three difficult days of setbacks and hard work , I finally felt good during the race , " said the 20-year-old , who dropped 26 points behind Pedrosa . "  I do n't fully understand why I crashed , as I lost both the front and the back at the same time and was unable to save it . It 's clear that we made a mistake , but we ca n't go looking for excuses . "  We ca n't forget that this is my first year in the class and I am here to learn how things are in MotoGP . In spite of everything we were still fighting for second place , which is a reason to be happy . " Lorenzo 's Yamaha teammate Valentino Rossi was another casualty , with Italy 's seven-time world champion retiring only three corners into the race after being hit by Alvaro Bautista . Rossi 's previous team Ducati gave the home fans something to cheer as Andrea Dovizioso , Nicky Hayden and Michele Pirro were fifth , sixth and seventh respectively . The sixth race of 18 this season is the Catalunya Grand Prix in Barcelona in a fortnight .	World motorcycling champion Jorge Lorenzo wins at Mugello for third successive year He closes gap on fellow Spaniard Dani Pedrosa , who repeats last year 's second place Pedrosa 's Honda teammate Marc Marquez misses out on history after crashing Lorenzo 's Yamaha teammate Valentino Rossi was an early casualty at his home track
New York  CNN  -- The appearance of mysterious giant circles on an ice-covered pond has some upstate New York residents wondering if they 've been visited by beings from another realm . During an unseasonable spring snow storm last Friday , Peggy Gervase of Eden was stunned to see the strange pattern that had formed on the pond she built 10 years ago behind her home . The large circles resembled a black and white Twister game . Gervase posted a photograph of the pond on Facebook , with a link to CNN affiliate WGRZ 's Facebook page , and it received hundreds of comments speculating about what caused the phenomenon . "  People were suggesting all kinds of crazy stuff , " Gervase told CNN . "  There was everything from ducks swimming in circles to bodies burning to Bigfoot . " She got a laugh out of one explanation in particular -- flatulent fish . And the most bizarre of all -- could there be aliens roaming around this quaint town south of Buffalo ? It 's likely a more mundane explanation , one expert says . "  There are lots of processes in nature that involve water and convection -- sometimes salt and fresh water , sometimes cold and warm water , sometimes a bit of both . The oceans do this at a range of scales , and it would n't surprise me if this is another one of those phenomena where water convects because of a subtle change in temperature , " said Timothy Creyts , a glaciologist at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University . Freeze and thaw cycles common at this time of year cause warm water to rise from the bottom of the pond , disrupting ice formation because of the water 's temperature and motion . "  It is n't really a phenomenon . Pond circles are Mother Nature 's artwork , " Gervase said . "  But it took just one photo for people to go wild and then it had a life of its own . " Some scientists are glad the photo has caused such a commotion . "  Everyone who saw that photo and thought , ' I wonder how that happened ? ' was doing what scientists do every day , " said Andrew Juhl , an associate professor at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory . "  It 's great that people pay attention to these kinds of events and use them to exercise their curiosity about the world around them . "	The circles appeared after a snowstorm last week , Peggy Gervase says Scientists say warm water from the bottom of the pond is likely the cause Some speculate that ducks , fish or aliens were responsible
Lake Victoria , Africa 's largest lake , has been plagued by water hyacinth plants for over two decades . While its flowers can be beautiful its foliage can grow to cover large swaths of the waters in a dense green mat of leaves that choke the shoreline of fish . Fishermen often struggle each day for a meager catch , but an entrepreneurial weaver has found that the invasive plant can be a free source of material for the area 's women who make handicrafts . "  When we make products from this hyacinth , we are empowering women economically . They become self-reliant . That means we are alleviating poverty , " said Caroline Agwanda , who heads Hyacinth Ornaments Production Enterprises in Kisumu , Kenya . The organization , which sells products ranging from handbags to furniture , aims to give employment to disadvantaged women , youths and those with disabilities . For years , the area 's weavers have used banana and sisal fibers to make their wares . They are now turning to hyacinth because of its abundance . But if the weavers ' craft is flourishing , many in the local fishing community are suffering . Water hyacinth grows into a thick bed of waxy leaves and violet flowers that cover the surface of the lake . It is native to South America but was introduced in Africa in the late 1800s . The plant species can double its mass every five days , according to scientists . Because of its dense growth , it blocks sunlight from reaching the lake 's native aquatic plants , which affects fish and other marine life -- and those who make their livelihoods catching them . "  It has really affected us because the quantity of fish that we used to get from this lake has diminished , " said Jonathan Opiyo , a fisherman . The difficulties faced by the fishing community are evident at the local markets , where instead of fish traders and buyers loudly haggling over prices , there are only a few quiet voices . The weavers are not even putting a dent into the sheer growth of the plant , which at the moment is particularly severe . "  It goes all the way -- the furthest you can actually see , " said Philip Ochieng , a research scientist who is working with the government to mitigate the environmental problems caused by hyacinth . "  This is the biggest acreage of water hyacinth since it was first reported in Lake Victoria in 1992 . " Methods that have been tried in the past include the release of South American weevils that eat the plant , as well as machinery that shreds from the water surface . These efforts worked for a while but were not seen as a permanent solution . Ochieng does not advocate the weavers ' use of hyacinth , because transporting it from the lake to their homes could help the plant spread . However Agwanda says she thinks the weavers could make a real contribution to the removal of the harmful plant from the lake . She would like to see support for the project and to have the resources for machinery that would help make thousands of meters of hyacinth rope each day . "  If we have like a factory somewhere , we 'll be consuming a lot of hyacinth , " Agwanda said . The wares that Agwanda 's group creates are sold mainly in large towns across Kenya . The finished items are not cheap , and some she says some locals do not appreciate the innovation of utilizing a menacing weed . "  They say , ` You normally get this hyacinth free of charge from the lake . You should sell it for 20 shilling . ' They 're not looking at the time and skill of coming up with new products and a competitive product , " she said . Invasive species : Eat them before they eat everything	Water hyacinth covers large swaths of Lake Victoria The invasive plant species is choking the lake of fish and affecting fishermen livelihoods Local weavers have found that the hyacinth can be used to make their products The weavers are not even putting a dent into the dense growth
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- In the best of times , the Champs de Mars square in downtown Port-au-Prince was an awe-inspiring sight for Haitians . The broad boulevard was home to the majestic presidential palace , the seat of the country 's power and prestige . Not anymore . The century-old gleaming white palace is in ruins . And in the shadow of its wrought-iron gates , the immaculately maintained plaza has been overtaken by row upon haphazard row of makeshift shacks as far as the eye dwells . These are the new homes of the capital 's displaced residents : rickety quarters comprised of bed sheets , propped up on sticks and held together with ropes . Nearly 500,000 Haitians have moved here , rendered homeless by a 7.0-magnitude earthquake that devastated the impoverished island-nation a week ago . Throughout the capital , and in other affected areas of the country , similar tent cites have risen -- cramped , squalid encampments filled with the few belongings that residents have salvaged . As rescue and recovery efforts continue , these mini-cities pose Haiti 's next challenge . "  This is the biggest one , " National Police Chief Mario Andresol said on Monday . "  We have new area to protect and new people to protect . It 's another kind of security we have to ensure . This is the toughest one . " Full coverage | Twitter updates It will be an overwhelming task . The Port-au-Prince police force of 4,000 has plunged to about 1,500 -- the rest of the officers dead , wounded or missing , Andresol said . Complicating matters , about 4,000 convicted criminals are on the loose . The capital 's 95-year-old , badly overcrowded National Penitentiary collapsed after the quake , and the inmates escaped . "  We have an emergency now , " Andresol said . "  Because , probably next week , we will have more confusion on the street . The bad guys will be organizing themselves , and they can be the most principal threat to the police and the population . " Police presence at these new neighborhoods is sporadic . With electricity lines down throughout the city , residents bunch up their meager belongings into pillows and sleep on them after dark . iReport : Looking for loved ones "  You put something down , and they steal it , " said one resident , who identified himself as Ruben . "  You know , there 's no jail in the country . All the prisoners go out . You do n't know the good people or bad people . That 's why you have to be careful . " In some camps , residents have far worse fears . "  By night , with not enough electricity , some people try to rape and steal and kill people also , " Andresol said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Monday that he would ask for an additional 2,000 U.N. troops and 1,500 U.N. police officers to bolster the 3,000 U.N. police and soldiers currently deployed in Port-au-Prince . Haiti police ill-equipped to handle crisis But security is just one of the many immediate needs that tent-dwellers are praying for . They await food and medical help . In one tent , an 8-year-old boy suffers a seizure as family members look on helplessly . In another , a little girl cries in pain , her leg wound oozing . iReport : I 'm alive -- message from Haiti "  The people of Haiti need help . Quickly ! Quickly . We need help ! " a woman screams , tears streaking her face . In another part of the square , an old man sits quietly , thumbing a Bible . "  My situation  is  very bad , very bad , " he says . "  God only know that . God can help me . God can do everything for me . " For many residents , there is little else to do but pray -- and wait . The men mill about aimlessly , wondering when help will arrive . Teenagers rush off when they hear that water and food are available somewhere . Most of the time , they return empty-handed . Gallery : Devastation in Haiti With little else to play with , children kick up dirt and squeal in delight . Their mothers squat by portable stoves , fanning the fire with pieces of cardboard . All around , trash piles up . The stench is unbearable , worsening by the hour under the hot sun . When night falls , the residents gather by flickering candlelight and sing spirituals to keep their spirits up . Occasionally , gunshots ring in the distance . Eventually , they drift off to sleep on tattered mattresses and cardboard boxes . Tomorrow , they hope , will bring a better day . CNN 's Soledad O'Brien , Rafael Romo , Jason Carroll in Port-au-Prince and Saeed Ahmed in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Their homes destroyed , many Haitians living in ramshackle tent cities People living there fear rape , robbery and other criminal activity National Police Chief Mario Andresol says tent cities pose his biggest challenge In addition to security concerns , people in tent cities want for food and medicine
Bangkok  CNN  -- The woman set to become Thailand 's first female prime minister , Yingluck Shinawatra , said Monday that authorities will reopen an investigation into her brother , former Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was convicted of corruption after being forced from office . Yingluck Shinawatra 's Pheu Thai party dominated the country 's general election on Sunday , winning 265 seats in the 500-member parliament . It was a major victory for the party once headed by her brother , who was exiled after a military coup threw him from power in 2006 . He left the country two years later , after he was convicted of conflict of interest charges . He was sentenced in absentia to two years ' imprisonment . In her first one-on-one interview with an international media organization after all the votes had been counted , Shinawatra told CNN 's Sara Sidner she would not encourage her brother , who lives in Dubai , to return to Thailand to serve his sentence . She said she did not know whether her brother was wrongly convicted but that a truth and reconciliation commission plans to review the case against him and several others . Thaksin Shinawatra , meanwhile , spoke Monday about his sister 's status as the country 's next prime minister . "  I 'm proud of her and I trust her , " he told reporters in the United Arab Emirates . When asked whether he expects his sister to clear the way for his return , the former prime minister said , "  Going back home is not a major concern . It 's not a top priority . The priority is to bring back reconciliation . " Many hope that Sunday 's general election -- the first since 2007 -- will bring an end to years of unrest between two political factions that climaxed last year with deadly protests . Yingluck won : What 's next for Thailand ? Tensions between the Democratic Party and the Pheu Thai party , which reflect deep divisions within Thai society , erupted in 2010 , with protests against Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva 's government leading to a military crackdown . More than 90 people were killed and hundreds were injured . After the riots , the Thai government pledged to work toward a process of national reconciliation to heal class and political divisions , though the divide between the two groups remains wide . The other coalition parties include Chart Thai Pattana , Chart Pattana Puea Pandin , Palang Chon and Mahachon . "  Now we have a good number of 299 representatives , " Yingluck Shinawatra said . "  It is enough to have stability to serve  the  Thai people . " Thailand 's Democratic Party won 159 of the seats , the country 's electoral commission said Monday , though the final , official results have not been released . Abhisit , the prime minister , announced he is stepping down as the head of the Democratic Party after its loss at the polls . "  When compared with the result of  the  election in 2007 with this year 's election , we have less MPs , " Abhisit said via the Thai news agency MCOT . "  I think that I need to take this responsibility , so today I decided to resign from the leader position of the  Democratic  party , and I will let the party choose a new leader in 90 days . " Yingluck Shinawatra said Monday that reconciliation is "  the urgent task ahead . " She has also vowed that her first priority would be to "  help people on their economic situation . " Can election promises be kept in Thailand ? Thai stocks jumped more than 3 % , or 33 points , at opening on Monday . The election had more than a 70 % turnout rate , the country 's election commission said . "  We congratulate the people of the Kingdom of Thailand , our long-time friend and ally , for their robust participation in the July 3rd parliamentary elections , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said in a statement . Thaksin remains one of Thailand 's most polarizing political figures . Even from afar , he has been a topic of discussion during the election and its aftermath . He still denies the accusations that led to his 2008 corruption conviction . Yingluck Shinawatra 's critics worry she will simply do her brother 's bidding -- something she has denied . Before she even gave a victory speech , her brother shared his comments from exile in Dubai . "  Well , I would tell them that I really want to go back , but I will wait for the right moment and the right situation , " he told reporters . But on Monday , Thaksin Shinawatra said his return would be contingent on reconciliation . "  If I were to go back , I should be part of the solution , " he told reporters . "  I should not be part of the problems . " He stressed that he is no longer head of the party ; his sister is . The Pheu Thai party remains fiercely behind the former prime minister and wants him to return . But the so-called "  Yellow Shirts , " a group that formed to oust him from power , has said it will do whatever it can to stop that from happening . Yingluck Shinawatra said she wo n't give her brother favorable treatment . "  I ca n't do anything special for my brother , " she said , adding she will follow the "  rule of law . " Thaksin said the incoming prime minister 's relative lack of political experience might help with reconciliation efforts . Sometimes , he said , "  you need  a  clean slate . If you were to have the people with a lot of political baggage come to reconciliation , it may be difficult . " But many Thai voters were more concerned with economic issues , wanting their leaders to shrink the gap between what they earn and the skyrocketing cost of living . "  Free education is good , care for  the  elderly is also good . In fact every parties ' policies are all good , the question is if they would ever implement them , " Banorn Achriyawatkul said as she worked outside a polling station . After being laid off from her job as a secretary , the mother of four is now trying to make ends meet as a food vendor in the streets . Despite the animosity between them , the two major parties have made very similar promises to the people : a better economy , free education , and a major increase in the minimum wage -- exactly what many voters wanted to hear . But analysts say the extravagant programs will cost more than Thailand can afford . Supong Limtanakool of Bangkok University 's Center for Strategic Studies said both parties made big promises they just ca n't keep . He said Thailand will "  have to spend somewhere between an additional 1.5 trillion baht to 7.5 trillion baht  $ 49 billion to $ 244 billion  with all the extravagant programs , which is five times the national budget . ... I mean , we 'll be broke in one year , " he said . CNN 's Sara Sidner , Leone Lakhani and Benjamin Gottlieb contributed to this report .	Incoming prime minister says case against her brother will be reviewed She says she will not encourage her brother to return to Thailand to serve time Former Prime Minister Thaksin : "  I should not be part of the problems " Yingluck Shinawatra 's party won at least 265 seats in the 500-seat parliament
London  CNN  -- A 22-year-old man appeared in court Thursday after he was charged with murder in the death of British soldier Lee Rigby in London last week . Flanked by two police officers , Michael Adebowale spoke to confirm his name , his address and that he was aware of the charges against him . Adebowale is also charged with unlawful possession of a firearm , a Dutch revolver , the Metropolitan Police said Wednesday . His hands were cuffed in front of him and he wore a gray long-sleeved shirt and white trousers for the brief appearance at Westminster Magistrates ' Court . Addressing Adebowale , Chief Magistrate Howard Riddle said that he could sit rather than stand because he was injured . Adebowale appeared to walk uncomfortably and his right hand was wrapped in what could have been a medical dressing . He was discharged from a hospital Tuesday and has been held in custody since at a police station . The magistrate referred Adebowale 's case to a higher court -- the Old Bailey in London , also known as the Central Criminal Court -- where he will have a bail hearing June 3 and a further preliminary hearing June 28 . "  There is sufficient evidence to prosecute Michael Adebowale and it is in the public interest to do so , " said Sue Hemming , head of the Crown Prosecution Service 's Special Crime and Counter-Terrorism Division . A 28-year-old suspect remains under arrest at a London hospital . He has been identified by family , friends and acquaintances as Michael Adebolajo . In all , 10 people have been arrested in connection with the killing . Two were released without charges , while six others have been freed on bail -- the most recent a 50-year-old man arrested Monday night on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . The brutal killing of Rigby , who had served as an infantryman in Afghanistan and Cyprus , in the southeast London district of Woolwich shocked people across the United Kingdom . He was run over by a car and then stabbed in a daylight attack near the barracks where he was based . A post mortem examination found that the soldier 's cause of death was from "  multiple incised wounds , " police said Wednesday . An inquest into his death is due to open Friday . Two men were shot and injured after armed police were called to the scene May 22 . Rigby was married and had a 2-year-old son . His wife , Rebecca Rigby , said last week that he had been planning to visit them so they could discuss their future . Meanwhile , another woman who said she was Rigby 's fianc  e told Britain 's Press Association that she 's "  extremely proud " of him and "  devastated " by his death . Aimee West 's comments came in a statement to the news service issued through the Metropolitan Police . While police did n't relay that statement to CNN , they confirmed that they 'd passed on West 's remarks to the Press Association . "  I am moved by all the flowers and tributes , and that he has been remembered by the nation as the great man she was , " West said .	Michael Adebowale will have a bail hearing Monday , the court says He appears , flanked by police officers , at Westminster Magistrates ' Court in London He 's charged with murder and unlawful possession of a firearm , police say A 28-year-old suspect remains under arrest at a London hospital
CNN  -- San Francisco on Wednesday threatened to sue Nevada over the practice of "  patient dumping , " in which the state allegedly sent hundreds of indigent mentally ill patients on one-way trips to California . In a letter to Nevada 's state attorney general , San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera threatened a class-action lawsuit , saying Nevada 's state-run psychiatric hospital Rawson-Neal sent two dozen patients to his city and hundreds more to other spots in California without any arrangements for care once they arrived . "  As part of my office 's investigation , we have obtained the names of the almost 500 patients whom Rawson-Neal discharged and sent by Greyhound bus to California since April 2008 , " Herrera says in his letter to Nevada Attorney General Catherine Cortez Masto . Herrera said San Francisco has spent at least $ 500,000 on medical care , housing and subsistence grants for the patients since they arrived from Rawson-Neal . A spokeswoman for the Nevada attorney general 's office , Jennifer Lopez , said the office received the letter and was working on the matter . "  We can not comment further on pending litigation , " she said . The Sacramento Bee newspaper first reported on the practice in March when it told the story of former Rawson-Neal patient James Flavy Coy Brown , 48 , who was sent on a 15-hour bus ride to Sacramento despite knowing no one in the area , never having visited , and having no arrangements for his care , housing , or medical treatment . Rawson-Neal put Brown in a taxi to the Greyhound bus station with a one-way ticket , snacks , and a three-day supply of medication to treat his schizophrenia , depression and anxiety , the paper reported . Brown said he was told to call 911 when he arrived . He was "  completely confused " with no idea why he was sent to Sacramento , a social services worker told the Bee . Brown disappeared in Sacramento , according to the newspaper , and his whereabouts remain unknown . In April , after reports that Rawson-Neal bused more than 1,500 psychiatric patients to locations across the United States , Herrera 's office launched an investigation to find out whether any of the 31 Greyhound bus tickets the hospital bought for trips to San Francisco were for improperly discharged patients , a statement from the city attorney said . The investigation discovered 24 patients were sent to San Francisco , including some who made multiple trips , and that 20 sought and received emergency medical care once they arrived , Herrera 's office said . That was just San Francisco , however . Herrera 's office said it later found that 500 Rawson-Neal patients were sent to locations throughout California . The alleged busing of patients "  unlawfully burdened California local government resources ... in order to provide care and services which Nevada was legally obligated to provide to its own indigent residents , " Herrera 's office said in a statement . "  While our prospective litigation asserts the rights of California taxpayers , it 's equally necessary to protect society 's most vulnerable from continued institutional abuse , " Herrera said . "  Homeless psychiatric patients are particularly defenseless from the kind of lawless ` patient dumping ' practices Nevada officials engaged in . " Herrera said Nevada can avoid a lawsuit if it reimburses California local governments for the cost of taking care of the patients and adopts binding protocols to end the busing practice , his office said . Nevada must respond to the offer by September 9 . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	San Francisco says Nevada gave mental patients a one-way ticket It says 500 patients were sent to California , including 24 to San Francisco Nevada 's state attorney general refuses comment San Francisco seeks compensation for the patients ' medical care
Washington  CNN  -- As e-book readers and tablet computers become more common , one prominent tech mogul says that physical books could disappear sooner than expected . In an interview with CNN 's Howard Kurtz on "  Reliable Sources , " author Nicholas Negroponte , founder of One Laptop per Child , said the physical book 's days are numbered . "  It will be in five years , " said Negroponte . "  The physical medium can not be distributed to enough people . When you go to Africa , half a million people want books ... you ca n't send the physical thing . " Negroponte emphasized the efficiency of being able to put hundreds of books on the laptops his organization sends to villages . "  We put 100 books on a laptop , but we also send 100 laptops . That village now has 10,000 books , " he said . CNN iReport : Have you replaced books with an e-reader ? Share your story . When it comes to making e-books standard , Negroponte thinks that developing countries may actually be faster than developed countries . "  That 's what cell phones did , " Negroponte said . "  Cell phones were more popular in Cambodia and Uganda because they did n't have phones . We had phones in this country , and we were very late to the table . They 're going to adopt e-books much faster than we do . " Negroponte founded One Laptop per Child in 2005 with the goal of providing one internet-connected laptop to every school-age child in the world . Through the help of industry insiders , the organization created the XO , a lightweight and durable laptop . For $ 199 , it 's possible for individuals to buy a laptop for a child in the developing world through the website www.laptop.org/en/ .	The physical book 's days are numbered , author Nicholas Negroponte says "  The physical medium can not be distributed to enough people , " he says Negroponte founded One Laptop per Child in 2005
CNN  -- If you 've ever turned on VH1  or at least passed by it while channel surfing to something with sharks  , there 's a 200 % chance that you 've seen the network 's "  I Love The ... " series , which also means that you 've stumbled upon comedian Hal Sparks waxing nostalgic on everything from Nerf footballs to the R. Kelly sex tape .  "  I Love the 70 's " and "  I Love the New Millennium , " respectively . As a regular contributor to the series , it seems as though Hal pretty much loved every decade , and everyone seemed to love Hal . In fact , in 1999 the budding comedian received his big break on TV when the E! network pegged him to host "  Talk Soup , " a show that aired the best clips from the previous day 's daily talk shows  read : people getting naked on "  Springer "  . Sparks says , "  I learned a lot more about the audience -- the Romanesque problem we have as a culture right now . ` Jerry Springer ' is just kind of the chubby , redneck version of throwing Christians to the lions . " Shortly after taking over "  Talk Soup , " Sparks landed a role on the Showtime series "  Queer as Folk " and numerous other parts on various networks . Basically , the guy started to show up just about everywhere , including big-screen appearances in "  Dickie Roberts : Former Child Star , " "  Spider-Man 2 " and as the cult leader Zoltan in "  Dude , Where 's My Car ? " Zoltan : "  Soon we will leave this lame planet and fly through outer space with cool aliens who like us ! " But if you have n't seen him on TV or in film , there 's also a chance you 've seen him on stage , singing and playing guitar for the band Zero 1 . Or , perhaps , he beat you up in a kung fu fight . Seriously , Hal has a lot of hobbies . A firm believer in the personal benefits of martial arts , Sparks says , "  If you take anything I say with any seriousness whatsoever , go study Yang style tai chi . It will make you live longer . " Apparently , the fountain of youth is n't bacon .	Hal Sparks is known for is commentary on VH1 's "  I Love The ... " series In 1999 , he hosted the E! show "  Talk Soup , " which aired funny segments from talk shows Sparks also sings and plays the guitar in a band called Zero 1
CNN  -- What 's the best way to find great links on the web ? Is it algorithmic search engines like Google , people-powered decision-making , or a combination of both ? This has been the perennial question online ever since Yahoo 's human-organized directory of web links lost the battle to Google 's automated crawlers . And yet now , in some circles at least , the pendulum appears to be swinging back : Google is broken , say some technologists , and people-power is the best fix . What 's the problem with Google search ? Spam , say the critics . Or rather , a new genre of not-quite-spam . So-called "  content farms " have sprung up to produce thousands of articles per day with titles that match popular search terms -- dig in to the content however , and you 'll find it anything but useful . This Google-fatigue began as early as December 2009 , when venture capitalist Paul Kedrosky remarked that using Google to search for a new dishwasher delivered nothing but spam results . "  Info-krill " , Kedrosky called it , "  Identify some words that show up in profitable searches -- from appliances , to mesothelioma suits , to kayak lessons -- churn out content cheaply and regularly , and you 're done . " It 's a concept that was revisited this month by prominent British blogger Alan Patrick , who remarked : "  This year it really hit home just how badly Google 's systems have been spammed , as typically anything on Page 1 of the search results was some form of SEO spam " . Others have come to the same conclusion . Prominent software developer Jeff Atwood this month declared "  Trouble in The House of Google " , while entrepreneur Vivek Wadhwa outlined his reasons "  Why We Desperately Need a New  and Better  Google " , namely "  spammers and marketers " . Developer Marco Arment , meanwhile , decried the "  apparent explosion recently of cheap - ` content ' sites " , which have contributed to "  Google 's apparent defeat by spam . " While the problem is clear , do technologists agree on the solution ? It appears they do . Atwood asks : "  Are we seeing the first signs that algorithmic search has failed as a strategy ? Is the next generation of search destined to be less algorithmic and more social ? " Kedrosky too proposes a human-powered solution , declaring that "  curation is the new search . " Wadhwa , meanwhile , points to new search engine contender Blekko , which searches within sets of websites defined by human editors . And Arment proposes a combined approach : "  One solution may be for Google to radically change their algorithms and policies for web search to de-emphasize phrase-matching and more strongly prioritize inbound links and credibility . And , in what 's probably a huge departure for them , have human employees use their opinions of site quality to manually adjust the relevance of domains . " While I 'm inclined to agree that human-powered decision-making may increase the quality of search results , it 's worth noting that the path to "  curation " is littered with bodies . In December 2010 , news leaked that Yahoo was looking to close down the social-bookmarking site Delicious . Yahoo later clarified that the company was instead looking to sell the service , which had pioneered wide-scale , people-powered categorization of web links . Yahoo 's attempts to jettison the site are hardly a shining example of the rise of human curation . Last year also saw the downfall of another Web 2.0 pioneer -- Digg.com , which enables users to vote on Web links and ranks the most popular results , saw its web traffic plummet after a redesign that aimed to keep pace with Twitter and Facebook . It 's there , I think , where we might finally see curation bloom : On Twitter and Facebook , where users share millions of links per day without even the mildest sense that they 're "  curators " of the web . To these everyday internet users , they 're just sharing cool websites with friends ; To those who seek to make sense of an increasingly complex web , these millions of social signals are gold dust . The solutions will come in many forms , from Bing 's integration of Facebook "  Likes " into its search results to Twitter - and Facebook-powered newspapers like Paper.li and The Twitter Tim.es . But ultimately , and with a few stumbles , we 'll find numerous ways to combine human judgment with the efficiency of algorithms .	Google is broken , say some technologists , and people-power is the best fix Spam is the big problem with Google search , critics say One expert proposes a human-powered solution , says "  curation is the new search "
CNN  -- The 2014 midterm elections are quickly shaping up to be the most obscenely expensive ever . As more and more outside groups shell out an unlimited amount of campaign cash -- while accepting bottomless contributions from big business and anonymous wealthy donors -- stockpiling huge amounts of campaign cash has become a political arms race . Even so , this is the year concerned Americans can begin to turn it all around and get big money out of politics . Together , "  we the people " can stamp out big money in politics . If we do n't act now , we 're in trouble . The Supreme Court 's 2010 Citizens United decision was a key ruling in opening up the gates to a torrent of spending by super PACs . Outside groups spent a whopping $ 2 billion in the 2012 election cycle , according to Federal Election Commission figures , compared with $ 298,549,659 in 2008 . According to the Center for Responsive Politics ' analysis of super PACs and politically active nonprofits , by November of last year these groups had burned through $ 20.6 million , more than three times the $ 6.3 million they 'd laid out by the same point in the last election . "  Dark money " organizations -- 501  c   4  and 501  c   6  nonprofits such as Americans for Prosperity or The League of Conservation Voters , which are n't required to disclose the names of their donors -- have nearly quintupled their spending of two years ago . And right now , the nation is awaiting the Supreme Court 's decision in another case , McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission , which is challenging caps on the total amount that a wealthy donor can directly give to all PACs , campaigns and parties combined -- what 's known as "  aggregate contribution limits . " If the court strikes down contribution limits , one affluent donor would be able to give more than $ 3 million in direct contributions . Currently , individual donor contributions are capped at $ 123,200 -- more than double the median family income in America . What 's one impact of all this money ? Many Americans are becoming convinced that their votes do n't count , that our political process is controlled by the biggest bankroll , and that money , not the public interest , sets policies and priorities in government . Big money gives a big voice to the wealthy and corporations , at the expense of the rest of us . It threatens the democratic voice that is the foundation of our country . Freshman representatives in Congress are asked to spend nearly half their time raising money , many providing special interest lobbyists and elites with unprecedented access . These special interests can afford to pay $ 5,000 a plate for politicians ' fund-raising breakfasts , or for such things as ski trips , pheasant hunts and luxury golf tournaments . This access shapes the issues that members of Congress care about . It inevitably promotes a "  pay to play " government that leaves other citizens out in the cold and makes the public increasingly cynical that elections matter . What are the steps we must take to restore our political process to one determined by "  we the people " ? Public financing of campaigns would restore the political voice of small contributors and the belief that the votes and voice of ordinary Americans count . Last week , Rep. John Sarbanes , D-Maryland , and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , introduced "  government by the people " legislation that will empower "  we the people " as small donors to fight back against big money in politics . With a "  Freedom from Influence Fund , " financed by closing corporate tax loopholes , the bill would give small donors a $ 25 refundable tax credit , and match contributions of $ 150 or less at a rate of 6 to 1 . This effort is similar to a public finance measure introduced in New York state , and other jurisdictions also are looking at this public financing model . Already 16 states , 500 municipalities and over 140 members of Congress are on record in support . While local and national advocates are driving key reforms , every citizen -- Democrats , independents and Republicans -- can help build the movement to get money out of politics by legally stamping messages like "  Not to be Used for Buying Elections " on their paper currency . On average , a dollar bill stays in circulation for approximately two and a half years and is seen by 875 people . So as more stamped bills enter the marketplace , we can create a massive visual demonstration of support for reforms -- support that our elected representatives will no longer be able to ignore . If we care about a truly representative government and political process , one that engages and encourages the electorate to participate , then we must take action to get big money out of politics . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ben Cohen and Larry Cohen .	Ben Cohen , Larry Cohen : 2014 elections will see huge campaign donations , spending They say Citizens United ruling helped open gates to flood of outside spending to sway vote They say citizens now think corporations , super PACs control democracy Cohens : Public financing of campaigns would restore voice , trust of Americans
Barcelona  Mashable  -- Did n't we tell you that the lines between smartphones and tablets are blurred ? Case in point : the Asus Fonepad , a 7-inch tablet that 's also a phone . Beware : the Fonepad is a completely different device than the PadFone Infinity . There 's no smartphone-becomes-tablet witchery here ; the Fonepad is a 7-inch tablet , powered by Android 4.1 and sporting a 3G chip . You can use it to make calls , although we do n't think a 7-inch device is ideal for the task . The Fonepad looks pretty much exactly like Google 's Nexus 7 , which is hardly surprising since Asus makes that device as well . However , the Fonepad is very different from most other Android tablets in a one important way : it 's powered by the new Intel Atom Z2420 processor  for comparison , the Nexus 7 is powered by ARM 's Cortex-A9 CPU  . More from Mobile World Congress : Future of mobile is virtual reality , says Android Intel vice president Hermann Eul claims the processor "  delivers the power , performance and flexibility required to accommodate a range of devices and market needs . " However , the actual CPU model in the Fonepad is a single-core Atom clocked to 1.2 GHz , which does n't inspire confidence . With our short time with the Fonepad , we 've tested Eul 's claim , and we can say that the Fonepad feels snappy , on par with other tablets of its size of the iOS and Android variety . Other specs include a 1280x800 7-inch IPS screen , 8/16GB of storage  expandable via SD memory cards  , and a 3-megapixel camera that can record 720p video . All of that is crammed into a case that weighs 340g and is 10.4 mm thick . The device will be available from March 2013 , with prices starting at    219  $ 286  for the 8GB version . How do you like the Fonepad ? Would you buy an Intel-powered Android tablet ? Share your thoughts in the comments .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Presenting : the Asus Fonepad , a 7-inch tablet that 's also a phone The Android-powered device features a new Intel Atom processor , and claims superior specs to Google 's Nexus 7 The device is released March 2013 , with prices starting at $ 286
CNN  -- The United Nations has launched humanitarian plans worth $ 1.5 billion to help ease the suffering of millions of Syrians both inside and outside the country . More than 525,000 Syrians have already crossed into neighboring countries , the United Nations announced Wednesday , and it estimated that more than a million will flee in the next six months . The body believes that a quarter of Syria 's population needs food , shelter , medical attention , hygiene materials , clothes and other relief after enduring nearly two years of war . Read more : Syrian VP calls for ` historic settlement , ' national unity government The United Nations is also asking for more than $ 520 million in additional aid , anticipating that the situation will only get worse in 2013 . That amount , officials believe , will help contribute to aid for an estimated 4 million people inside Syria who urgently need help . The number of residents suffering has quadrupled from 1 million in March 2012 to 4 million in December , the United Nations reported Wednesday . Many have fled . Between 2,000 and 3,000 refugees are crossing into Turkey , Jordan , Lebanon and Iraq every day , according to the United Nations . Plans to help Syria have changed much over the past several months , which is "  indicative of the rapid developments on the ground and the dramatically deteriorating humanitarian situation in the country , " said Radhouane Nouicer , the regional humanitarian coordinator for Syria with the United Nations . "  The magnitude of this humanitarian crisis is indisputable . " Read more : Refugee figures fail to give true picture of Syria crisis The aid announcement comes on the same day that one of the United Nations ' outreach groups told reporters that about 100,000 Palestinians have fled a large refugee camp in the Syrian capital of Damascus due to government airstrikes and fighting there . By daybreak Wednesday , 1,092 refugees from the Yarmouk camp had crossed into Lebanon through the Masnaa border crossing , seeking refuge with relatives in Palestinian camps in Bekaa , Sidon and Beirut . Yamouk camp spokesman Abu Mohammed , who supports the Free Syrian Army 's cause of unseating President Bashar al-Assad , told CNN that the Palestinian people at the camp are not fighting in the war . "  The camp was supposed to be a safe haven , " he said . "  This was created as a safe zone for refugees . No one can find anywhere else to go . " He said non-stop shelling on the Yarmouk camp has forced tens of thousands to flee , but Mohammed estimates 100,000 remain . "  You have 100,000 people trapped under mortar shelling surrounded by a large Syrian Army presence . This could be a true massacre , " he said . He called on the international community for help . But a Palestinian politician whose group is believed to support Assad said the Free Syrian Army and its affiliates are responsible for injecting the refugees into the conflict . "  The Yarmouk camp was safe business as usual until the last few weeks , when the FSA started shelling the camp from outside , " said Hussam Arafat , of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine General Command . "  They were clashing and firing mortars on the Syrian army , which was based on the outskirts of the camp ... Then they managed to control the camp after a bloody battle with the Syrian army . " Life is dangerous even for the elite in Syria these days . Interior Minister Mohammed Shaar was admitted to the American University Hospital in Beirut on Wednesday for treatment for injuries sustained when his ministry building was bombed last week , the official Lebanese news agency NNA reported Wednesday . "  Minister Shaar is in a stable condition , sustaining burns and shrapnel and will not need surgery ... He needs observation and treatment , " one of the doctors who treated Shaar told NNA . Other Wednesday developments At least 161 people were killed across Syria Wednesday , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a Syria-based opposition activist network . Of those deaths , 67 occurred in Damascus and its suburbs , and 50 occurred in Aleppo . At least 40 people were killed and dozens were wounded by a car bomb that exploded in Aleppo 's Marjeh neighborhood , the LCC said . The Damascus suburb of Deir Al-Asafir endured fierce shelling from rocket launchers , according to the LCC . The FSA downed a war plane in Hama , the LCC said In Homs , Assad 's forces raided university residences near Shamas village and arrested students , the LCC said . CNN 's Ivan Watson in Istanbul , Salma Abdelaziz in Atlanta , and Kareem Khadder in Jerusalem contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 161 people killed across Syria Wednesday , according to rebel group United Nations : A quarter of Syria 's population needs food , water , shelter , medical care The U.N. is seeking more than $ 520 million in additional aid saying things are likely to worse Syria has been in the midst of war since March 2011 that pits rebels against al-Assad 's forces
CNN  -- It was a frigid June night at Pickstone Mine in Zimbabwe when 67-year-old Angela Campbell -- soaking wet , her arm broken and a gun to her head -- signed a document vowing to give up the fight for her family 's farm . Angela Campbell , 67 , was beaten and kidnapped days after Zimbabwe 's runoff election . The kidnappers demanding her signature at gunpoint were "  war veterans " from President Robert Mugabe 's heyday as a liberation hero , and they made it clear that her refusal would mean more beatings . Though Campbell signed the document , her son-in-law said she has no intention of giving up her battle ; Campbell 's family will be in Windhoek , Namibia , on Wednesday to present arguments to a Southern African Development Community tribunal . In pursuing the case , the Campbells and 77 fellow Zimbabwean farmers are risking theft , torture and death for what may be their only remaining chance to save the homes and farms so coveted by Mugabe and his loyalists . Mugabe blames the West for his nation 's soaring inflation and poverty . But analysts say Mugabe 's 2000 "  resettlement " policy , in which property was snatched from white farmers and redistributed to landless blacks , is more to blame for the country 's turmoil . Watch a report from the time of the Campbell attack " "  All I want to see is justice , " said Richard Etheredge , 72 , a white farmer who was evicted from his farm last month . "  The world can not carry on with criminals . " On June 15 , Etheredge , who has joined the case , and his family received word that a Zimbabwean senator planned to take over his Chegutu farm , a process known as "  jambanja . " "  We 're going to murder you if we catch you , " Etheredge recalls an assailant yelling from outside his son 's house two days later . The senator bused "  criminals " to his property , Etheredge said . Etheredge , his wife and one of his twin sons escaped , but the other twin and Etheredge 's daughter-in-law were later beaten , he said . Looters stole his computers , farm equipment , antiques , custom gun collection and a safe with billions in Zimbabwean currency  hundreds of thousands in U.S. dollars  . Etheredge said he watched the thieves abscond with his possessions in vehicles belonging to the senator . The looters also caused about $ 1 million in damage to his property , which includes three houses and a fruit-packing plant that was once among the most sophisticated in southern Africa . The Etheredges have been farming for 17 years and , before the attack , were producing 400,000 cartons of navel oranges and kumquats a year , he said . "  The destruction is absolutely incredible , " Etheredge said . Mugabe 's cronies visited the adjacent Mount Carmel farm about two weeks later , just days after Mugabe won a majority of votes in a runoff denounced as a "  sham " by the international community . Watch how violence persists after the election " Like the Etheredges , Mike and Angela Campbell were warned that Mugabe loyalists , members of his Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front , were planning to invade their farm . The government had given the 1,200-hectare  2,965-acre  tract to a Zanu-PF spokesman who also served as Mugabe 's biographer , according to the Campbells ' son-in-law , Ben Freeth . Two nuns went to Mount Carmel on June 26 , the day before the runoff , wanting to buy sweet potatoes , Freeth said . But their quest for tubers was a ruse ; they actually wanted to tell Freeth that Zanu-PF members were planning to raid the Campbell land , where the Campbells and Freeth and his wife , Laura , live . On June 29 , Freeth received a phone call : "  War veterans , " as the clans of pro-Mugabe thugs call themselves , were heading to his in-laws ' house . Laura and her brother , Bruce , gathered their children . Laura fled with the children through a fence on the northern boundary of Mount Carmel farm , Freeth said . Freeth jumped in his car and sped 1 1/2 kilometers to the Campbell house . "  These guys had already arrived , and they started shooting at me as soon as I drove through the gate , " he said . The bullets missed , but one of the war veterans hurled a rock through the driver 's side window , smashing Freeth 's right eye shut . "  They dragged me out of the vehicle and began beating me over the head with rifle butts , " Freeth said . The men tied up Freeth , he said , and took him to where his in-laws were lying bound on the gravel outside their home . Angela Campbell was still conscious . The men had caught her on her way to feed a calf . They had beaten her and broken her upper arm in two places , Freeth said . Mike Campbell was in bad shape , "  just groaning on the ground ; in fact , he remembers nothing . " The heavily armed men threw the three in the back of Mike Campbell 's Toyota Prado truck , and "  the next nine hours were quite a nightmare , " Freeth said . Freeth and the Campbells were driven about 50 kilometers  31 miles  to Pickstone Mine . Their captors stopped at a dairy farm on the way and killed a white farmer 's dogs , Freeth said . Night had fallen by the time they arrived at the mine to find about 60 men in Zanu-PF regalia waiting for them . "  They were pointing guns at us the whole time , telling us they were going to kill us , " Freeth said . Freeth and the Campbells were doused with cold water and left "  shivering in the dust on the ground , " Freeth said . They received more beatings , and Freeth said one of their captors thrashed the bottom of his feet with a shambock , a whip made of hippopotamus hide . It was during this time that their captors made Angela sign a document promising to drop the case scheduled this week before the tribunal . Mike Campbell moved in and out of consciousness , as Ben and Angela prayed -- not for their lives , but for their captors . Freeth said he had never understood Luke 6:28 -- "  Bless those who curse you " -- until that moment , and a "  supernatural " peace came over him . Freeth told God , "  If I 'm going to be with you today , then I 'm ready . " It was almost midnight when Freeth and the Campbells -- still bound -- were tossed in the back of the Prado . They bounced around the sport-utility vehicle as their captors drove 30 kilometers down a craggy dirt road to Kadoma , where they were dumped in the streets . "  I managed to walk toward a light and knocked on the door of a house and used the phone to phone my wife , " Freeth said . The Campbells were released from the hospital last week . Both remain weak and still bear considerable scrapes and bruises . Angela has a pin in her arm . Mike , 75 , suffered four broken ribs , a broken collarbone and a dislocated finger . Mike is recovering just enough to sit up , and "  he can walk a few paces , " Freeth said Monday , complaining that his hands were "  still tingly " from being bound so tightly . The hospital released Freeth at the weekend after neurosurgeons had to drill a 4-centimeter  1 1/2 - inch  hole in his skull to relieve pressure from a hematoma stemming from the rock and rifle-butt blows to the head . One thing not battered is the farmers ' resolve to remain on the land that the Campbells have owned for 34 years . "  We intend to be there on Wednesday , and we just hope for an outcome that is good for everyone , an outcome for justice , " Freeth said of the hearing , which is slated to last through Friday . Freeth said he believes that the tribunal will carry more clout with Mugabe than do Western nations and the African and European unions . Many of its member nations are led by Mugabe 's contemporaries , and Mugabe is aware that his status as an African hero is waning , he said . "  I think it means a lot to him whether SADC is going to isolate him or continue to support him , " Freeth said . "  Once we get to the SADC tribunal and we get a judgment and it 's basically binding in black and white , it 's going to be difficult for Mugabe to say , ` We 're abiding by our own law . ' It 's going to be very difficult for him to defend what he 's doing . "	Farmers kidnapped , beaten days after election for challenging land confiscation Dozens of farmers appeal to 14-nation tribunal for relief from Zimbabwe land grabs Ben Freeth recalls being beaten with a shambock , a whip made of hippo hide Mike and Angela Campbell -- 75 and 67 -- still recovering from June beating
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Diego Fernandez de Cevallos , a prominent Mexican politician kidnapped in May , was released and back at his home Monday . "  I am fine , thanks to God . I am strong and my life will continue to be the same , " he told the crush of reporters gathered outside of his home in Mexico City . "  As a man of faith , I have already forgiven them , " Fernandez de Cevallos said about his kidnappers . "  But as a citizen , I believe the authorities have a job to do . " Fernandez de Cevallos , a former senator and congressman and a close ally of Mexican President Felipe Calderon , disappeared on May 14 near his ranch in the state of Queretaro in central Mexico . Blood and other signs of a struggle were found , police said . Federal prosecutors had been investigating the case but later backed off at the request of the ex-senator 's family members . Sporting a white beard , Fernandez de Cevallos seemed thin and much older Monday than in previous public appearances . He was a presidential candidate in 1994 . He belongs to the same political party as Calderon , leading some officials to speculate that he may have been abducted by narcotraffickers . More than 30,000 people have been killed since Calderon declared war on the drug cartels shortly after taking office in December 2006 . Fernandez de Cevallos ' conservative politics also have led others to speculate that leftist guerrillas may have abducted him .	NEW : Diego Fernandez de Cevallos : "  I am strong " He is back at his home Fernandez de Cevallos was abducted on May 14 ; it is unclear who kidnapped him or why
A provocative bake sale designed to satirize affirmative action resulted in no fisticuffs Tuesday , but it did prompt a sellout of 300 cupcakes and some heated debate at the University of California at Berkeley , the bake sale organizer said . "  The biggest thing is that no violence broke out . There was no physical situation , which is really great , " Berkeley College Republicans President Shawn Lewis said Tuesday afternoon , as the bake sale was nearing an end . "  We sold out of cupcakes , and I think we have some  of the 200  cookies left , " Lewis told CNN . "  Beside from selling cupcakes , there was a lot of conversations between people , " Lewis said . "  There were some aggressive people who came up with angry things to say , but there was no violence . " In light of recent threats made against supporters of the group , college Republicans from several other California universities showed up by the carloads and volunteered to help staff the event , held on a campus plaza , Lewis said . The flagship campus of the University of California system was the state epicenter Tuesday in the debate over affirmative action and college admissions . On one side , the Berkeley College Republicans hosted their "  Increase Diversity Bake Sale " -- a satirical event that charged customers different prices based on race and gender . Yards away , Berkeley 's student government -- the Associated Students of the University of California -- hosted a phone bank in support of SB 185 , state legislation that would allow California universities to consider race , gender , ethnicity and national origin during the admissions process . Neither side backed down . During the sale , scheduled from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. , baked goods were sold to white men for $ 2 , Asian men for $ 1.50 , Latino men for $ 1 , black men for 75 cents and Native American men for 25 cents . All women received 25 cents off those prices . "  We agree that the event is inherently racist , but that is the point , " Lewis wrote in response to upheaval over the bake sale . "  It is no more racist than giving an individual an advantage in college admissions based solely on their race  or  gender . " ASUC President Vishalli Loomba said many students who attended a community meeting Monday night expressed disgust that the bake sale would take place . "  As a woman of color , when I first saw the event , I was appalled someone would post something like this on the Internet -- not only a different pay structure , but also to rank the races , " she said . "  It trivializes the struggles that people have been through and their histories . " Lewis said he agreed a ranking system for races is n't fair -- not for bake sales , and not in other aspects of life . "  The purpose of the pricing structure ... is to cause people to disagree with this kind of preferential treatment , " Lewis said . "  We want people to say no race is above another race , or no race is below another one . Why put one over the other ? Why rank them that way ? " Before the sale , Lewis said his group would n't enforce the price list . "  If a white guy comes up and says , ' I want the price from an African-American female , ' we absolutely give him that price , " he said . There can be complications with self-identifying a race -- especially if a person is multiracial , Lewis said . Events similar to the Berkeley bake sale have taken place at other colleges across the country , generally organized by college Republican groups . In some cases -- such as at Berkeley -- the plan sparked controversy and protests . Other times , university officials stepped in . At Bucknell University in Pennsylvania , officials shut down a similar bake sale on campus . Officials at The College of William and Mary in Virginia cut off a cookie sale , saying they were "  shocked and appalled . " The University of California , Irvine , shut down a bake sale on campus , saying it was discriminatory . And a bake sale at Southern Methodist University in Texas was shut down after 45 minutes because of what officials called an "  unsafe environment , " according to local reports . Loomba , Berkeley 's student government president , said she is concerned about students potentially feeling ostracized due to the bake sale . "  I have heard that from numerous students who have said this makes students feel unwelcome on campus , " she said . "  For that reason alone , we should think about what events we have on campus . " Lewis said the bake sale at Berkeley was unanimously agreed upon by the club , whose leadership includes Asian and Hispanic students and whose membership represents a "  wide variety of ethnic backgrounds . " "  More than half of the voices were female , " he added . Berkeley 's student government held an emergency senate meeting Sunday to discuss the issue and passed a resolution that , in part , "  condemns the use of discrimination whether it is in satire or in seriousness by any student group . " "  I completely support the idea of BCR -- or any students on campus --  having  political discussion , " Loomba said . "  I think student members of BCR have a full right to express their feelings , but I do n't necessarily think this tactic is constructive . " As for where the bake sale proceeds will go , Lewis said the College Republicans are considering several charities . But "  because of all this controversy , we do n't want to advertise the organization , " he said . "  We do n't want to cause them problems . "	No problems occur at satirical bake sale -- just hot debate , organizer says Bake sale lampooned a bill that would allow race and gender to be considered in admissions Group leader : "  We agree that the event is inherently racist , but that is the point " Berkeley 's student government countered with a call-in supporting the bill , SB 185
CNN  -- A powerful storm including a lightning strike in the launch pad area caused minor damage to the space shuttle Endeavour , a NASA official said Thursday . Continuing bad weather has prevented further inspection of the shuttle scheduled to launch on its final mission on April 19 , said Allard Beutel , a spokesman at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center . The storm Wednesday included a wind gust of 90 miles per hour at launch pad 39A , as well as a lightning strike "  inside the pad perimeter , " Beutel said . "  We did n't take a direct strike on the pad , " Beutel said . "  Anytime you get that much electricity inside the perimeter you have to check things . " NASA officials so far know of minor damage to insulation foam at the top of the shuttle 's external fuel tank , according to Beutel , who said a full assessment of damage wo n't be possible until further inspections take place . NASA says the storm that included high winds , lightning and hail blew in at about 5:20 p.m. Wednesday . "  No one was injured and initially no obvious damage was observed . The storm moved through the area quickly , " said a NASA news release Wednesday . Endeavour is scheduled to blast off to the International Space Station on April 19 . The space shuttle 's six astronauts are at the Kennedy Space Center for their launch dress rehearsal .	NEW : NASA official says the storm caused minor damage to Endeavour The storm blew in at about 5:20 p.m. Wednesday Space shuttle Endeavour is scheduled to launch on April 19 for its final flight
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Our resident coach and technical expert Chris Meadows has plenty of experience in the sport and has worked with some of the biggest names in golf . Chris has worked with more than 100,000 golfers throughout his career . Growing up beside Nick Faldo , Meadows learned that success in golf comes through developing a clear understanding of , and being committed to , your objective . A dedicated coach from an early age , he soon realized his gift was the development of others . Meadows simple and holistic approach to learning has been personally shared with more than 100,000 golfers in a career spanning three decades . Many of his instructional books have become best-sellers , his career recently being recognized by the Professional Golfers ' Association when he was made an Advanced Fellow of the PGA . Chris has been Living Golf 's resident golf expert since 2003 .	Chris Meadows has worked with some of golf 's big names He has personally coached more than 100,000 golfers Chris was made an Advanced Fellow of the PGA
CNN  -- The son of an Iranian woman facing imprisonment and possible execution by stoning has been told that Iranian authorities will contact him about his mother 's case Thursday , a human rights activist said Sunday . Mina Ahadi , chairwoman of the International Committee Against Stoning and Execution , said authorities contacted the son of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani on Sunday . They did not specify the nature of the information he would receive on Thursday . Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006 , and was originally sentenced to death by stoning . Iranian authorities say the sentence has been put on hold , but there have been no reports as to whether a new sentence has been imposed . The 43-year-old mother of two is reportedly still being held held in Tabriz prison . Iran 's judiciary could reinstate her sentence of death by stoning , execute her by another means , or possibly even grant her a reprieve , according to human rights groups . Ashtiani 's attorney , Mohammad Mostafaei , told CNN earlier this month that his client confessed to the crime after being subjected to 99 lashes . He said she later recanted the confession and denied any wrongdoing . Mostafaei has gone into hiding since last weekend after being interrogated by Iranian authorities , human rights groups say . Advocates and Mostafaei say his wife and brother-in-law are being held by Iranian authorities . A letter believed to be written by Mostafaei was posted on the Internet on Saturday , calling for the release of his relatives . The lawyer says he has cooperated with interrogators , and says his wife and brother-in-law are victims of of "  hostage taking . " Mostafaei said he and his family are innocent of any wrongdoing . CNN 's Gena Somra contributed to this report .	Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006 Iranian authorities say the sentence has been put on hold There have been no reports on whether a new sentence has been imposed
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Those extra service fees tacked on to concert ticket prices -- long a source of grumbling by ticket buyers -- will disappear for millions of seats sold by the largest U.S. concert promoter this summer . Live Nation is awaiting government approval of a merger with giant Ticketmaster . Live Nation launches "  No Service Fee Wednesdays " this week for lawn seats at amphitheaters , removing extra fees from 5 million lawn seats for shows at amphitheaters across the United States . Live Nation insisted that the promotion was about selling more tickets and helping music fans hit by hard times , not improving public relations while it waits for government approval of its merger with Ticketmaster . But the promotion could soothe some bad feelings . "  People get a little ticked off when they think they 're paying $ 20 for a ticket and as they progress along the various pages of the electronic transaction , they see more fees added a long the way , " said Ray Waddell , who writes about live music tours for Billboard magazine . Live Nation will waive fees on lawn seats for 24 hours , beginning at midnight Tuesday local time and lasting through Wednesday . Lawn seat tickets available this week include concerts by Aerosmith , Blink-182 , Coldplay , No Doubt , Nickelback , Depeche Mode , Toby Keith , Brad Paisley and many others , Live Nation said . Other shows coming later in the summer include Crosby Stills & Nash , Crue Fest 2 , Def Leppard with Poison and Cheap Trick , Jason Mraz , Kid Rock & Lynyrd Skynyrd , Incubus , New Kids on the Block , Nine Inch Nails and Jane 's Addiction , Phish , the Dead , Rascall Flats with Darius Rucker , the Allman Brothers Band , the Fray and the Killers . "  They 're sacrificing quite a lot of revenue here , " Waddell said He estimated that fees add up to about a third of the average price for lawn seats . The economic recession has not seemed to slow the live concert business , which "  considering everything else , is going like gangbusters , " he said . "  It looks like it could be a really strong year , " he said . "  People want to go to shows . They want to hear music . " Every tour offers some type of promotion , he said , including a lot of $ 10 lawn seats . "  This is a business that 's pretty flexible when it needs to be , " he said . Live Nation began selling tickets to its own concerts only last year , just months before announcing plans to merge with Ticketmaster , the world 's largest ticket-seller . Before that , Live Nation promoted shows but had no infrastructure to sell tickets , and it contracted out to Ticketmaster or others to sell them . The Ticketmaster-Live Nation merger plan has drawn criticism . The Justice Department launched an investigation of the proposed merger in February . Neither Live Nation nor Ticketmaster executives would respond to questions about the merger . However , Ticketmaster CEO Irving Azoff did talk about it before a U.S. Senate subcommittee earlier this year . The merger "  will give us greater flexibility in how we promote , market and sell tickets to events , " he said . "  It will give us a pathway to alternative pricing and fee structures . And we will be better able to develop new and innovative products and services that enhance the fan experience and make all forms of entertainment more accessible to everyone . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Live Nation 's "  No Service Fee Wednesdays " applies to 5 million seats Promotion could soothe feathers ruffled by Ticketmaster merger It applies to shows such as No Doubt , the Dead , Jason Mraz , Nine Inch Nails
Dhanusha , Nepal  CNN  At Kathmandu 's Tribhuvan International Airport , hundreds of migrant workers line up daily at the immigration counters , clutching newly printed passports and boarding passes . Many of them , though , are clueless as to where they 're headed . As a frequent traveler to the country , I 've been approached many times by these men , asking me to help fill out their departure forms . Usually , when I ask what country they 're traveling to , I get the same answer : "  I 'm not sure . " They seem weary and lost but still hopeful that they can make their lives better . This time , however , I 'm at the airport to follow up on the repatriation of the most unfortunate of these migrant workers -- far too many of them make the return journey in caskets . Almost every day , the remains of three or four workers arrive back in Nepal from the Middle East , according to Bhola Prasad Siwakoti , the secretary of the Nepalese Ministry of Labor and Manpower . Every other day , at least one dead body arrives from Qatar , he said . "  Nepali migrant workers have the lowest per capita income in Qatar , " says Suryanath Mishra , who served as ambassador to Qatar from 2007 to 2012 . "  They get exploited the most out of all the migrant workers . " He cites lack of education and technical skills as the main causes . We are waiting for the body of Kishun Das , who left Nepal for Qatar only eight months ago . The 38-year old was his family 's breadwinner and the father of five children . His younger brother , Bishun , is at the airport to receive the body . He also works in Qatar and is in Nepal on leave . I ask him why he 's alone . "  We do n't have money to bring other family members to receive the body , " he says . "  But they have been calling me every other minute asking for the update . " His phone rings . "  I 'm at the administration filling out the paperwork . " he tells the caller on his phone . "  No , he is n't getting any compensation . " With more than 350,000 migrant workers , Nepalis make up the second-biggest community in Qatar , after Indians , the embassy in Qatar claims . When contacted about the deaths of foreign workers in Qatar , a spokesman for the labor ministry said that all workers deserve to be protected against exploitation . Saad Al-Mraikhi estimated that some 400 Indian and Nepalese workers die each year in Qatar . "  It is desperately unfortunate that any worker should die overseas , in a foreign land , away from their family , " the spokesman said . "  But it would be wrong , we believe , to allow the statistics to be consistently distorted to suggest that all deaths in a population of 1.5 million people are apparently the result of workplace conditions , either directly or indirectly , which is the prevailing and erroneous narrative . " Al-Mraikhi spoke about recent changes in his country , including the introduction of a wage protection system , improved living conditions and increased penalties for companies that violate rules . "  While the vast majority of workers in Qatar are fairly treated , we recognise that a minority are not . That is why we are reforming labour laws and practices , " he said in a statement . As we wait at the airport , a Qatar Airways plane lands . At 7:40 pm , it is the last of three that depart and arrive every day . Before Qatar won the right to stage the FIFA World Cup in 2022 and embarked on a hugely ambitious , holistic construction plan to support it , it was a single flight a day . Hundreds of passengers disembark from the plane . "  They are mostly migrant workers returning home , " an airport official tells us . We spot a cargo worker transporting a bright red box carrying the body of Kishun . Even in a country where even a fight between two stray dogs can gather a sizable crowd , coffin arrivals do n't seem to attract many spectators . The scene has become all too common . The coffin is loaded on to a jeep provided for free by the Nepali government . We follow it on the journey to the family 's village in Dhanusha district , a seven-hour drive from Kathmandu . "  Normally , vehicles are not allowed to drive on this highway after 8 p.m. because of the dangerous condition of some of the roads at night , but since I 'm carrying a coffin , the police let me go , " the driver of the jeep tells us . The Nepali government has eight vehicles designated to deliver coffins . They 're kept busy . "  They call me the coffin guy , " the driver says with a dark smirk . At around 1 a.m. , we stop at a roadside shack . All of us eat except for Das ' brother . "  I 'm mourning . For religious purposes , I need to remain pure . So , I ca n't eat anything , " he says . I see him buying alcohol shortly after . "  I 'm too stressed because of my brother 's death . I need to comfort myself . " Back in Qatar , where alcohol is banned , he and his friends manage to fulfill their needs courtesy of the local black market , he tells us . "  It  the alcohol  is of very poor quality , but that is our only option , " he adds . Even before we arrive at the village just at the break of dawn , we hear the howling . Dozens of villagers have already gathered at Das ' home . His father cries out in agony , "  Hey Lord , what have you done ? " Then he faints . All the family members shout at the coffin . The wailing and shouting is almost deafening . And it goes on for hours . As a journalist working in South Asia , I have seen a lot of desperation and misery . But the screeching was so intense ; it 's something I will never forget . "  He alone was taking care of his parents and his family . How will they survive now ? " a villager asks . Most of the spectators are women . Most of the men from the village have gone to the Middle East to work . The few who are left behind start preparing for his cremation . Mishra , the former ambassador , says 55 % of Nepali migrant workers deaths in Qatar are from "  sudden " cardiac arrest , 20 % die from work-related accidents , 15 % from traffic accidents and an alarming 10 % commit suicide . Nepali government records show more than 290 workers have died in the Gulf state in the past 420 days . Put another way , two Nepali workers die in Qatar every three days . These are young men dying in the prime of their life . "  The cause of deaths needs to be investigated properly , and urgently , " Mishra says . "  In general , it is due to tension led by exploitation , adverse climate , poor working and living conditions and alcoholic intoxication . " In Das ' village , almost all the men we meet have spent time working in the Middle East . Many had recently returned from Qatar . They tell stories of hardship and of the deaths of their co-workers . Time and again , none of them seems to be convinced with investigations into their friends ' and compatriots ' deaths . And again , amongst the keening and wailing of his distraught family , no one is sure how Kishun Das , brought back home in a red coffin along hazardous roads , met his end in Qatar .	A spokesman for the Qatari labor ministry details recent changes to the law Each week , the bodies of dozens of migrant workers are repatriated to Nepal The body of one man , Kishun Das , is returned home as his family mourns
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon moved closer Wednesday to its next military trial on the U.S. Navy base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , for the suspected ringleader of the deadly bombing of the USS Cole . Saudi-born former millionaire Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri is charged with the 2000 bombing in the Yemeni port of Aden that killed 17 sailors , wounded dozens and crippled the warship . The "  referral of charges " by the Defense Department Military Commissions unit sets in motion a chain of events that will lead to the appointment of a military officer as the trial judge in the case and a meeting of the judge , prosecutors and defense lawyers in coming weeks . The arraignment will take place within 30 days . A statement from the Defense Department said the charges against al-Nashiri allege that he was in charge of planning the attack , which took place October 12 , 2000 . "  The convening authority referred the charges to a capital military commission , meaning that if convicted , al-Nashiri could be sentenced to death , " the Defense Department statement said . The news release also mentions charges against al-Nashiri related to an attempted attack on the USS The Sullivans in Yemen in January 2000 and an attack on a French tanker in 2002 that resulted in the death of one crew member . One of al-Nashiri 's civilian defense lawyers said his legal team was disappointed in the government action . "  We are disappointed the United States will now descend further down the path of expedient and secret justice that military commissions have come to represent , " Rick Kammen said in an e-mail . "  We 're not talking about a constitutionally adequate trial , and we are disappointed that the U. S. government will use the constitutionally inadequate military commissions process to seek the death penalty against Mr. al-Nashiri , " Kammen wrote . He added that the decision to move forward with the case "  regrettably confirms to the world that the United States intends to render second-class justice to the men imprisoned in Guantanamo . " Earlier , lawyers for al-Nashiri argued that his waterboarding and other mistreatment while in U.S. custody and delays in his case should have forced the government to drop any plans for a military trial that could end in a death sentence . "  By torturing Mr. al-Nashiri and subjecting him to cruel , inhumane and degrading treatment , the United States has forfeited its right to try him and certainly to kill him , " the brief said . "  Through the infliction of physical and psychological abuse , the government has essentially already killed the man it seized almost 10 years ago . " Al-Nashiri 's legal team , comprising military and civilian lawyers , made the arguments to the "  convening authority " of the military court , retired Vice Adm. Bruce MacDonald . The commission was brought into existence by President George W. Bush and overhauled by President Barack Obama . In legal papers obtained by CNN , al-Nashiri 's lawyers presented details of their client 's treatment , saying that , in addition to subjecting their client to waterboarding , his questioners revved a power drill by his ear and chambered a round in a handgun , all while he was naked and hooded . "  The government has admitted to waterboarding Mr. al-Nashiri and subjecting him to verbal and physical threats to his life and threats to the safety of his family , " the brief says . "  Both set of acts constitute torture . " If it goes to trial , the case will be the first full prosecution under the military commission system . It is seen as the latest fine-tuning of the system before the military commission moves ahead with prosecution of other terrorist suspects , especially the four men accused of plotting the September 11 attacks . The American Civil Liberties Union issued a news release restating its "  concerns about the inherent unfairness of the military commissions . " "  Unlike federal courts , military commissions have unfairly lax rules for allowing evidence , except when it comes to torture -- the commissions may admit coerced testimony , while evidence of the torture that produced it can be censored , " said Denny LeBoeuf , director of the ACLU Capital Punishment Project . This latest step for the Guantanamo detainee comes as the new chief prosecutor for military commissions , Army Brig. Gen. Mark Martins , is taking over . Martins was first in his class at West Point , was a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford and graduated magna cum laude from Harvard Law . He will have the chance to put his stamp on the job amid renewed scrutiny of both the military trials and the Guantanamo Navy Base detention facilities . In a recent Weekly Standard profile , Martins is portrayed as the man the administration hopes will bring new credibility and legitimacy to the system . He has powerful friends , including his former commander , Gen. David Petraeus , now CIA director . Petraeus gave Martins the job of cleaning up the military detention and interrogation system in Afghanistan , and Martins delivered . In an effort to polish the reputation of the military commission system , both inside the United States and internationally , Martins may push for greater transparency of the process . He could roll out a plan the Pentagon has been working on for months to provide closed-circuit television transmissions of the military proceedings to victims , families and journalists in the United States . There would be a "  kill " switch in the control room to wipe out the audio in case any national security secrets were blurted out in the courtroom . Al-Nashiri is one of 171 detainees remaining at Guantanamo .	The man suspect of being behind the attack on the USS Cole will go on trial The formal "  referral of charges " is the first step in the military commission process His attorneys and the ACLU criticize the decision to use a military commission
CNN  -- Two-time world footballer of the year Ronaldinho has joined Flamengo on a four-year contract , the Brazilian club confirmed on Tuesday . The 30-year-old , whose star has fallen since being named the planet 's best player in 2004 and 2005 while with Spanish club Barcelona , has left Italian league leaders AC Milan with six months left to run on his contract . The fee was not disclosed . The Brazilian forward fell down the pecking order at Milan following the arrival of compatriot Robinho , Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic and , most recently , Italian bad-boy Antonio Cassano . He has stated that he wants to win back his international place back for when his nation hosts the 2014 World Cup , and initially had been expected to rejoin his hometown club Gremio , with Flamengo and Palmeiras also interested . English Premier League club Blackburn also made an ambitious offer to sign the former Paris Saint Germain player . "  We are pleased to announce the hiring of Ronaldinho for the next four years , " Flamengo president Patricia Amorim told the club 's official website . "  I thank the board for the discretion and wisdom throughout the negotiations . "  This project started from the first day I got the presidency . I thank the legal department to  head coach Wanderley  Luxemburgo and especially the fans of Flamengo . " Milan , who like Flamengo play in red and black colors , confirmed Ronaldinho 's departure after 18 months at the San Siro with a farewell statement on the club 's website . Milan : Ronaldinho returning to Brazil "  The club thanks the player for his excellent performances and wishes him success and satisfaction for the next chapter of his career , " it said . "  Ronaldinho is about to begin a new adventure , continuing to put on the red and black colors , but from now on it 'll be a shirt with horizontal stripes . " The main Brazilian league kicks off again in May , with 2009 champions Flamengo seeking to bounce back after a disappointing 14th-place finish last year . AC Milan have allowed United States defender Oguchi Onyewu to join Dutch champions Twente until the end of this season . The 28-year-old , who has not played for Milan this campaign , reunites with his former Standard Liege coach Michel Preud ` homme . English superstar David Beckham began training with Tottenham on Tuesday , with the English Premier League club still hopeful of resurrecting his loan deal despite apparently calling it off on Sunday . The 35-year-old midfielder 's American club LA Galaxy want him back by February 10 ahead of the new MLS season . "  There is nothing at the moment , but we will see what happens , who knows ? " Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp told Sky Sports . Tottenham 's English rivals unveiled Bosnia striker Edin Dzeko on Tuesday , having completed his reported $ 42 million move from German club Wolfsburg last Friday . "  I decided to come here because I saw something else in Manchester City , " he told reporters , before aiming a dig at the club 's local rivals United . "  It is a big club with big ambition and I am an ambitious player . "  I know this is a big project . Manchester City are a very good team . They have a very good coach . And I have heard a lot about the fans . I have also heard that most of the people from Manchester are Manchester City fans . " German league leaders Borussia Dortmund have retained goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller after the 30-year-old extended his contract until mid-2014 .	Flamengo announce the signing of former Brazil international Ronaldinho The 30-year-old leaves Italian leaders AC Milan to pen a contract until 2015 He had been courted by hometown club Gremio , Palmeiras and Blackburn LA Galaxy 's David Beckham begins his training stint with English club Tottenham
CNN  -- This month on Inside the Middle East -- Zain Verjee hosts from Doha , Qatar . Art Treasures Revealed Ancient art finds a modern home in Doha at the Museum of Islamic Art as it celebrates its first anniversary . From jewelry to textiles to ceramics and metal work , the galleries host an unparalleled collection of artifacts spanning the 7th to the 19th centuries , from Spain to China . The minimal Arabesque cubism design of the building was done by award-winning architect I.M. Pei , famed for his Pyramid at Paris ' Louvre Museum . Schams Elwazer takes us inside Doha 's cultural landmark . Campus Forum -- University students share their thoughts In a region where 60 percent of the population is under 30-years-old , IME is going to universities to gauge the pulse on campuses and to speak to tomorrow 's business and industry leaders . On this edition we visit the Virginia Commonwealth University in Qatar and ask design students about their passions , concerns , identity issues , and what it means to be young in the Middle East today . On campus we also catch up with an industry leader -- architect and humanitarian entrepreneur Cameron Sinclair of Architecture for Humanity and hear his message of global action to young design students . Your IME Diary We report from on the ground in Mecca , Saudi Arabia where millions of Muslims gathered for the annual Hajj pilgrimage followed by the celebrations of Eid Al-Adha . Qatar launched the first annual World Innovation Summit for Education  WISE  , hoping to become the educational equivalent of the World Economic Forum , aiming to "  create a new international multi-disciplinary platform to shape education models of the 21st century . " In the UAE , the Abu Dhabi Art exhibit brought famous names to its galleries while the Dubai World Championship brought golf stars to its greens . You can watch Inside the Middle East at the following times in December : Wednesday 2 December : 0830 , 1430 , Saturday 5 December 0830 , 1700 , 2030 , Sunday 6 December 0530 , 1530 , Monday 7 December 0300  all times GMT	Discover treasures from across the Islamic world at the Doha museum Find out what is on the minds of university students in the Middle East IME reports from Mecca as millions celebrate the Hajj and Eid Al-Adha
CNN  -- Pakistani troops launched a ground offensive against militants in the capital of the country 's North Waziristan area Monday , starting a new phase of a 16-day fight that has seen more than 450,000 people flee the area . Troops killed at least 15 militants as the army raided homes in the area 's capital , Miranshah , the country 's military said . This is the first major ground offensive in Miranshah since Pakistan began what was primarily an airstrike campaign against anti-government fighters in North Waziristan and other restive parts of Pakistan 's loosely governed tribal areas . The offensive , which started on June 15 , is meant to "  finish off " militants in the area near the Afghanistan border "  once and for all , " Defense Minister Khawaja Asif told CNN this month . The Pakistani Taliban are among the targets . The tribal areas in northwestern Pakistan are a base for anti-government militants , including those with the Islamist Haqqani movement . More than 376 militants have been killed and 61 suspected militant hideouts have been destroyed in the campaign , the army said . Three Pakistani troops were injured in Monday 's raids in Miranshah , the army said . Hundreds of thousands of people have fled their homes to camps in Pakistan 's nearby Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province since the campaign began , the country 's National Disaster Management Authority said . About 466,000 people , including 197,013 children , have registered at checkpoints , the agency said . Rations , including food and cooking oil , are being given to the civilians at the camps , the army said . Opinion : Exodus from Pakistan 's troubled north presents risks , opportunities	Troops kill at least 15 militants in North Waziristan 's capital , the military says More than 450,000 people have fled area since the campaign began on June 15 376 insurgents have been killed in 16 days of fighting , Pakistan 's army says The Pakistani Taliban are among the targets
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard on Thursday is searching for two fishermen missing after a commercial fishing vessel went down in remote , treacherous waters off the Aleutian Islands about 1,400 miles southwest of Anchorage , Alaska . The fishing vessel Courageous helps search for missing men in waters off Alaska . Four of the boat 's crew members were rescued and five bodies retrieved Wednesday near the Amchitka Pass , a strait that connects the Bering Sea to the Pacific Ocean . The names have been withheld pending the notification of families , a Coast Guard statement said . "  What can you say ? " said Jeff DeBell , chief financial officer of Katmai Fisheries , which owned the boat . He told The Associated Press , "  We are devastated by what has happened . We are elated there have been survivors . We are just terribly saddened by the ones that are dead and are praying that those that are still in the water are alive . " The Seattle-based company told the AP the survivors were Capt. Henry Blake and crew members Guy Schroeder , Adam Foster and Harold Attling . The search began at about 1 a.m. Wednesday when the Coast Guard received an emergency signal from the Katmai , a 93-foot fishing vessel that had been battling 50-knot winds and nearly 20-foot waves . The signal originated from a wall-mounted satellite positioning device on the Katmai that reacts when it 's touched or splashed with water , Coast Guard Petty Officer Levi Read said . Watch a "  Deadliest Catch " captain talk about what may have happened on the rough seas " At about that time , another vessel , the Blue Balard , sent an e-mail to the Coast Guard saying that it received a message from the Katmai that water was flooding its rear compartment . The message also said that the vessel had lost steering . The Coast Guard tried to e-mail the Balard back but received no response , likely because the seas are remote and Internet access can be spotty , Read said . Rescuers launched a C-130 , a long-range surveillance aircraft , and went straight to the scene twice Wednesday morning , Read said . The boat was nowhere in sight , but the C-130 did spot two strobe lights on top of the water , he said . By this time , the weather was treacherous and the sky was darkening , according to Read . The C-130 , having found no signs of life , dropped two life rafts and headed back , he said . On the second trip , at 11 a.m. , the C-130 and a Jayhawk helicopter found two strobe lights floating in the water , one attached to a survival suit and the other to the emergency device that had first alerted the Coast Guard , Read said . They also found a body , he said . "  We knew the person was from the Katmai because the suit he was wearing had the name of the vessel on it , " Read said . Roughly five hours later , the Coast Guard spotted four men on a life raft , all wearing survival suits . With the assistance of other vessels , the Courageous and the Patricia Lee , the bodies of four other men were recovered from the water , all wearing survival suits , Read said . The odds of someone surviving the frigid waters off Alaska 's Aleutian Islands is minimal , said Read . Crews usually have survival suits that allow water to seep inside but have a mechanism that traps body heat . The search for the two remaining men began at 9:30 a.m. Alaska time Thursday , an hour before sunrise there . "  You just could n't do anything earlier , " Read said . "  It 's darker the farther out you go , and they are really , really out there . "	NEW : Survivors identified as Henry Blake , Guy Schroeder , Adam Foster , Harold Attling Four fishermen rescued after boat goes missing in Alaska waters Five bodies have been recovered ; search is under way for two other fishermen The Katmai , a 93-foot fish vessel , has n't been found , officials say
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A man suspected of killing his grandmother and setting her body on fire was returned to Los Angeles , California , after being arrested in Mexico , authorities said Wednesday . Joseph Ettima , 25 , is suspected of murdering his grandmother and burning her body . Joseph Elias George Ettima , 25 , was arrested in the Mexican state of Chiapas on Monday , said Bert Tapia , supervisory deputy for the U.S. Marshal 's Pacific Southwest Regional Fugitive Task Force . He was brought back to Los Angeles late Tuesday night . "  He was homeless , " Tapia said . "  Did n't have much with him , did n't have any identification . " Ettima initially claimed to be from Belize , Tapia said . When authorities were unable to verify that , he then said he was Nigerian . But officials were able to determine he was actually from California , where he was sought in the January 19 death of his 69-year-old grandmother , Emma Hardwick-Street , in the Orange County town of Los Alamitos . After allegedly killing Hardwick-Street , authorities believe Ettima set fire to her body and house to cover up the crime before fleeing . "  The crime is particularly heinous in that two young children were in the home at the time of the murder and witnessed the event , " according to a U.S. Marshal 's statement . Two of Hardwick-Street 's grandchildren , ages 8 and 3 , were present at the time of her slaying , according to Los Alamitos police . The 8-year-old was Ettima 's younger brother , according to the U.S. Marshals wanted poster on Ettima . Police are not releasing how Hardwick-Street died , said Los Alamitos Police Capt. Bruce McAlpine . CNN affiliate KTLA reported she was stabbed . Twelve people were initially displaced by the fire in Hardwick-Street 's apartment building , police said . According to the U.S. Marshals ' wanted poster on Ettima , the suspect 's 8-year-old brother witnessed the slaying . A 3-year-old girl was also present , according to the Orange County Register . Authorities said Ettima had recently been paroled from prison and had "  a long criminal history of violence with weapons . " The history includes robbery , weapons possession , manufacturing of weapons and indecent exposure , according to a February statement from U.S. Marshals . Los Alamitos police asked the U.S. Marshals task force for assistance the day after Hardwick-Street was killed , and the federal authorities put Ettima on their 15 Most Wanted fugitives list in February . U.S. Marshals , working with Los Alamitos police and Mexican authorities , were able to match Ettima 's description to that of the man in custody in Mexico , authorities said . In addition to the homicide charge , Ettima was wanted on charges of robbery , arson , child endangerment and parole violation . "  Ettima has a long history of violence , and his latest crime demonstrates a callous disregard for human life that is unimaginable , " said John F. Clark , director of the U.S. Marshals Service , in the Wednesday statement . "  Capturing him was one of our highest priorities . " Ettima 's arrest "  is the first step in bringing justice to the victim and those affected by this brutal crime , " said Los Alamitos Police Chief Todd Mattern . "  Ettima 's capture provides a sense of security to the community and brings closure to the victim 's family . " Nearly 110,000 fugitive felons were apprehended last year by U.S. Marshals task forces , nine of them from the agency 's 15 Most Wanted List , the statement said . Four were arrested in Mexico .	Joseph Elias George Ettima , 25 , was arrested by authorities in Mexico Ettima is accused of killing his 69-year-old grandmother and then burning her body Two children witnessed the slaying in January in Los Alamitos , California Los Alamitos Police Chief says the capture provides a "  sense of security "
CNN  -- A suspect in the disappearance of a 3-year-old Missouri girl last seen riding her bicycle was in custody Saturday , authorities announced . Authorities were searching for Breeann Rodriguez 's body and bicycle in an undisclosed area in Dunklin County , the Senath Police Department and Dunklin County Sheriff 's Office said in a statement . The unnamed suspect is from the area and is not related to the family , according to the statement . He was being held at the Dunklin County Justice Center , pending formal charges . "  There have been hundreds of tips from the public but it was a thorough investigation that led to the suspect , " officials said . They would not comment further Saturday morning , saying the Dunklin County Prosecutor 's Office will release more information after the suspect is formally charged . Police said Thursday that they 'd found two training wheels similar to those on a pink bike ridden by Breeann before she went missing . Senath police Chief Omar Karnes described the training wheels as "  items of interest . " The girl was last seen riding August 6 with her brother in front of their home in Senath . The city , which has about 1,800 residents according to the U.S. Census Bureau , is in southeast Missouri 's "  bootheel " about 40 miles northeast of Jonesboro , Arkansas , and 90 miles north of Memphis , Tennessee . A $ 45,000 reward -- $ 25,000 from the FBI and $ 20,000 from the Senath Marshal 's office -- was offered for information leading to Breeann 's recovery and the prosecution of those responsible . Authorities said they were no longer interested in tracking down a white cargo van that had been seen in the area days ahead of Breeann 's disappearance . Digital billboards with the girl 's picture have been displayed in Jonesboro and Cape Girardeau , Missouri , about 100 miles north of where she went missing . CNN 's Divina Mims contributed to this report .	Breeann Rodriguez was last seen riding her bicycle outside her house Authorities say they found training wheels believed to be from her bike A $ 45,000 reward was offered
CNN  -- The transitional government of Guinea-Bissau said its forces killed six people amid an attack on the barracks of an elite military unit near the capital 's airport . The transitional authorities , which took power in the West African nation after military commanders overthrew the previous government in April , said they believed the attempt to seize control of the barracks on Saturday night was led by people loyal to the former prime minister Carlos Gomes Jr. . The government said the assault was a "  premeditated action aiming at destabilizing the legal order and whose main aim is to create a political situation where an international force in Guinea-Bissau could be justified . " Six attackers were killed in the fighting at the Para-Commando barracks , two were captured and an unspecified number remain at large , the government said . It added that one government soldier was wounded . Gomes Jr. and the former interim president Raimundo Pereira fled to Portugal after the generals ousted them in April on accusations they had agreed a "  secret deal " to let Angolan troops into the country to attack the military . The coup prompted international condemnation and calls for a return to civilian rule by the African Union , the United Nations and Western powers . Guinea-Bissau suspended from African Union The regional Economic Community of West African States brokered a deal to set up the current transitional government , which has until May to organize presidential and legislative elections . The regional body agreed to deploy about 600 peacekeeping troops in Guinea-Bissau to monitor the transition and replace the Angolan soldiers that were in the country . Angola had said its military personnel were there to help reform the Guinea-Bissau armed and security forces . Coups and coup attempts have taken place repeatedly in Guinea-Bissau since it won independence from Portugal in 1974 . To date , no democratically elected president of the country has served a full five-year term . Pereira became interim president after the January death of incumbent Malam Bacai Sanha after a long illness . Sanha had become president in September 2009 after the assassination of his predecessor , Joao Bernardo Vieira . Guinea-Bissau is a small coastal nation of about 1.6 million people sandwiched between Senegal and Guinea . TIME : Guinea-Bissau : How cocaine transformed a tiny nation	Two attackers are captured and others remain at large , authorities say The transitional government blames forces loyal to the former prime minister Military commanders ousted the previous government in April Coup and coup attempts have taken place repeatedly in Guinea-Bissau
CNN  An Amnesty International report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women 's rights activists in Afghanistan . The report , entitled "  Their Lives on the Line , " examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women 's rights not only by the Taliban and tribal warlords , but also by government officials . Its publication is timely . The brutal murder of Farkhunda , a young woman in Afghanistan , whose body was burnt and callously chucked into a river in Kabul , shocked the world . Accused of burning pages from the Muslim holy book , the Quran , many protested the 27-year-old 's innocence . But what also made international headlines was the fact that for the first time in history , women in Afghanistan became pallbearers , hoisting the victim 's coffin on their shoulders draped with headscarves , under the gazes of men ; unreservedly sobbing and shouting messages of women 's solidarity as they marched along the streets . In a country ranked in 2011 by a Thomson Reuters Foundation poll as the most dangerous place in the world for women , this feminist act seemed perilous . Latest figures suggest they were risking their lives to be heard . In 2013 , the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan  UNAMA  released statistics that showed the number of women killed in the country had increased by 20 % from the previous year , although the number of civilian victims had decreased , said Amnesty in the report . The Special Representative of the U.N. Secretary-General in Afghanistan at the time , Jan Kubis , told the U.N. Security Council that "  the majority  of women killed  is linked to domestic violence , tradition , culture of the country . "  Women activists have been deliberately targeted . " And according to the human rights group , little support has come from those in power . "  The Afghan government has done very little to protect them , " Amnesty 's Afghanistan researcher , Horia Mosadiq , tells CNN . "  Perpetrators almost always walk free , and threats reported by women rights defenders are often simply ignored . "  Many women defenders we spoke to said that even when they received some protection from authorities , it was often significantly less than what male counterparts or colleagues were afforded . " During the attack on Farkhunda , "  many eyewitnesses have testified that police officers stood idly by while this woman was being lynched and killed , " says Mosadiq . Twenty-six people were arrested and thirteen police officials suspended in connection with the attack , but she argues that this is insufficient . "  Suspending police officers is not enough , those who failed in their duty must also be held to account -- anything less will just encourage further mob violence . " But what is striking is the resilience of the activists , who continue their work despite their lives being on the line . "  It was a remarkable moment , " says Mosadiq , recalling the female protesters at Farkhunda 's funeral . "  Unlike anything I have seen in my decades of campaigning for women 's rights in our country . " Selay Ghaffer , 32 , is a women 's rights activist and spokesperson for the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan -- a small but outspoken political party based in Kabul and twenty provinces that fights for issues such as democracy , social justice and women 's rights . The party was the first to be banned in the country for accusing Afghan leaders and commanders of war crimes and demanding that they be brought to justice . Taking part in Farkhunda 's funeral and protests against her death , she tells CNN that despite the onslaught of violence against Afghan women over the years , this was the worst case . But the opportunity was taken to deliver a clear message . "  So the women of Afghanistan showed that we will not keep silent anymore ... And we are not ready to accept more brutality and violence against women , " said Ghaffer . "  So this is why we decided to carry the dead body of Farkhunda on our own shoulders and show to the world that not only men can do it and somehow broke the traditionalism that  a  man has to do this job . " Surprisingly , she says that male onlookers supported their mission , although they are in the minority overall in the country . "  Men  at the funeral  , they said you have to do this , because this is how you can change the hatred in Afghanistan . "  Without men , it is not possible for women to get their rights , " she says . "  So these men and women were working together . But at the same time , women need to step forward for their rights . " Mosadiq says the fight for women 's rights was established a while ago . "  Women 's activism in Afghanistan is nothing new -- the women 's rights movement has grown substantially since 2001 , and has fought for and achieved some very significant gains . "  These gains are under threat now , however , and some are even rolled back . It 's essential that the government and its international partners do not allow this to happen . " Ghaffer herself has been subject to threats because of her work , received through emails and phone calls , at her home and office . But she says she knew what she was getting herself into . "  I knew it was n't an easy task . There might be many challenges and you have to lose your life when you are going and struggling for your rights . "  As a woman , I want to struggle more  for my rights  , I want to have more people around me , to struggle with me . " Mosadiq says it is too soon to talk about a revolution , although the response to Farkhunda 's killing , from both men and women , has been a "  silver lining . " Ghaffer , however , believes this is the beginning of an uprising -- but she says it needs to keep moving . Interestingly , it was a man in her life that motivated her to fight . "  I must say strongly that it was my father  who inspired me  , who is not any more with me , because he ... died three months ago , " she says . "  He always told me that women always suffered in this country , " she says , her voice overcome with emotion . "  And you have to struggle for your rights . Because in this traditional , patriarchal society , nobody will give these rights  to  you . " She realizes how lucky she is , she adds , in a society where she has witnessed men -- fathers and husbands -- oppressing women as opposed to being their role models . Ghaffer maintains that silence is an injustice to women , not least to the victim of the recent , horrific mob violence . "  So if I should not do it , if another sister is not doing it , then who will do it ? Who will get the rights for us ? We have to struggle for it . "  If we keep our silence , more Farkhundas will be killed in this country . "	An Amnesty International report calls for attacks on women 's rights activists in Afghanistan to be investigated The report examines the persecution of activists not only by the Taliban and tribal warlords , but also by government officials Some activists continue their work despite their lives being at risk
CNN  -- Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's ruling party paid the price for a weak economy in midterm elections as the opposition Revolutionary Institutional Party rolled to victories in the lower legislative house as well as state and local posts . Mexican President Felipe Calderon was n't on Sunday 's ballot and has three years left in his six-year term . With more than 99 percent of the votes counted , the PRI had 36.7 percent to 28 percent for Calderon 's National Action Party  PAN  , the state-run Notimex news agency reported Monday . The leftist Party of the Democratic Revolution  PRD  , which nearly won the 2006 presidential election , came in a distant third with 12.2 percent of the vote . In response to the defeat , PAN president German Martinez resigned from the top party post Monday . On the ballot were seats for 500 federal legislators , six governors and about 500 mayors and local legislators in 11 states . Though Calderon has three years left in his six-year term and was not on the ballot , analysts said Monday he was held responsible for Mexico 's problems amid the global economic downturn . "  He got a beating because of the economy , " said Ana Maria Salazar , a television and radio political commentator in Mexico City . "  The government in power pays for it , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue . Besides the economy , Calderon has had to face the consequences of a drug war he launched that has left more than 10,000 people dead since he came to office in December 2006 . He also had to deal with the H1N1 flu pandemic that first became known in Mexico this year . The PAN has the most seats in the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies , the lower house of Mexico 's Congress , but it does not have a majority in either . The party lost its lead in the lower house , as the PRI will hold more seats when the new delegates are seated in December . No seats were at stake in the Senate , which elects its members every six years . Calderon acknowledged the setback in a late-night address to the nation Sunday . "  The federal government recognizes the new composition of the Chamber of Deputies since it is a sovereign decision of the citizens . I congratulate who they have chosen , " Calderon said , adding he will work with the new representatives . He will have no choice but to work with the resurgent PRI , analysts said . But since the PAN did not have control of either house of Congress , Calderon has been compromising and making deals with the PRI and other parties since coming to power . "  I do n't think the job is much more difficult than it was at the outset , " Hakim said . "  It 's all a matter of degrees . Yeah , it will make it a little more difficult . But he has had to work through negotiation anyway . " Still , analysts said , the PRI now wields considerable more power . "  They 're in a position to run Congress , " said Andrew Selee , director of the Woodrow Wilson Center 's Mexico Institute . By forming temporary coalitions with the Green Party and other minor parties , the PRI can block presidential vetoes , Salazar said . "  They pretty much have control over the purse , " she said . Much more is at stake for the PRI though . After having held the presidency from 1929 to 2000 and then losing it to the PAN in the last two elections , the party is looking for a path back to power . Sunday 's results were particularly significant because the PRI finished third in the 2006 presidential election . "  The presidential campaign has started as of today , Monday , " Salazar said . Also significant was the PRD 's apparent collapse as a major party , considering it came within 1 percent of winning the presidency in 2006 . That race was so close that the results were not verified until a controversial decision two months later . Losing candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador refused to accept the results and announced himself the winner . Fistfights broke out in the Chamber of Deputies . The PRI drew away votes from the PRD in Sunday 's election , Hakim said , noting that may help Calderon because the PRD is Calderon 's main foe in Congress . Working with a larger PRI may be easier . But Selee said Calderon is on a deadline , until the 2012 presidential race really heats up . "  His window of opportunity is for the next year and half , " Selee said . "  The PRI wants to show that they can lead , that they 're a party of ideas . " No one knows if the PRI is up to the task . "  The big question is whether the PRI will look forward only to the presidential elections , " Hakim said . "  The PRI has to show that they 're responsible and capable of governing again . " To do so , the PRI has to make sure that internal fighting over who will run as the presidential candidate in three years does not paralyze the party . "  Do n't underestimate the ability of the PRI to cannibalize itself , " Salazar said . PRI leader Beatriz Paredes has emerged as a major power broker . As head of the party and newly elected member of the Chamber of Deputies , she will lead the PRI 's legislative efforts . That 's good for Calderon , Salazar said , because it will be "  much easier to negotiate with her than with other factions of the PRI . " But if the PAN and PRI ca n't agree , Selee said , "  there will be a breakdown of consensus politics . " Mexico 's leaders -- regardless of party affiliation -- also have to battle apparent disenchantment among everyday Mexicans . Voter participation Sunday was about 30 percent , officials said , but more 5 percent of those were people who "  annulled " their ballots . They turned in a ballot but did not vote for anyone or defaced the ballot . Their intent was to show that they cared enough to vote , just not for anyone on the ballot . "  It 's a repudiation of what is going on in Mexico in general , " Salazar said . Selee sees "  a general skepticism , " saying , "  Mexicans have tired of where things are going . "	NEW : German Martinez , president of PAN political party , resigns in aftermath Felipe Calderon 's party loses lead in Mexico 's lower house Mexican president held responsible for economic downturn , analysts say PRI has 36.8 percent of vote to 27.9 percent for Calderon 's PAN , news agency says
CNN  -- Prosecutors in Cambodia on Monday appealed the 30-year sentence handed down to a man who ran a notorious torture prison in the Southeast Asian nation where more than 14,000 people died under the 1970s Khmer Rouge regime . Some survivors had been angered by the sentence for Kaing Guek Eav , alias Duch , who was convicted of war crimes on July 26 . His prison term would have been about 19 years after the court took off 11 years for the time he has already served behind bars . "  The co-prosecutors are of the view that the judgment gives insufficient weight to the gravity of Duch 's crimes and his role and his willing participation in those crimes , " they said in a statement . "  At the same time , the co-prosecutors believe that undue weight is placed on any mitigating circumstances applicable to Duch . " The verdict -- which also convicted Duch of crimes against humanity , murder and torture -- sparked strong reactions as word spread outside the courtroom . Some said it made them lose faith in the U.N.-backed war crimes tribunal . "  It 's becoming a sham , " Cambodian-American Theary Seng , chairwoman of the Center for Justice and Reconciliation , said after the verdict . At least 1.7 million people -- nearly a quarter of Cambodia 's population -- died under the 1975-1979 Khmer Rouge regime from execution , disease , starvation and overwork , according to the Documentation Center of Cambodia . Duch , 67 , was the head of the S-21 prison . Few people brought to the prison made it out alive ; only about a dozen were found by the Vietnamese , who invaded Cambodia in 1979 . Prosecutors had initially sought a 40-year sentence . The judges ' first gave Duch 35 years , but took five years off that for the time he was illegally detained before the tribunal was established . Prosecutors said on Monday that the judgment failed "  to reflect the full extent of Duch 's criminal conduct " and he should be "  separately convicted of the crimes against humanity of enslavement , imprisonment , torture , rape , extermination , and other inhumane acts . These crimes should not have been subsumed into the crimes of persecution and torture . " Duch 's attorney , Kar Savuth , has not filed an appeal , according to the court 's press office . When contacted by CNN , he said he could not comment over the telephone . The judge , in announcing Duch 's sentence , said he took into consideration that the defendant had expressed remorse , admitted responsibility and cooperated with the court . The judge also took into account the "  coercive environment " of the Khmer Rouge , he said Duch pleaded guilty , but he said he was only following orders and asked for forgiveness . Last November , he asked to be freed after spending some 11 years in detention . In the last week of the trial , he argued that international law did not apply to him because he was following orders . The tribunal began its work in 2007 after a decade of on-and-off negotiations between the United Nations and Cambodia over the structure and functioning of the court . Duch 's verdict was the court 's first : Another four of the ultra-Maoist regime 's former leaders are waiting to see if they will stand trial before the U.N.-backed tribunal for war crimes and crimes against humanity . On Monday , the co-prosecutors filed a final submission in these cases and asked that the four be indicted and sent for trial , according to a statement from the prosecutors ' office . It 's not known when the court will make a decision .	The court has shaved off about 11 years from Duch 's sentence Survivors are angry at the UN tribunal 's decision Prosecutors : Judgment does not reflect full extent of Duch 's crimes He has not filed an appeal
CNN  -- George Clooney will soon be a brief part of "  Downton Abbey , " and for a good cause . A rep for the show 's UK network , ITV , says the actor will appear in a "  Downton " - related film made for ITV 's charity program , "  Text Santa . " The annual fund-raiser drums up support for six UK charities , including Alzheimer 's Society and Teenage Cancer Trust . No other details were provided regarding the special program , but ITV said that Clooney will not be in any episodes of the show . If he were , he 'd be among old friends . Clooney cast "  Downton Abbey 's " Hugh Bonneville  Robert Crawley  in his 2014 World War II film , "  The Monuments Men . " The fifth season of "  Downton Abbey " will premiere in the United States on PBS on January 4 . George Clooney lets wedding details slip	George Clooney will appear in a "  Downton Abbey " - related film The project is being created for charity program "  Text Santa " Clooney wo n't appear in any episodes of "  Downton Abbey "
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy has been reflecting on his meltdown at the Masters , after the 21-year-old squandered a four-stroke lead going into the final round at Augusta , eventually carding an eight-over-par 80 to finish 10 strokes behind winner Charl Schwartzel . Speaking to the official Masters website , the Northern Irishman said : "  I 'm very disappointed . "  I was leading this golf tournament with nine holes to go , and I just unraveled . Hit a bad tee shot on 10 , and then never really recovered . It 's going to be hard to take for a few days , but I 'll get over it . " McIlroy is not alone in crumbling on the back nine whilst leading the Masters and joins a famous list that includes great names such as Ben Hogan , Arnold Palmer , Scott Hoch and Greg Norman . Can McIlroy conquer mental minefield ? And McIlory admitted that when he missed the fairway on the 13th hole , he knew his Masters dream had died . "  I 'd knew that unless I birdied my way in , I realized I did n't have a chance , " McIlroy said . "  I realized that was it then . "  But this is my first experience at it and hopefully the next time I 'm in this position I 'll be able to handle it better . "  I did n't handle it particularly well obviously , but it was a character-building day , put it that way . I 'll come out stronger for it . " And , speaking on his Twitter feed , McIlroy quoted Muhammad Ali , saying : "  It 's repetition of affirmations that leads to belief -- and once that belief becomes a deep conviction , things begin to happen . " McIlory also received some words of encouragement from Schwartzel who said : "  Golf is a really funny game -- one moment you 're on top of it , the next moment it bites you . "  Rory is going to feel hurt . It 's not easy what he went through . He is such a phenomenal player and he will win one . "  The first just happens to be the toughest , and that may be the biggest lesson of all , " added the South African .	Rory McIlory has spoken about his final round heartbreak at the Masters The 21-year-old wasted a four-stroke lead to finish 10 shots behind Charl Schwartzel The Northern Irishman also quoted boxer Muhammad Ali on his Twitter page
London  CNN  Mohammed Emwazi : The world knows him better as "  Jihadi John , " the man whose masked face and British accented-taunts have featured in a series of brutal ISIS execution videos . But many of those who grew up with him have told the UK media that remember Emwazi altogether differently : as the typical "  boy next door , " a popular kid who loved football , pop music and The Simpsons . A day after the long-standing mystery behind Jihadi John 's identity was solved , clues to his past have begun to emerge -- but far from showing him as a violent extremist , they paint a picture of an ordinary child and teenager growing up in the British capital . Emwazi was born in Kuwait in 1988 , and moved to the UK with his parents , Jasem and Ghaneya , and sister at the age of six , according to CAGE , an advocacy group for those affected by terrorism investigations . The family settled down in west London ; Emwazi 's father is reported to have worked as a taxi driver , while his mother stayed at home to look after Emwazi and his siblings . He is reported to have attended St Mary Magdalene Church of England Primary School , in London 's Maida Vale ; a photograph published on the front pages of several British newspapers showed a smiling young boy in the school 's scarlet sweater uniform , surrounded by his classmates and teacher -- a far cry from the black-clad jihadi infamous around the world . When contacted by CNN , the school 's headteacher refused to comment . On its website , the school -- whose motto is "  believe , achieve and succeed together " -- proudly proclaims : "  We are a very inclusive , multicultural and diverse school , where many languages and religions reside happily under one roof . " A former classmate there told the Daily Mail newspaper that Emwazi was sporty and popular , but had initially struggled with English : "  He could only say a few words at first , like his name and where he was from . "  He played football every lunchtime and at the after-school football club . Through football , he learned different words and expressions . " The paper reported that , writing in a class yearbook aged 10 , Emwazi told of his love for pop group S Club 7 , The Simpsons , the shoot - 'em - up computer game Duke Nukem and -- like so many other British children -- listed his favourite food as chips . Another friend from St Mary Magdalene told radio station LBC : "  I used to go with him to that primary school ... I do remember him very well ... I was a year younger than him and he treated me as someone he used to teach . " The man , who was identified only as Mohammed , said the pair 's mothers had been "  very good friends " until three years ago when rumors began to circulate about Emwazi 's terror links . "  His mum used to sell gold and stuff like that to the local community . " Mohammed and another former classmate both said they have vivid memories of a painful injury sustained by the youngster when he was in the final year of primary school . "  In the playground ... He was just about to get into a fight and he was running away from someone ... another guy tried to block off his path . He had nowhere to go and he basically ran into the goalposts , hit his head onto a metal goalpost and fell to the floor , " Mohammed told LBC , adding that his friend missed two weeks of classes and "  he was not the same , ever since that brain injury . " Londoner Matt Seton wrote on Twitter that he went to school with Emwazi : "  He was a 12 year old kid ... I remember one -LSB- time -RSB- we were playing football and he smashed his head on the goalpost . Now he kills people for a living . " After leaving St Mary Magdalene , Emwazi is believed to have moved on to the Quintin Kynaston Academy in neighboring St. John 's Wood , whose alumni include singers Tulisa Contostavolos and Shola Ama ; his sister later became a prefect there . One of his classmates -- speaking on condition of anonymity -- told the Daily Telegraph newspaper he was a "  typical north-west London boy . " "  He seemed like a nice guy ... a down-to-earth person and humble . He liked football and he was friends with everyone . All the Indian boys , all the Pakistani boys , people from different religions , he spoke to everyone . " A neighbor of the Emwazi family told CNN he was a "  polite young man . " A former teacher told Britain 's Channel 4 News that Emwazi was "  a diligent hardworking lovely young man . Responsible , polite , quiet . He was everything that you 'd want a student to be . "  He was somebody who would always seek the correct way of handling something . He did things in the right way , " she insisted . "  There was never any indication of any violence at all . " The unidentified educator said her ex-pupil "  was religious ... and I think as he got older he did become more devout . He would go to the mosque on Fridays and pray but a lot of our kids did that . " Emwazi apparently did well enough at the school to go on to Westminster University in London ; he completed a degree in 2009 . Asim Qureshi , research director of CAGE , insists that the Mohammed Emwazi he knew was "  very kind , extremely gentle , -LSB- a -RSB- humble individual , who did n't have any self-importance about himself . " Intelligence services and terrorism experts are now piecing together just how he went from that to the infamous "  bogeyman " of ISIS -- something which continues to puzzle many of those who knew him as a boy . Opinion : Why ` Jihadi John ' is so worrying	ISIS executioner "  Jihadi John " unmasked as Mohammed Emwazi , a Kuwaiti-born Londoner Emwazi is believed to have attended a church-affiliated primary school Friends say he was a typical British youngster who loved football , pop music and The Simpsons
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A couple of years ago , Hollywood legend Kirk Douglas declared that it was time to undertake "  an audit of my life . " Now , at the age of 92 , he 's going public with the results . Kirk Douglas , now 92 , recently starred in a one-man show about his life and work . Douglas takes an unsparing look at his personal life and career in his one-man show , "  Before I Forget , " which just completed its run at a theater that bears his name in Culver City , California . Over the course of the 1 1/2 - hour show , he delved into his brushes with death  a helicopter-plane collision that claimed two lives , his suicidal thoughts after a stroke in 1994  ; the death of his youngest son , Eric  from an accidental drug overdose in 2004  ; his troubled relationship with a father who could never express his love for him ; and his key role in smashing the Hollywood blacklist of the 1950s . Douglas plans to turn the show into a TV special and DVD , with the proceeds benefiting the Motion Picture and Television Home , where he endowed a wing named for his father , Harry . He invited CNN to his home in Beverly Hills to discuss his show and what he 's learned about himself over the course of a life that began in 1916 in Amsterdam , New York , as Issur Danielovitch . Watch Douglas reflect on his life " Below is an edited version of his remarks . Kirk Douglas : All my life , I have taken inventory at intervals . For example , when I became a movie actor and suddenly I had to deal with fame , money and playing so many roles , I lost myself . I said , "  Who am I ? " And I wrote my first book to deal with that , "  The Ragman 's Son . " Then the next thing that happened : I was in a helicopter crash . We crashed into a small plane with two young people who were killed instantly . I fell to the ground , and I said , "  Why ? " I tried to find God , so I wrote a book , "  Climbing the Mountain . " Then the worst accident in my life happened with a tingling across my cheek , and then it developed into a stroke , and I could n't talk , and an actor who ca n't talk is a big problem . But then I wrote the book "  My Stroke of Luck " that helped me and helped a lot of other people . That was gratifying . After that , here I was , 92 years old , impediment in my speech , and was reflecting on my life , and people thought I would write another book , and I said no , I 'm going to do a one-man show . My friends laughed ; they thought it was a joke , but I did it . CNN : You are brutally honest in your show . Did you ever hesitate and think , "  this is too personal , and maybe I should n't do this ? " Douglas : Well , listen , I 'm an actor ; I have made my living by acting , and I almost think I owe it to the public to express my feelings and not as a character on a screen but as myself . CNN : What kind of reaction did you get from people ? Douglas : Well , so many people cried , and I thought , you know , it 's easy to make people cry , but it 's more important to make people laugh . ... Especially in this world today , if you do n't laugh , you cry . CNN : I was surprised at how much humor there was in the show . One of the lines that got laughs was when you described talking to an old actor friend of yours . You told him , "  I 'm doing a one-man show , " and he said ... Douglas : "  Is there any part in it for me ? " You know , actors are pathetic . We are desperate , you know , and an actor -- instead of like a writer , you can criticize their writing , an actor , you criticize him . It 's very personal . It makes you very vulnerable . CNN : You speak of a long life and of your brushes with death , and you say it in a humorous way in the show , like , "  does God hate me ? " Douglas : I have so many things that were happening to me : the stroke , the helicopter crash , a broken back , I broke two knees , then I thought maybe God is mad at me . CNN : But in all seriousness , did you take any of this as a message from above ? Douglas : Well , I do n't know . I have studied religion , and I have concluded that there is some power . We do n't understand it . Nobody really saw the Pearly Gates or hell . But I feel affected by nature . If I look at the trees , or the other day we got a bouquet of roses , and there were white roses tinted red , and I thought , "  How does that happen ? " So if you look at nature , you begin to think that there is some power behind everything . I do n't know what it is , and I do n't think anybody knows . You either have to believe that there is , or you do n't . CNN : You 've had a really interesting spiritual journey in your life , and you have explored your Judaism much more as you got older . Douglas : I studied Judaism a lot . I studied religion in general , and I have never imposed my Judaism on my kids . They are what they want to be . I think ... you must care for others . That 's the correct religion , I think . You have to learn eventually to care for other people . My mother said once to me -- and we were very poor -- but my mother said , "  A beggar must give something to another beggar who is worse off than he . " And that has stuck with me . ... If people give whatever they can give to help other people , we will solve all of the problems of the world . ... Being an actor is narcissistic , because you are the vehicle of the -LSB- character -RSB- , but lately as I mature I realize you have to help people . ... I think I 've been very lucky despite all of the accidents that I have had . ... I have a career that I 'm proud of , and I think I owe something to the world that I grew up in . CNN : You played a key role in breaking the Hollywood blacklist by giving screen credit to Dalton Trumbo in 1960 for writing "  Spartacus . " That 's something that you look back on with a great sense of pride . Douglas : That is the thing that I 'm most proud of , and I think it happened to me -LSB- at the right time -RSB- . I was young enough to be impulsive but mature enough to realize what I was doing . ... People would say , "  Hey , Kirk , are you crazy ? You 'll never work in Hollywood again . " You know , I did it , and it 's one thing that I will always be proud of . CNN : In the show , you talk very candidly about your relationship with your father and that yearning you had . Douglas : That moved a lot of people , and I did n't realize how many people identified with that . How many people did n't get the pat on the back that they wanted from their father ? Not only men , I have had women tell me that . Amazing . CNN : In the show , you also talk about the loss of your son Eric and how painful that was for you . Douglas : Of course the death of Eric , my youngest son , was a tragedy . Everyone has a tragedy of some sort in their life , but when you lose a loved one , you never get over it . People try to help you , but they have no clue . It 's always a sad part of your life , and you have to deal with it , after you get through the pain of thinking "  What did I do wrong ? " you know . You just have to accept it as part of life . CNN : I was intrigued by something you wrote in your most recent book , "  Let 's Face It . " You said , "  I like Issur more than I like Kirk Douglas . " Douglas : Issur was my original name , and as I say in my one-man show ... I have to remember that . Like childhood actors , they get you to change your name . Kirk Douglas was not the essence of what I am . Issur is what I am , and I think that that 's very important to remember . I like the fact that now lots of actors keep their ethnic names . ... You have to face reality , and I face reality by going back in my life to what I am . CNN : If you were an actor coming up now , would you have kept your given name ? Douglas : I would try to , yes , of course . ... If I were a ballet dancer , Issur Danielovitch would be a wonderful name .	Kirk Douglas , 92 , recently did one-man show , "  Before I Forget " Douglas is unflinching in looking at his career , his stroke , personal losses Douglas proud of breaking blacklist by getting Dalton Trumbo credit for "  Spartacus " Actor , born Issur Danielovitch , wishes he had been able to keep name
Warsaw , Poland  CNN  -- Poland 's Interim President Bronislaw Komorowski has won a runoff election against Jaroslaw Kaczynski , twin brother of former President Lech Kaczynski , who was killed in a plane crash in April . The Polish electoral commission said Monday that Komorowski garnered 53 percent of the vote versus Kaczynski 's 47 percent . Sunday 's ballot was required under Polish law after an earlier round of voting failed to give either candidate more than 50 percent of the vote . Both candidates addressed supporters in televised speeches from their campaign headquarters Sunday night , after exit polling showed Komorowski holding a slim lead . Kaczynski had congratulated his rival on exit poll results , but had not conceded victory . Komorowski said , "  I congratulate Poland and I thank you from the bottom of my heart for turning out to vote in such large numbers . " The president in Poland is primarily a ceremonial figure , but he has the power to veto laws , and thus helps shape politics . Kaczynski , once prime minister , is a divisive figure in Polish politics . His far-right Law and Justice party ran on a nationalist platform with the slogan , "  Poland comes first . " "  Poland has to be a strong country , otherwise it will not exist , " he said recently . "  I want to tell everyone here that as president I wo n't just be the head of state -- I will look after the strength of the Polish nation . " Komorowski is a moderate who ran for the center-right Civic Platform . "  We have been on this road for 21 years together , and we have been right , " Komorowski said on the campaign trail . "  We have been moving toward democracy and navigating our way in a free economy . " The former president , his wife and more than 90 others were killed April 10 in western Russia on their way to a service commemorating the 70th anniversary of the Russian massacre of Polish prisoners of war in the village of Katyn .	NEW : Interim President Bronislaw Komorowski wins runoff with 53 percent of vote Runoff election pitted Parliament Speaker Komorowski versus late president 's twin brother Komorowski is a moderate ; Kaczynski 's party is far-right
CNN  -- A Republican senator pleaded guilty earlier this month to a misdemeanor disorderly conduct charge stemming from his arrest at the Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport , according to state criminal records . Republican Sen. Larry Craig of Idaho was arrested in June at Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport . Roll Call newspaper reported Monday that Sen. Larry Craig of Idaho was apprehended June 11 by a plainclothes police officer investigating complaints of lewd behavior in an airport men 's room . Roll Call reports on the U.S. legislature . Craig denied any inappropriate conduct in a prepared statement , and said he now regrets his guilty plea . "  At the time of this incident , I complained to the police that they were misconstruing my actions . I was not involved in any inappropriate conduct , " he said . "  I should have had the advice of counsel in resolving this matter . In hindsight , I should not have pled guilty . I was trying to handle this matter myself quickly and expeditiously . " Congress is currently in recess , and Craig 's office said he was on vacation in Idaho with his family , with no public appearances scheduled . Craig , 62 , paid a $ 500 fine when he entered his guilty plea on August 8 in Hennepin County Municipal Court in Bloomington , Minnesota , according to state criminal records . CNN confirmed that Craig was sentenced to 10 days in jail but that sentence was stayed . Minnesota law defines disorderly conduct as brawling , disturbing a meeting or engaging in "  offensive , obscene , abusive , boisterous or noisy conduct . " According to Roll Call , the arresting officer alleged that Craig lingered outside a rest room stall where the officer was sitting , then entered the stall next door and blocked the door with his luggage . According to the arrest report cited by Roll Call , Craig tapped his right foot , which the officer said he recognized "  as a signal used by persons wishing to engage in lewd conduct . " The report alleges Craig then touched the officer 's foot with his foot and the senator "  proceeded to swipe his hand under the stall divider several times , " according to Roll Call . At that point , the officer said he put his police identification down by the floor so Craig could see it and informed the senator that he was under arrest , before any sexual contact took place . Idaho 's senior senator is married with three grown children and nine grandchildren . A former rancher , Craig was first elected to the Senate in 1990 , after serving a decade in the House . His seat is up for re-election in 2008 . Last fall , Craig 's office publicly denied assertions by Internet blogger Mike Rogers that the senator is gay . Craig 's office dismissed speculation about the senator 's sexuality as "  completely ridiculous . " In 1982 , Craig denied rumors that he was under investigation as part of a federal probe into allegations that lawmakers on Capitol Hill had sexual relationships with congressional pages , saying the "  false allegations " made him "  mad as hell . " He was never implicated in that investigation , which eventually led to ethics charges against two other congressmen . In recent years , Craig 's voting record has earned him top ratings from social conservative groups such as the American Family Association , Concerned Women for America and the Family Research Council . He has supported a federal constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage , telling his colleagues that it was "  important for us to stand up now and protect traditional marriage , which is under attack by a few unelected judges and litigious activists . " In 1996 , Craig also voted in favor of the Defense of Marriage Act , which denies federal recognition to same-sex marriages and prevents states from being forced to recognize the marriages of gay and lesbian couples legally performed in other states . Craig has also opposed expanding the federal hate crimes law to cover offenses motivated by anti-gay bias and , in 1996 , voted against a bill that would have outlawed employment discrimination based on sexual orientation , which failed by a single vote in the Senate . Craig has endorsed former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney in the 2008 presidential race . The senator was named in February , along with Sen. Robert Bennett of Utah , as Romney 's liaison to build support among GOP senators . Monday night , Romney 's presidential campaign announced Craig was stepping down . "  He did n't want to be a distraction , and we accept his decision , " the Romney campaign said in a statement . Access to a YouTube video in which Craig praised Romney was also blocked . E-mail to a friend	Republican Larry Craig was arrested at Minneapolis airport in June Arrest document reportedly alleges Craig signaled desire for "  lewd conduct " Craig denied any inappropriate conduct in a written statement Craig said he regrets pleading guilty to the misdemeanor
Washington  CNN  -- The estate of the late actress Anna Nicole Smith has lost a Supreme Court appeal in a longstanding fight to secure a share of her deceased husband 's fortune . The 5-4 ruling Thursday was the latest chapter in a tedious legal soap opera , over the kind of evidence a separate bankruptcy court may hear when deciding various claims and counterclaims . State courts generally hear probate cases , while bankruptcy proceedings are confined to federal courts . The high court 's 38-page decision will now likely put an end to this particular legal dispute . J. Howard Marshall was married to the much younger Smith , who is named in court papers as Vickie Lynn Marshall , for 14 months before he died in 1995 . His will left nearly all assets and trust to his son from a previous marriage , E. Pierce Marshall , and Smith received virtually nothing . She later sued , claiming her elderly husband promised to give her more than $ 300 million . The separate estate of Smith , who died more than three years ago , has been fighting for years to secure a share of the deceased Texas oilman 's fortune . At issue now in the probate dispute was the kind of evidence a separate bankruptcy court may hear when deciding various claims and counterclaims . In the court 's very narrow ruling on a very complex issue , Chief Justice John Roberts concluded , "  The -LSB- federal -RSB- bankruptcy court below lacked the constitutional authority to enter final judgment on a state law counterclaim that is not resolved in the process of ruling on a creditor 's proof of claim . " Translation : Smith 's estate lost . Court records shows she had already received about $ 7 million in cash and gifts during their brief union . In 2006 , the high court gave Smith a temporary victory when it allowed her to continue the legal fight , after earlier judicial setbacks . Smith 's appearance in the Supreme Court during the first oral arguments caused a minor media sensation , with cameras jockeying for position as she entered and left the building . Despite the colorful details contained in the legal briefs , the issue this time for the Supreme Court remained fairly pedestrian . The justices decided whether Smith 's estate received a proper hearing in federal courts , and whether state probate courts should be the proper venue for hearing such cases . The so-called "  probate exception " normally keeps federal courts from hearing such disputes , but there is no law mandating the hands-off approach . The high court tried to sort out what is a "  core " -- or essential -- issue in a bankruptcy proceeding . Smith had made several personal-injury allegations against Pierce Marshall -- who died in 2006 -- during the bitter bankruptcy hearings . Smith 's estate claims that it was a "  core " proceeding the judge should have been allowed to sort out and decide . Smith , a onetime Playboy and jeans model , reality TV star and diet company spokeswoman , went to both state and federal courts to press her claims . The Supreme Court did not delve into matters raised in past legal proceedings : whether document tampering happened , whether Smith was kept from her husband 's bedside as he was dying , and how the money should be divided . In dissent , Justice Stephen Breyer said the majority opinion would only create confusion for those filing bankruptcy claims . A total of 1.6 million such claims were filed last year , an ever-increasing trend . "  A constitutionally required game of jurisdictional ping-pong between courts would lead to inefficiency , increased cost , delay , and needless additional suffering among those faced with bankruptcy , " he said . He was supported by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Sonia Sotomayor , and Elena Kagan . The justices in their second hearing in the case in March did not mention either Smith or Pierce Marshall by name , or comment about the celebrity aspect of the dispute . The questions they posed at oral argument were on mundane issues tied to interpretation of bankruptcy law , a topic only some lawyers and judges would appreciate . Howard Marshall , a Yale-educated businessman , was 89 in 1994 when he married the then-26-year-old Texan . They had met a few years earlier at a strip club where she worked . Smith died of a drug overdose in 2007 , leaving behind a young daughter from a later relationship . That has created the unusual scenario of executors of competing estates fighting over still-frozen assets . State and federal courts have disagreed over the years on whether Smith should receive any part of the money . A U.S. bankruptcy judge initially awarded her $ 474 million , which later was reduced to about $ 90 million . A federal appeals court has since twice dismissed Smith 's case . A state probate court also dismissed her claims , saying Pierce Marshall was the sole heir . Leading the fight on behalf of Smith is Howard K. Stern , her attorney and onetime boyfriend . Stern was cleared of criminal charges by a judge earlier this year in Los Angeles . He had been accused conspiring to feed Smith 's drug addiction and using false names to obtain the drugs . He and two doctors charged as co-conspirators had denied wrongdoing . Pierce Marshall 's wife , Elaine , is the key party on the other side .	J. Howard Marshall left Smith virtually nothing She had sued saying he had promised her $ 300 million Smith died of a drug overdose in 2007
Chadian troops have rescued 85 Nigerians kidnapped last week by the Islamist terror group Boko Haram , security and human rights sources in Nigeria said Saturday . Dozens of Boko Haram insurgents stormed the Doron Baga fishing and farming village on the shores of Lake Chad late Sunday through Monday and took away 97 young men and boys plus several women , residents said . The raiders killed 28 residents and burned scores of homes , according to residents . The hostages were loaded onto motorboats and ferried into neighboring Chad , with residents saying they feared the hostages would be forcefully conscripted as foot soldiers . Chadian security officials reported intercepting a convoy of buses carrying 85 Nigerians " believed to have been kidnapped by Boko Haram terrorists from Baga , " a Nigerian security source said . "  The convoy being led by six Boko Haram gunmen was stopped on the Chadian part of the border along Lake Chad for routine checks and the huge number in the convoy raised suspicion , " said the source , who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak on the issue . An official of the National Human Rights Commission  NHRC  in Maiduguri confirmed the rescue of the 63 male and 22 female hostages . The source , who asked that his name not be used , said more than 30 hostages were still being held by Boko Haram . He said their captors sped off with them in motorboats when they spotted the convoy being questioned by Chadian soldiers . Boko Haram has been waging a five-year armed insurgency to create an Islamic state in northern Nigeria . The group has carried out series of abductions , including the April kidnapping of more than 200 schoolgirls from a boarding school in the town of Chibok . Boko Haram uses its hostages as conscripts and sex slaves , according to authorities . They say Boko Haram has killed more than 12,000 people and displaced more than half a million residents . Nigerian schoolgirl describes escape from Boko Haram The road to Boko Haram 's heartland	Islamist terror group abducted 97 people last week , security sources say Chadian security forces stopped a convoy along Lake Chad 85 of the hostages in the convoy were rescued , authorities said
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama is "  very concerned " about Greece 's economic crisis , sees mounting threats against the United States from non-state actors and wants to resolve the dispute with Russia over adoptions , he said in an interview released Saturday by the White House . "  I am very concerned about what 's happening in Europe , " Obama told the Russian television station Channel Rossiya in the wide-ranging interview , responding to a question about the Greek economic crisis . "  But I think it is an issue that the Europeans recognize is very serious , " he said . "  Greece is taking some very difficult measures -- at least they 've put forward a plan that calls for difficult measures . " This week , Greek lawmakers approved a package of budget-cutting measures to help the country 's battered economy -- measures that were required to meet the terms of a 110 billion euro  $ 140 billion  bailout . European Union leaders called for a "  stabilization mechanism " on Saturday in hopes of easing markets shaken by Greece 's economic crisis before they re-open Monday . Obama said the Greek crisis and the resulting global economic fallout point to a new breed of non-state-based threats facing the United States and other powerful nations . "  The real threats against Russian well-being or U.S. well-being to a large degree are at this point much more aligned than they 've ever been , " Obama said in the interview , which was taped Thursday at the White House . "  It has to do with non-state actors . "  It has to do with the proliferation of nuclear weapons . It has to do with environmental catastrophes . It has to do with an integrated economy in which if you see a crisis in Greece taking place , that can affect world markets . " Obama invoked terrorism as another of those threats . "  We just recently had an attempted terrorist act in New York , " he said , referring to the failed car bombing of Times Square last Saturday , "  and it 's a signal I think that whether these activities are happening in Moscow or they 're happening in New York , that countries have to work together to make sure that these terrorists are apprehended , that their networks are destroyed , that their sources of financing dry up . " Speaking about U.S.-Russia relations , Obama said he wants the U.S. Senate to ratify a major nuclear arms treaty between the United States and Russia before November 's midterm elections . President Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev signed the new Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty -- known as START -- in April . The agreement reduces the number of nuclear weapons held by the United States and Russia by about one-third , among other provisions . "  Our hope , " Obama said in the interview , is that the Senate "  will be able to review it quickly . " Speaking further about international nuclear arms reduction , Obama called North Korea and Iran "  two outliers " but said he 's "  very heartened " by other nations ' receptivity to his call for new sanctions on Iran over its nuclear program . Obama also said that U.S. and Russian officials are working toward an agreement regarding American adoptions of Russian children after an uproar last month over a Tennessee woman sending a 7-year-old Russian boy she adopted back to his home country . Russia said it was freezing American adoptions of Russian children after the incident , but a senior State Department official said this week that Russian authorities continue to approve U.S. adoptions . "  What happened with the small number of children who have been adversely affected is terrible , " Obama said . "  And we ca n't minimize what 's happened . " But Obama said that "  there have been tens of thousands of Russian children adopted by U.S. families . The overwhelming majority are leading happy , healthy lives . " "  We want to make sure that we preserve the best of the system while eliminating these abuses , " he said . Obama spoke in personal terms about his relationship with Medvedev , the Russian president . "  I 've been very impressed with him , " Obama said . "  I think he is a strong leader , a good man , very thoughtful . " "  I find it very easy to do business with him , and I think we 've established a relationship , a real trust that can be hopefully bearing fruit in the negotiations and conversations that we have in years to come . " Obama said that he had invited Medvedev to visit the United States in June and that he hoped the trip would showcase steps the United States and Russia are taking to strengthen economic ties between the two nations . "  It 's important to recognize that the whole concept of reset between U.S. and Russian relations is not just on issues of security , " Obama said . "  One of the things that President Medvedev and I have discussed is how can we really ramp up our commercial , our trade , our economic ties . "	President Obama troubled by Greece 's economic woes European Union leaders call for "  stabilization mechanism " to ease markets Obama seeks resolutions to nuclear arms treaty , adoption issues with Russia
Actor Shia LaBeouf has literally made an art of apologizing for a chain of ill deeds . He added a link to that chain late Thursday when , police said , he lit up a cigarette in a Broadway theater . The "  Transformers " actor was led away in handcuffs from a showing of "  Cabaret " at a theater at New York 's Studio 54 . He was drunk and had been disruptive in the theater , police said . On Friday , a tired-looking LaBeouf was silent as he left a Manhattan courtroom after being released on his own recognizance . Represented by a legal aid lawyer during his brief court appearance , the actor was formally charged with criminal trespass , disorderly conduct and harassment . In court , a prosecutor voiced concern about releasing LaBeouf without bail , but the defense lawyer noted the media buzz that his failure to appear for his July 24 court day would generate . The actor was surrounded by reporters and photographers for several blocks after leaving court . LaBeouf had been sitting in the audience at Studio 54 , CNN affiliate WABC reported , when he allegedly disrupted the show during the first act . A criminal complaint said he allegedly yelled "  loudly at the actors onstage " and refused to leave . As a police officer escorted the actor out of the theater , LeBeouf allegedly said , " "  F -- you . This is f -- ing bull -- . Do you know my life ? Do you know who the f -- I am ? Do you know who I am , " the complaint said . At the police precinct , the actor spat in the direction of the officer and cursed at him , according to prosecutors . LaBeouf was held overnight . Two women in the audience thought that LaBeouf 's outburst was an act , they told WABC . "  He was brilliant , " one said . "  I thought he was working on a role or something . " His alleged belligerence may have all been an act , just like the next apology the public can expect from him . In February , he started a performance art exhibit in Los Angeles titled #IAMSORRY , in which he apologizes for a litany of transgressions while he wears a paper bag over his head . He was also dressed for the role during Friday 's outburst , the two theatergoers said . He staggered around in a torn shirt with the cigarette and was mixing with the crowd . He walked up to a woman at the theater bar , fed her a strawberry by hand and tipped the bartender , they said . LaBeouf rose to fame at age 14 as the star of the Disney series "  Even Stevens . " He has stayed busy with regular movie and TV roles since the late 1980s , including starring in three "  Transformers " films . Of late , he has played in films with a more literary appeal , such as "  Nymphomaniac " and "  The Necessary Death of Charlie Countryman . " He co-stars with Brad Pitt in the upcoming movie "  Fury , " according to LaBeouf 's profile on the Internet Movie Database . Last year , LaBeouf , who has also written screenplays , was accused of plagiarizing another writer 's work .	Shia LaBeouf formally charged with criminal trespass , disorderly conduct , harassment He lit up a cigarette , disrupted a play , police say ; he was staggering , theatergoers say They say they thought he was putting on an act , studying for a new role LaBeouf has made an art of apologizing in an acting piece he calls #IAMSORRY
CNN  -- Lawmakers in Argentina have approved a gender identity law that allows individuals to be recognized in official documents by the gender they choose . Argentinians have the right to be treated in accordance with their own gender identity , and the government is required to recognize it as well , the law states . The law gained final approval from the Senate on Wednesday . "  It is understood that gender identity is the internal and individual way that a person experiences their gender , which may or may not correspond with the sex assigned at birth , " the law states . This means that people 18 or older in Argentina can go to a government office and change the gender listed on official documents if they choose . The law is meant to include people who undergo sex change operations or hormone treatments to look like the opposite sex , but it goes further than that . Those who dress , talk or have manners like someone of the opposite sex also qualify to have their documents changed to recognize their self-identity . A push for such a law began under the late President Nestor Kirchner , and the cause was taken up by his wife and presidential successor , Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner . "  The law  is a path toward equality , inclusion and recognition of rights for all Argentinians , " Vice President Amado Boudou said . "  Today is a day when thousands and thousands of Argentinians have new rights , without anyone else losing an ounce of their own rights . "	The law was passed by the Senate on Wednesday It gives Argentinians the right to identify their own gender They can change official documents to reflect their choice
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court will decide whether it is cruel and unusual punishment for young criminal offenders to be sentenced to life in prison with parole . Joe Sullivan , now 33 , was convicted of burglary and rape when he was 13 . He is serving life without parole . The justices agreed without comment Monday to accept appeals from two Florida inmates convicted as teenagers of criminal offenses . Oral arguments will be heard in the fall . One of the men is Joe Sullivan , 33 , serving a life term without the possibility of parole in a Florida prison while confined to a wheelchair . He was sentenced for a rape committed when he was 13 . The man 's lawyers say he is one of only two people his age in the world who was tried as an adult and sentenced to "  die in prison " for a non-homicide . The justices also accepted a case dealing with Terrance Graham , who was 17 when he took part in a violent home-invasion robbery while on parole for another felony . Outside a death-penalty context , the high court has offered little recent guidance on how to treat the youngest of underage criminal defendants . The appellate record for rapists younger than 15 is almost nonexistent , legal experts say . Child legal advocates say many states lack adequate resources to handle young inmates given long sentences , including a lack of proper jailhouse counseling . Few studies have been conducted on the psychological effects of young defendants facing life in prison at such a young age , said the Equal Justice Institute , which is representing Sullivan 's high court case . "  We have created a forgotten population with a lot of needs , " said Bryan Stevenson , Sullivan 's lawyer . The crime happened in 1989 , when , Sullivan admitted , he and two friends ransacked a home on Seabrook Street in West Pensacola . But he denied the prosecutor 's claim that he returned with a knife and sexually assaulted the 72-year-old female homeowner . An older co-defendant claimed that Sullivan was the rapist . After a daylong trial , Escambia County Circuit Judge Nicholas Geeker sentenced Sullivan to life without parole . "  I am going to try to send him away for as long as I can . He is beyond help , " the judge said . "  The juvenile system has been utterly incapable of doing anything with Mr. Sullivan . " Sullivan , who had a lengthy juvenile record , continues to deny that he committed the attack . At the time , state prosecutor Larry Kaden -- who retired this year -- said , "  It was a brutal crime , and he had an extensive record . This was a bad , bad crime . " The Florida attorney general 's office told the high court that prosecutors should have the discretion they have long been given to decide how harshly young criminals should be prosecuted . Sexual battery remains a crime punishable by life imprisonment in Florida . A study by the nonprofit Equal Justice Initiative found eight prisoners serving life terms for crimes committed at age 13 , all in the United States . Among them is another Florida inmate , Ian Manuel , who was 13 when convicted of attempted murder and robbery in 1990 . The Justice Department reports that no 13-year-old has been given life without parole for a non-homicide in a decade . And although about a thousand people under 15 are arrested for rape every year , none has been given life without parole since Sullivan . Only a handful of states -- including Alaska , Colorado , Kansas , New Mexico and Oregon -- prohibit sentencing minors to life without a chance for parole , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . The Equal Justice Initiative says 19 states have laws allowing the possibility of life without parole for those younger than 14 . In 2005 , the Supreme Court banned the death penalty for underage killers . The justices cited evolving "  national standards " as a reason to ban such executions . Sullivan is in deteriorating health from multiple sclerosis and is confined to "  close management " for dangerous or trouble-prone inmates , state corrections officials say . His lawyers admit that he has had more than a 100 incidents of fighting and threatening inmates and guards , plus having contraband and weapons , but they say Sullivan is the victim of bullying by other prisoners and is mentally disabled . "  It 's important for the criminal justice system to recognize that inmates like Joe -LSB- Sullivan -RSB- are going to change biologically , psychologically and emotionally as they grow up in prison , " Stevenson said . "  We should not assume it is a change for the worse . " The thrust of their argument before the high court is not that Sullivan is innocent or that he seeks his freedom now but that he deserves to someday make his case before the state parole board .	Justices will hear appeals of two Florida inmates sentenced as teens Joe Sullivan committed his crime at age 13 ; Terrance Graham was 17 Attorneys say life without parole is too harsh a punishment for young offenders
CNN  -- Remember your first road trip ? That sweet taste of independence as you were finally unleashed on America 's free and open highways ? For Pulitzer-winning automotive columnist Dan Neil , it was the day he turned 16 and passed his driving test . "  The minute I got my drivers license out of the laminator , I was on the road , " he recalled . "  I took the longest road trip I could take . " Neil pointed his Fiat 124 Spider convertible in the direction of the nearest city : Raleigh , North Carolina . "  I just had to go man , I just had to drive . I must have put 500 miles on that car that day . " Neil said he was part of a mindset that associated the automobile with freedom , mobility and self-determination . Then the excitement in Neil 's voice disappeared . "  That was in the mid-1970s , and the road system was a little bit different then . " Indeed it was . The days of America 's "  free " and open roads are gone -- or perhaps they never existed at all . Drivers often forget that they pay for highway construction and maintenance through federal fuel taxes : 18.4 cents per gallon for gasoline and 24.4 cents per gallon for diesel . "  The notion that the road has ever been free is sort of a self-delusion , " said Neil . Opinion : Five myths about the highway fuel tax But the fuel tax is running out of steam , experts warn , because more efficient vehicles are using less fuel and rising fuel prices discourage driving . As tax revenue falls , so does the nation 's ability to pay for road construction and maintenance . The solution , say many transportation experts , is to replace -- or supplement -- fuel taxes with a per-mile tax on every vehicle in America . Tax authorities might monitor each vehicle 's mileage by installing devices that would transmit data . Unlike a fuel tax , which is somewhat hidden in the price of fuel , a device that spends your money with each tick of the odometer would be a real buzz-kill for millions of road tripping Americans . "  It 's just like a speed limit or a toll road or any other kind of interference , " said Neil . "  It steps on that conception we have of ourselves as a people without borders or boundaries . You step on our ability to take to the open road . " The bottom line So , what kind of money are we talking about here ? Translated into dollars and cents , fuel taxes cost each vehicle owner about $ 250 a year on average . According to a University of Iowa study , paying that amount on a per-mile basis would come to about 1.6 cents per mile . Whether it is paid for through fuel taxes or taxing per-mile , it 's clear the federal highway fund is in trouble . By the end of 2012 , according to the Congressional Budget Office , the fund will "  be unable to meet its obligations in a timely manner " unless Congress injects even more life support from the general Treasury . During the next 20 years , projections show average vehicle fuel efficiency nearly doubling . Revenues from the fuel tax will be slashed by half , according to the Iowa study . Meanwhile , the cost of safe roads , bridges and transit systems will skyrocket . By 2020 , says the American Society of Engineers , the price tag could be as high as $ 1.7 trillion . Bottom line : two cents per mile would be enough to pay for the nation 's transportation infrastructure needs . That 's according to a 2009 nonpartisan commission headed by two former U.S. transportation secretaries . ` The Man , ' with a capital M Imagine 254 million vehicles . That 's the number of cars , trucks and motorcycles that a tax per mile system would have to monitor . Some proposals call for using GPS satellites to gather mileage data on each vehicle . Whoa . Really ? When it comes to tracking their vehicles , Americans tend to be really touchy about protecting their privacy . According to a University of Iowa poll , only about 20 % of drivers would choose a pay-per-mile tax system if GPS tracking is involved . The anonymous driver will soon be an extinct species , says Neil . "  You ca n't drop off the grid . Ten years from now , it will be virtually impossible to drive a car that does n't have an electronic signature , " said Neil . "  It does n't matter whether you have OnStar or you rent a car -- it 's going to have a ` black box . ' If you 've got any kind of navigation , The Man -- with a capital M -- knows where you are . " University of Iowa research shows that the public would be more willing to accept per-mile taxes if its monitoring technology does n't record a vehicle 's specific location . Taking your vehicle to have someone read the odometer every year -- like some states do with emissions testing -- might be an option . But some experts fear that method might be too expensive . Also , the resulting once-a-year tax bill might be too much for some drivers to pay . One idea tested in Minnesota eliminates GPS and uses cell phone text messaging technology . During fuel stops at gas stations , a device that already exists in most cars would text the car 's mileage information to a "  back office " data base . The office would then adjust the price of fuel at the pump based on each vehicle 's mileage driven . Implementing any system would be tricky , says Paul Hanley , who headed the Iowa study . Retrofitting existing cars with the required technology would be almost impossible , he says . The cheapest and least difficult option says Hanely , would be to install devices in new cars and slowly transition to the new system as the nation 's entire fleet of vehicles turns over . It takes about eight years before 90 % of our vehicles are turned over , Hanley says , and more than 10 years to convert the fleet to nearly 100 % . "  It 's inevitable , " says Hanley , who 's been conducting a real-world test of a pay-per-mile system with more than 2,500 drivers in 12 locations from coast-to-coast . Per-mile taxes "  with a combination of tolls is coming as we move away from the fuel tax . " Several states in addition to Iowa and Minnesota are looking into possible pay-per-mile tax systems , including Oregon and Texas . Do n't bother , some argue Leave well-enough alone , says the American Trucking Associations ' Darrin Roth , who argues that taxing vehicles per mile is too expensive to implement and administer . Those costs would be passed on to consumers , Roth says . The best and least complicated solution is to raise the fuel tax , which has n't changed since 1993 . But that idea comes with its own set of political challenges . Many members of Congress would likely oppose any kind of tax hike . "  I 'm not convinced per-mile taxes are going to happen , " says Roth . "  If it does , it probably wo n't happen for a long time . " Despite all the changes technology may bring to the driving experience , "  the American road will still be out there , " says Neil . "  It 's fun and it 's incredibly broadening for people ... and it 's a great way to spend time with your family , " he says . "  It might not be as innocent as it used to be , but it 's still an important part of who we are as a people . " How to pay for that highway remains a question Americans will debate for a while -- perhaps for years down the road .	Experts : Per-mile road tax will replace or supplement fuel tax Columnist : Do n't curtail Americans ' love for the open road Per-mile GPS tracking devices spur privacy fears
CNN  -- The death of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , who was killed Thursday in his hometown of Sirte , Libya , is "  an important step " for Libya , but do n't expect the fighting to end right away , said CNN senior international correspondent Ben Wedeman . Wedeman , the first Western television reporter to enter and report from inside Libya during the war , talked about how Gadhafi 's life ended and what his death means for Libya 's future and the civil war . Q : There are reports that Gadhafi was hiding in a hole , possibly a sewer or drainage ditch , like former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein before he was captured . It does n't seem like Gadhafi 's M.O. . What do you make of this ? Ben Wedeman : We understood when he left Tripoli in August that he left with a large entourage , with lots of cash ... and a lot of weapons . And for him to end up basically in the same sort of spider hole that Saddam Hussein did seems a bit odd , a bit out of character . When I was there , we were hearing all sorts of reports : that he was in Bani Walid -- that was the explanation for the level of resistance there -- that he was in an oasis in the southern part of the country , and that he could be in Sirte . So it 's a bit of a surprise the way he , in theory , met his end . He was not somebody that people expected to really go this early . Let 's not forget that Baghdad , for instance , in the case of Iraq , it fell in late April  2003   and  Saddam Hussein was not caught until December of 2003 . It was expected that Gadhafi could be able to hold out a bit longer than this . Q : What does Gadhafi 's reported death mean to his loyalists , those fighting the National Transition Council ? And how will the NTC fill the power vacuum left behind by Gadhafi , who ruled Libya for 42 years ? Wedeman : I think perhaps his role as a leader of the anti-NTC insurgency may have been somewhat overstated . I was in parts of Libya where I spoke to lots of people who were opposed to the new rulers of Libya , but not necessarily great supporters of Moammar Gadhafi . There is a worry that this new regime in Libya will be very slow , if  they  succeed at all , in moving to democracy . There 's a worry that there 's going to be a lot of revenge , a lot of , basically , lawlessness . Some of the times when we were told that these were Gadhafi loyalists fighting for the leader , it was wrong . They were actually people defending their homes , afraid that their homes would be looted , and we have seen instances where looting has been a serious problem . So Gadhafi ... was a rallying point for a certain element of the opponents of the new regime in Libya . But he was n't necessarily leading all of them . Q : Does that mean you think those loyal to Gadhafi will continue to fight even after his death ? Wedeman : We have to realize this has been a complete change of regime , and many of these people  in the NTC  have no experience running the country . Yes , it 's an important step along the way , but the killing of Moammar Gadhafi certainly does n't mean that it 's going to be smooth sailing . I mean , all you have to do is look around  Libya  : Egypt , the revolution  took  only 18 days -- and months , months and months later , it 's still a very unstable and uncertain place . Libya has certain elements working in its favor : a smaller population , a better educated population , lots in the way of natural resources . But no , just because Moammar Gadhafi is gone -- we believe -- does n't mean things are going to be rosy from here on in . Let 's not forget even in Iraq -- and there are huge differences -- the first few months after the fall of Saddam Hussein were relatively quiet . It 's when the new people in power start to exercise that power at every level of society , things can get complicated . There 's been a lot of talk about tribal differences  in Libya  We have n't really seen that play out ... but I would not in any sense bet my bottom dollar that Libya will be smooth sailing now that Gadhafi is dead .	CNN 's Ben Wedeman spoke to CNN about the death of Moammar Gadhafi He was the first Western TV reporter in Libya during this year 's civil war Do n't expect Libyan civil war to end after Gadhafi 's death , Wedeman says
CNN  -- Part of the solution to end drug violence in Mexico should include legalizing drugs like marijuana for personal use , former President Vicente Fox told CNN en Espanol . "  In order to get out of this trap  of drug violence caused by organized crime  , I 'm specifically proposing the legalization of the drug , " Fox said during a visit to Puerto Rico , where he was speaking at a conference for small business owners in the city of Fajardo . Fox advocated decriminalizing marijuana in a 2009 interview with CNN en Espanol . Since then , he has repeatedly called on officials to rethink drug laws . In an interview that aired on CNN en Espanol Tuesday , he also said the Mexican government should "  retire the army from the task of combating criminal gangs . " Current Mexican President Felipe Calderon has sent as many as 50,000 troops to hot spots around Mexico to fight the drug cartels . The enforcement strategy is considered a pillar in Calderon 's overall anti-drug policy . Both Calderon and Fox belong to the conservative PAN  National Action Party  . Ex-President Fox , a former Coca-Cola executive who was the president of Mexico from 2000 to 2006 , said the Mexican government should also "  demand that the United States do its part . " "  The United States has a huge responsibility . It 's not enough that they give us  Mexico  a tip , saying ` Here 's 500 million dollars . Go do your homework . You can pay us back with blood and with dead bodies , ' " Fox said . Mexican drug cartels buy their weapons and launder drug money in the United States , he said . Fox said Mexico has fallen into a trap "  between the gigantic U.S. drug market and the  illicit  drug producers in South American countries like Colombia , Venezuela , Bolivia , Ecuador and others . Fox is not alone in advocating for legalization of some drugs for personal use . Two years ago , three former Latin American presidents proposed radical changes in drug policy for the region . Brazil 's Fernando Henrique Cardoso , Colombia 's Cesar Gaviria , and Mexico 's Ernesto Zedillo wrote in the 2009 final report of the Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy that "  Prohibitionist policies based on the eradication of production and on the disruption of drug flows as well as on the criminalization of consumption have not yielded the expected results . We are farther than ever from the announced goal of eradicating drugs . " The same conclusion was reached by the U.N. 's Global Commission on Drug Policy last month . The commission , comprised of former presidents  including Fox  , policymakers and leaders from all over the world , recommended that governments experiment with drug legalization , especially marijuana . CNN 's Dania Alexandrino in Puerto Rico contributed to this report .	Vicente Fox says the current narcotics fight is n't working The ex-leader also calls for withdrawing Mexico 's army from fighting gangs The United States must take some responsibility too , he says
If you thought you were going to be reincarnated as a horse -- you 'd probably want to be born here . That was the madcap idea which prompted an 18th-century French prince , Louis-Henri de Bourbon , to build the most spectacular horse stables in the world . Legend has it that the wealthy royal commissioned the luxurious Grand Stables in northern France because he believed he would be born again as a horse -- and not just any old royal box would do . At more than 180 meters long -- roughly the same size as two soccer fields -- the stables at Chantilly are not only a spectacular feat of architecture , they 're also home to a famous collection of equine artworks and the rarest ponies on the planet . This weekend the Grand Stables -- and its adjoining Museum of the Horse -- will again be unveiled to the world as part of a $ 3.3 million makeover led by the fourth Aga Khan , both a business magnate and the spiritual leader of 20 million Nizari Ismaili Muslims . "  It will be one of the few museums in the world totally dedicated to the horse , in all aspects of life , " His Highness Prince Karim told CNN of his grand project . Rescued relic Built almost 300 years ago , in 1719 , the Grand Stables was one of the most breathtaking buildings in the world , housing a whopping 250 horses and 300 hunting dogs on the manicured lawns and lakes of the opulent Chantilly Estate . In the evenings , Prince Louis-Henri would hold sumptuous dinners under the building 's monumental dome , which soars 28 meters high . But by the turn of the 21st century , the stables and museum had become a dusty shadow of their former glory . "  It was the most stunning building built for horses in the world , " Benoit Junod , director for museums and exhibitions at the Aga Khan Development Network , told CNN . "  The prince was a cousin of the king and I think he wanted to create something which would rival the Palaces of Versaille . "  But in recent years it was falling into disrepair -- there were problems with water seepage from the lake , the roof needed to be repaired . " That was until Prince Karim -- a renowned horse owner and breeder , perhaps most notably of Shergar -- invested his fortune in an ambitious project to transform the sad old relic into a world-leading equine exhibition . "  The mayor came to me and said , ` Would you join us in financing the saving of Chantilly 's race course ? ' said the Aga Khan , who has had an office in the area for "  many many " years . "  And I said , ` But I 'm not interested in only saving the race course . I 'd like to widen the spectrum to the whole of Chantilly . ' " Treasure trove Venture inside the elegant museum and you 'll discover a remarkable collection of hundreds of paintings , sculptures , and curios , depicting everything from mythical horses to racing thoroughbreds . The building 's 17 garages , which originally housed elegant carriages in the 1700s , have been converted into gallery rooms and a caf . "  We have a crazy mixture of everything from British artist Norman Thelwell 's cartoons to major works of art by 15th-century renaissance painters , " said Junod . "  You have a lot of horse museums around the world which deal with certain aspects -- such as racing or equipment . But nothing which has the ambition to tackle the extraordinary history and beauty of the horse in full . " But it 's not just rare artworks attracting 160,000 visitors a year . Also referred to as the "  Live Horse Museum , " the lush green estate is home to more than 30 breeds of horses -- including the only one of its kind in Europe . Among the cantering thoroughbreds and Shetland ponies is 10-year-old Dilraj -- the first and only Marwari horse to step foot on the continent . The Marwari are descendants of horses used by ancient Indian warriors , known for the courage in battle and distinctive inward-curving ears Race to the top Drifting in to the gallery rooms this weekend will also be the roar from the crowd at France 's second biggest horse race -- the Prix de Diane , which is for three-year-old fillies . Sunday 's prestigious race takes place on the pretty Chantilly course , nestled in front of the towering Grand Stables . It is a special day for the Aga Khan , who has had seven winning thoroughbreds in the competition -- the most of any horse racing owner . "  This year we do n't have a runner -- I was hoping we would have but the filly 's last race was not what we wanted , " he said . "  Every time I 've won it has been with a home-bred filly . The goal of my farm is to breed winners . I do n't buy racing stock , the results are dependent on my breeding . " As Junod says , part of the appeal of the museum is n't just its multimillion-dollar setting -- it 's also man 's enduring fascination with these four-legged beasts . "  The horse has always been a strong , independent animal -- a friend of man , not a slave of man . And I think that 's part of the reason why it still captures our imaginations today . "	Welcome to Chantilly 's Grand Stables , world 's most beautiful horse homes Built in 1719 by a French prince , the stables had become dilapidated Five years ago Islamic spiritual leader Aga Khan invested in building makeover This weekend the revamped $ 3.3 million horse museum will open to public
CNN  -- My cousin Aaron abruptly typed me the news while we were texting back and forth about other matters : a Kansas City Chiefs football player killed his girlfriend , then went to the team 's practice facility and committed suicide in front of his head coach and general manager . Left behind was the couple 's 3-month-old daughter , who was in another room when her mother was shot multiple times . Like so many Americans , we were stunned . We would learn later that player was Jovan Belcher , 25-year-old starting linebacker for the Chiefs , a man and an athlete spoken of in the highest regard by everyone from his high school teammates and coaches to his fellow professional football players . They , too , were stunned . Indeed , what would lead a man who , by all accounts , loved family , friends and football and had overcome great odds to make the National Football League as an undrafted pick out of the University of Maine to take such shocking actions ? A man raised by a single mother , he had achieved so much in such a short period that he had widely been considered a great role model for what could be done through hard work , grit and determination . A gun control halftime show : Should Bob Costas have spoken out on Belcher suicide ? Since the killing and suicide are so fresh , so recent , we do not really know what might have driven Belcher to such extreme and horrific actions . But the knee-jerk reactions have been rampant on the social networks . "  Coward " is a term being used to describe Belcher . But that is too easy , far too simplistic , and name-calling never solves a problem . Belcher was a man living in the supersized macho world of football , a world in which many of us American males reside , be it football or not . Too many of us have been taught manhood in a way that is not healthy . Be tough , men do not cry , man up -- these are the things I 've heard my entire life , and I now cringe when I hear this relayed to boys or younger men by teachers , coaches , fathers , mentors and leaders . Or we use derogatory and sexist or homophobic words to describe men or boys who do not meet the "  normal " of what a male is supposed to be . Some of these male authority figures mean well , or are simply repeating what they were socialized to be or to do , and do not realize that they are unwittingly teaching that manhood has little room to express hurt , disappointment and sorrow . Yes , they had been arguing , Belcher and his girlfriend , but in my work as an activist , including around gender violence prevention , I 've seen the tragic pattern across our nation of men who , in the heat of rage , have killed their girlfriends , wives or lovers , as if they had no other vocabulary or emotion to deal with the disagreement or the break-up . We can not forget Kasandra Perkins in this story . Because when men behave in this manner , it also says , bluntly , that the life of a woman is of no value whatsoever . Just the fact that much of the media has focused on Belcher and barely mentions Perkins by name speaks to this truth . In the late 1990s , after achieving some level of success from my years on MTV 's "  The Real World " and as a feature writer for Quincy Jones ' Vibe magazine , I descended into a dark period that included excessive drinking , painful bouts with anxiety , stress and depression , and , yes , I thought often of committing suicide . I had been fired from Vibe . I had a terrible time coping with life back then , and I kept much of it to myself because we live in a world where men are not encouraged to express the hurts we feel . News : NFL Chiefs play after murder-suicide That is the problem for so many of us . We do not talk about much of anything , except sports , women and sex . Everything else is routinely ignored . Or repressed . Until we explode . What eventually helped me get through those dark years , years that too were riddled with violence -- toward myself , toward others -- in various forms , was a renewed commitment to my spiritual foundation , a return to therapy in a very serious and consistent way , and surrounding myself with people , including men , who were willing and able to give me the safe space to talk about anything and everything . For the past several years , I have privately advised and counseled several professional and amateur athletes , and entertainers , all men , all grappling with very warped definitions of manhood . The recurring theme over and over is fear of expressing themselves fully , fear of letting others down , fear of not being the tough and rugged men they were told they had to be . And on the inside so many of them are damaged as a result . The very definition of manhood they 've embraced is more an emotional prison than anything else . This is probably why the one scene that is locked in for me is of Belcher thanking his coach and general manager for what they did for him . Then walking away and shooting himself in the head . We must struggle , harder than ever , as men , as boys , as a nation , to reach the point where a heart-to-heart conversation is the first and only option , not a gun , not gun violence . The lives of Jovan Belcher and Kasandra Perkins will have been in vain completely if we do not go deeper within ourselves to teach and show our sons , our husbands , our boyfriends , our fathers , our men and boys , that there is another way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Powell .	Jovan Belcher killed his girlfriend , then shot himself in front of team 's staff , police say Kevin Powell : We do n't know what drove him to these desperate acts Powell : In my own life , I fell into depression , thoughts of suicide after setbacks He says we have to teach men to find ways to cope with life 's challenges
The U.S. Supreme Court will allow the National Security Agency 's surveillance of domestic telephone communication records to continue for now . The justices without comment Monday rejected an appeal from a privacy rights group , which claimed a secret federal court improperly authorized the government to collect the electronic records . The Electronic Privacy Information Center filed its petition directly with the high court , bypassing the usual step of going to the lower federal courts first . Such a move made it much harder for the justices to intervene at this stage , but EPIC officials argued "  exceptional ramifications " demanded immediate final judicial review . There was no immediate reaction to the court 's order from the public interest group , or from the Justice Department . The NSA has publicly acknowledged it received secret court approval to collect vast amounts of so-called metadata from telecom giant Verizon and leading Internet companies , including Microsoft , Apple , Google , Yahoo and Facebook . The information includes the numbers , time , and length of nearly every phone call to and from the United States in the past five years , but not the location or actual monitoring of the conversations themselves . To do so would require a separate , specifically targeted search warrant . The revelations on bulk data collection triggered new debate about national security and privacy interests , and about the secretive legal process that sets in motion the government surveillance . The once-secret approval came in April from a judge at the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , which handles individual requests for electronic surveillance for "  foreign intelligence purposes . " Verizon Business Network Services turned over the metadata to the government . Report : NSA , GCHQ among worst surveillance offenders , Snowden says "  Telephone records , even without the content of the calls , can reveal an immense amount of sensitive , private information . There are no reasonable grounds for the NSA to have access to every call record of every Verizon customer , " said Marc Rotenberg , president of EPIC . The Surveillance Court has applied the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act "  in a way that is contrary to both the text and purpose of the statute , " he said . This is the first direct challenge to the court order , and EPIC said the Obama administration should have to publicly explain its legal justification for the spying program . The group also argued restrictions in federal law mean no other state or federal court can review the Surveillance Court 's orders except the Supreme Court itself . The group is suing on behalf of itself as a Verizon customer , but also said the justices themselves have a stake in the legal fight . "  Because the NSA sweeps up judicial and congressional communications , it inappropriately arrogates exceptional power to the executive branch , " said the petition . The revelations of the NSA program and the inner workings of the Surveillance Court came after a former agency contractor , Edward Snowden , leaked documents to the Guardian newspaper in Britain . Snowden fled to Hong Kong and then Russia to escape U.S. prosecution , and his supporters say they are working on asylum deals with other countries on his behalf . The Justice Department urged the high court to stay out of the current fight , called a "  mandamus " review . EPIC 's petition "  does not meet the stringent requirements for mandamus relief , and this court lacks jurisdiction " to act , Solicitor General Donald Verrilli said in the government 's brief , filed last month . "  The mandamus petition does not establish that it is more than speculative that the NSA has reviewed , or might in the future review , records pertaining to petitioner 's members , particularly given the stringent ,  Surveillance Court  - imposed restrictions that limit access to the database to counterterrorism purposes , " the Obama administration added . The U.S. Supreme Court does not comment on pending cases . The privacy rights group now has the option of going back to the lower courts and starting the legal process anew . Prior lawsuits against the NSA program have been unsuccessful . Opinion : Has the NSA gone rogue ? Days after Snowden 's disclosure of the NSA program , the American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit in New York federal court . The San Francisco-based Electronic Frontier Foundation did so in July . And Freedom Watch also filed a separate claim on behalf of Verizon customers . The suits are still pending . Telecoms themselves were the initial targets of legal action , after the NSA domestic surveillance program was unveiled in 2005 . Congress later gave retroactive immunity to those private firms . The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court secretly decides whether to grant certain types of government requests , including wiretapping , data analysis , and other monitoring of possible terrorists and spies operating in the United States . Legal sources say the tiny courtroom and adjacent areas are sealed tightly -- ironically given the political debate -- to prevent any eavesdropping by outsiders . Eleven federal judges from around the country serve on the court for seven-year terms . They are appointed by the chief justice of the United States . John Roberts has named all current members , as a well as a three-judge panel to hear appeals of the Surveillance Court 's orders , known as the Court of Review . Because it is an "  ex-parte " body -- it hears only the government 's side -- the court has been criticized as a kangaroo court that too easily accedes to any government request . In order to collect information , the government has to demonstrate that it 's "  relevant " to an international terrorism investigation . The 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court Act lays out exactly what the special court must decide : "  A judge considering a petition to modify or set aside a nondisclosure order may grant such petition only if the judge finds that there is no reason to believe that disclosure may endanger the national security of the United States , interfere with a criminal , counterterrorism , or counterintelligence investigation , interfere with diplomatic relations , or endanger the life or physical safety of any person . " Several federal judges who once served on the Surveillance Court refused to discuss their service when contacted by CNN . The case is In Re Electronic Privacy Information Center  13-58  . NSA chief : Reports U.S. collected calls , e-mails from allies ` completely false '	A privacy group argues a secret federal court 's OK of NSA snooping was improper Supreme Court sidesteps the attempt to cut off NSA access to phone records The Justice Department urged the high court to stay out of the current fight The privacy group has the option of going back to lower courts
You do n't have to be strictly a man or a woman on Facebook anymore . In a nod to the "  it 's complicated " sexual identities of many of its users , the social network on Thursday added a third "  custom " gender option for people 's profiles . In addition to Male or Female , Facebook now lets U.S. users choose among some 50 additional options such as "  transgender , " "  cisgender , " "  gender fluid , " "  intersex " and "  neither . " Users also now have the ability to choose the pronoun they 'd like to be referred to publicly : he/his , she/her , or the gender-neutral they/their . "  When you come to Facebook to connect with the people , causes , and organizations you care about , we want you to feel comfortable being your true , authentic self , " Facebook said in a post on its Diversity page . "  An important part of this is the expression of gender , especially when it extends beyond the definitions of just ` male ' or ` female , ' " the post continued . "  So today , we 're proud to offer a new custom gender option to help you better express your own identity on Facebook . " Facebook said it worked with a group of leading lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender advocacy organizations to come up with the new gender categories . "  Facebook users from across the country have been asking for the ability to reflect their gender accurately , and today Facebook showed they have been listening , " said Allison Palmer , a former GLAAD vice president , who worked on the project with Facebook . To edit your gender status  or other personal information  , Facebook offers these instructions : Go to your Timeline  which we sometimes refer to as your profile  . Click Update Info at the bottom of your cover photo . Click Edit in the top right of the section you 'd like to change .  The new gender options are only accessible within an autocomplete drop-down menu , so you have to begin typing to see them appear . Enter your new info and click Save . Among other new gender options identified on Facebook so far : Trans Female , Trans Male , Trans Person , Gender Variant , Gender Questioning , Bigender , Androgynous , Pangender and Transsexual . Facebook also tweaked its privacy settings to let users control with whom they share their custom gender . Reaction on social media Thursday was largely positive , although some people joked they would need a dictionary to look up many of the gender-identity terms . The social network did not say Thursday when the new gender options might be available to users outside the U.S.	Facebook on Thursday added new gender options for people 's profiles U.S. users can now choose options such as "  transgender " and "  intersex " The move was hailed by LGBT advocacy groups
London , England  CNN  -- Police in London have reached a settlement with the family of Jean Charles de Menezes , whom officers shot dead in 2005 , mistaking him for a suicide bomber . The police offered "  a further unreserved apology " for the death of de Menezes in 2005 , plus an undisclosed compensation package , the police and the de Menezes family said in a joint statement . "  All litigation between them arising out of the tragic death of Jean Charles de Menezes has been resolved , " the statement added . De Menezes was killed on a London Underground train weeks after four suicide bombers struck on the London transport system on July 7 , 2005 . The controversial shooting of the unarmed Brazilian man sparked a number of investigations , including one that found police acted illegally . A jury found in 2007 that London 's Metropolitan Police Service broke health and safety laws in the shooting . It did not examine the cause of death . Jurors at a 2008 inquest found that the police who shot de Menezes did not shout a warning before firing at him . They also found that de Menezes did not advance toward armed officers on the subway train , which would have given them a reason to shoot . But the coroner at the inquest , who acted as the judge , had told the jury members they could not return a verdict of unlawful killing . They returned an open verdict in the case , meaning the jury was unable to establish a cause of death . De Menezes ' family called the proceedings a "  whitewash " because jurors were not allowed to consider a verdict of unlawful killing . De Menezes was killed July 22 , 2005 , a day after four failed bombings aboard the London transit system . Two weeks earlier , four suicide bombers blew apart three London subway trains and a bus , killing 52 people and wounding 977 . The city was on edge as police sought the four failed bombers . Officers staking out a home in south London saw and followed de Menezes , 27 , believing he was one of the suspects . They trailed him as he traveled on a bus and into a subway station , where they chased him onto the platform and into a train , and shot him dead . The Independent Police Complaints Commission concluded in 2007 that de Menezes was innocent of anything that might have justified police action . "  We made a most terrible mistake , " Acting Police Commissioner Paul Stephenson said at the time , adding police needed to learn from the incident . "  I am sorry . " The shooting was one of several issues that led to the resignation last year of Police Commissioner Ian Blair . CNN 's Melissa Gray in London contributed to this report .	UK police reach settlement with family of Jean Charles de Menezes , whom police shot dead in 2005 Officers mistook de Menezes for suicide bomber He was killed on Tube train weeks after four suicide bombers struck on London transport system
CNN  -- As the story of the tragic Newtown , Connecticut , elementary school shooting unfolds , many people are pondering : Why has there been so much violence in the U.S. lately , and what can be done to stop it ? This year saw a mass shooting of movie theater patrons in Aurora , Colorado ; the sentencing of Jared Lee Loughner on 19 counts , including murder and the attempted assassination of congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords ; and the first overall rise in U.S. violent crime in nearly two decades . And as the world heard about the Connecticut school killings , many people took to social media to express their frustration . We 're universally shocked and horrified by these tragic events . The question is : What do we do now ? A simple search for "  WTF ? " on Twitter turns up an outpouring of frustration over this story . And the comment threads on CNN.com lit up with debates over gun control . So now what ? CNN would like to hear from you . Tell us what you think needs to be done to help control violence in the world . Where do you think we should channel our frustration ? Is it better gun control ? Readily available health care ? More money for policing and emergency response ? Share what you think society needs to do to stop the killing . Tweet your ideas with the hashtag #nowwhat , or share your thoughts in the comments below . If you 're in Newtown and would like to share images , or you have remembrances , please upload them to CNNiReport.com . Complete coverage : Connecticut school shooting	Dozens killed in Connecticut elementary school shooting People around the world ask , simply : Why ? Tell us what you think society should do to help control violence
CNN  -- A cheating scandal at Harvard College just got bigger , and this time the focus is flipped : Administrators , not students , are under fire . On Monday , the school apologized for the way it handled a secret search of the e-mail accounts of resident deans . It conducted the search in an effort to find who leaked information about the scandal to the media last year . "  While the specific document made public may be deemed by some as not particularly consequential , the disclosure of the document and nearly word-for-word disclosure of a confidential board conversation led to concerns that other information -- especially student information we have a duty to protect as private -- was at risk , " said a statement from Deans Michael D. Smith and Evelynn M. Hammonds . "  Consequently , with the approval of the dean of FAS  Faculty of Arts and Sciences  and the University General Counsel , and the support of the dean of Harvard College , a very narrow , careful , and precise subject-line search was conducted by the University 's IT department , " they added . Smith and Hammonds stressed that the search was limited to administrative accounts , and that it did not involve a review of e-mail content . Harvard students forced to withdraw amid cheating scandal "  To be clear : No one 's e-mails were opened and the contents of no one 's e-mails were searched by human or machine , " they said . The search successfully identified a resident dean , who had forwarded a confidential e-mail . However , after review , school officials determined the dean in question had committed "  an inadvertent error and not an intentional breach " by sending the message to two students . Other resident deans were not told of the search , which was first reported by The Boston Globe . "  Operating without any clear precedent for the conflicting privacy concerns and knowing that no human had looked at any e-mails during or after the investigation , we made a decision that protected the privacy of the resident dean who had made an inadvertent error and allowed the student cases being handled by this resident dean to move forward expeditiously , " Smith and Hammonds said . "  We understand that others may see the situation differently , and we apologize if any resident deans feel our communication at the conclusion of the investigation was insufficient , " they added . News of the secret search drew immediate criticism from some members of Harvard 's faculty . Harry Lewis , a professor and former dean of Harvard College , said on his blog that he will likely move most of his personal e-mails to another account , keeping his Harvard address just for business . He described the way the school handled the case as dishonorable . "  Why not tell people you are reading their e-mail ? Would it not be the honorable thing to do ? What is to be gained by not doing that ? Other than avoiding , perhaps , the embarrassment of acknowledging that you are doing something to which the targets would reasonably object if they knew it , " he wrote . Attempts to contact Harvard for details on Monday on the search and the handling of it were unsuccessful . Last month , the school announced that more than half the students implicated in the cheating scandal had been required to withdraw for a time . More than a hundred students were investigated for plagiarism or for having "  inappropriately collaborated " on a course 's take-home , open-book spring final exam . The class was Government 1310 : Introduction to Congress , according to The Harvard Crimson , the school 's student newspaper . Many of those who were not forced to withdraw faced disciplinary probation at the Ivy League institution in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and the remaining were cleared . CNN 's Rande Iaboni contributed to this report .	Harvard searches the administrative accounts of resident deans College says it was looking for the source of a leak amid a cheating scandal News of the search draws immediate criticism from some members of Harvard 's faculty
CNN  -- Sandra Herold , the owner of a chimpanzee that was involved in a vicious attack on her friend last year , has died , her attorney said Tuesday . She was 72 . Herold suffered a ruptured aortic aneurysm Monday night , Roger Golger said . Herold "  had suffered a series of heartbreaking losses over the last several years , beginning with the death of her only child , then her husband , then her beloved chimp Travis , as well as the tragic maiming of friend and employee Charla Nash , " Golger said . Nash lost her nose , upper and lower lips , eyelids and both her hands in the attack in February 2009 , as well as the "  bony structures in her mid-face , " according to doctors . More than a year later , numerous surgeries and therapy sessions have helped Nash regain some mobility . Her family filed a lawsuit against Herold shortly after the attack , seeking $ 50 million in damages . Criminal charges were not filed , however , because authorities ruled Herold was not aware of the risk her pet posed . "  This past year was particularly difficult for Sandy , " Golger said . "  She hated living alone in a house where she faced constant reminders of the vibrant and happy life she once led with her family and friends . The stress of defending a multimillion-dollar lawsuit and all that it entailed also weighed heavy on Sandy . In the end , her heart , which had been broken so many times before , could take no more . " The attack occurred February 16 , 2009 , when Herold called Nash for help in getting Travis back inside her house after he used a key to escape . When Nash arrived at the Stamford , Connecticut , home , the chimp , who had been featured in TV commercials for Coca-Cola and Old Navy , jumped on her and began biting and mauling her . Police shot Travis to halt the attack and he later died of gunshot wounds . The mauling has raised questions about whether exotic animals should be kept as pets . Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal has said that primates and crocodiles should be added to a state list of animals that citizens are not allowed to own . Nash was discharged from the famed Cleveland Clinic , where doctors performed the nation 's first face transplant , earlier this month . She is continuing her recovery at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , Massachusetts , where doctors have said she is a candidate for a face transplant . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	Sandra Herold died Monday of a ruptured aortic aneurysm Her chimpanzee , Travis , mauled friend Charla Nash in February 2009 Herold 's heart "  could take no more " after a "  difficult " year , attorney says Nash is still recovering in Boston ; doctors say she is a candidate for a face transplant
CNN  It 's a restaurant so exclusive and so extravagant that even the scofflaws who broke in and robbed it have discerning , sophisticated palates . The French Laundry , the oh-so chichi Napa Valley landmark with its three Michelin stars and wine list that reads like porn for oenophiles , is suffering from bottle shock after its wine cellar was raided on Christmas Day . "  Specific wines of specific value were stolen , " tweeted French Laundry 's owner , the culinary demigod Thomas Keller . Seventy-six bottles , with a total worth of about $ 300,000 , were stolen from the Yountville restaurant , according to CNN affiliate KPIX . Keller singled out two wines in particular : Screaming Eagle , a local Cabernet Sauvignon that can run as much as $ 6,500 a bottle , and Domaine de la Romane-Conti , a French wine he sells between $ 6,000 and $ 8,000 per bottle , depending on the vintage . "  We are confident that if/when any stolen bottles appear in public they will immediately raise red flags , " he said .	Napa Valley 's famed French Laundry broken into Christmas Day Expensive wine stolen from the high-end restaurant
It 's a theory many drivers have held since their first speeding ticket , that citations are somehow connected to a special perk for the officer writing it . Now , a memo among Atlanta police officers has reignited such suspicions . "  The mayor has designated traffic court and ticket revenue for future pay increases , " Atlanta Police Union President Ken Allen wrote this month . Some residents scoffed at the idea . "  I 'm probably going to switch from sales and join the police force in that case , if that 's the way it 's working , " one resident , Ken Miller , told CNN affiliate WSB-TV . But Allen stressed that while revenue from tickets will be earmarked for raises , more tickets will not necessarily lead to higher raises . "  We 're not even asking anybody , or no one has made any suggestion , that any officer write any additional tickets than they already have , " the union president told CNN . "  The revenues from tickets already go to the general fund . What the mayor has suggested doing is ... earmarking where these revenues are going for the future pay raises . " Allen said revenues have decreased , but it 's largely because of the dismissal rates of citations and an inefficient court system . He said many traffic cases get dismissed because officers ca n't make it to the scheduled court appearance . "  The citizens need to understand ... we 're not running a ticket revenue stream just to get a pay increase . All we 're trying to do is correct the inefficiencies and hold those accountable for citations we 've already written . " But former police officer and TV judge Alex Ferrer said he 's concerned about the possible effects of linking ticket revenues directly to pay increases . "  Once you tie something to somebody 's financial earnings , they are motivated in a way that they are not motivated before , " he said . But many officers say traffic stops yield a lot more benefits than just improved road safety and revenue . Tucson Police Chief Roberto Villasenor requires his officers to make an average of at least one traffic stop a day . He said many important arrests stem from traffic stops . "  That 's where we get most of our narcotic arrests . We get a lot of warrants we 've been able to serve , " Villasenor told CNN affiliate KGUN . "  There 's benefit from traffic  stops  that have been proven in city after city . I 'm just saying we ca n't forget that 's part of our job . "	Atlanta has designated traffic court and ticket revenue for future pay increases Union chief : We 're trying to correct inefficiencies and hold those accountable for tickets already written Tucson 's police chief requires officers to make at least one traffic stop a day He says the stops often yield greater benefits , such as narcotics arrests and warrants served
CNN  -- Sen. Charles Schumer , saying he sees few tangible benefits for passengers , called Sunday on the Transportation Security Administration to reverse its decision to allow small pocketknives on airplanes . At an afternoon news conference in New York , Schumer said TSA agents would be distracted by having to measure knives and other items like baseball bats . "  These items are dangerous , and have not become less so in the years since they were banned from planes , " the New York Democrat said . "  Now is not the time for reduced vigilance , or to place additional burdens on TSA agents who should be looking for dangerous items . " During the news conference , Schumer held up a slender bladed object that he said would be allowed under the new rules . "  It looks dangerous and it is dangerous . This can kill someone , " he said . A representative from Schumer 's office later identified the object as a knife similar to ones made by office supply companies . The TSA subsequently responded by saying that knife would not be allowed on flights under new regulations because the blade can be locked in place and because the blade appeared to be a razor blade , which remain banned from passenger airplanes . Schumer 's request on the TSA rule change came a day after U.S. Rep. Ed Markey also came out against the TSA 's move . In a letter to TSA Administrator John Pistole , the Massachusetts Democrat expressed concern about the new policy and asked it be reversed . "  The attacks on September 11 , 2001 , demonstrated that in the confined environment of an airplane , even a small blade in the hands of a terrorist can lead to disaster , " wrote Markey , who is running for the U.S. Senate seat recently vacated by John Kerry . "  In addition , the additional responsibility of assessing which knives meet the new requirements could be a distraction for already overburdened screeners at TSA checkpoints , potentially leading to increased wait times and decreased security . " Knives on a plane ? Really ? Under the rules outlined this week , knives with blades no longer than 2.36 inches  6 centimeters  and less than a half-inch wide will be allowed in airline cabins as long as the blade is retractable and does not lock into place . Razorblades and box cutters are still prohibited . The rules also allow a passenger to carry two golf clubs , toy bats or other sports sticks -- such as ski poles , hockey sticks , lacrosse sticks and pool cues -- aboard in carry-on luggage . Pistole said the move brings the United States into alignment with international rules and is in keeping with his "  risk-based security " approach . Kip Hawley , who oversaw the TSA from 2005 to 2009 , said the search for knives interferes with the search for objects such as bombs and toxins that can threaten aircraft . Ex-TSA chief backs decision But others have sharply criticized the change , which takes effect April 25 . They include the Flight Attendants Union Coalition , a nearly 90,000-member group that has launched a campaign to reverse the TSA 's decision . The policy is also opposed by the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association , a union representing more than 26,000 officers from 65 agencies . Delta Air Lines CEO Richard Anderson said Friday he shares the same "  legitimate concerns " as his flight attendants . Delta CEO opposed to allowing small knives on aircraft "  If the purpose is to increase security checkpoint flow , there are much more effective steps we can take together to streamline the security checkpoints with risk-based screening mechanisms , " he wrote in a letter to Pistole . CNN 's Jordana Ossad and Greg Botelho contributed to this story	Senator from New York says "  now is not the time for reduced vigilance " TSA will allow some pocketknives , sports equipment as of April 25 They were banned after September 11 , 2001 , attacks Some airline officials also have called for reversal
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush on Friday proposed a temporary , broad-based tax relief package aimed at spurring the nation 's slowing economy . "  We can provide a shot in the arm " to the economy , President Bush said Friday at the White House . During remarks at the White House , Bush , flanked by economic advisers , said the nation 's economy is at risk for a downturn and Congress must act to head off trouble . "  This growth package must be big enough to make a difference in an economy as large and dynamic as ours , " Bush said . "  By passing a growth package quickly , we can provide a shot in the arm to keep a fundamentally strong economy healthy , and it will help keep economic sectors that are going through adjustments , such as the housing market , from adversely affecting other parts of our economy . " Watch more of Bush 's tax outline " It should equal about 1 percent of the nation 's gross domestic product , or roughly $ 140 billion , he added . Bush said the economy will continue to grow but at a slower rate . The president offered no specific details of the proposed package , but he did insist that it include tax incentives for business , "  including small businesses , to make major investments in their enterprises this year . " Bush also said the economic package must include "  rapid income tax relief " for consumers to "  lift our economy at a time when people otherwise might spend less . " Although Democratic leaders in Congress expressed general support for Bush 's remarks , other Democrats on Capitol Hill met the president 's proposal with suspicion . Two Democratic leadership aides made it clear Friday that the growth package would not win support from Democratic leaders unless it includes relief for low and middle income earners . "  We want to include people who pay taxes , not necessarily income taxes -- a lot of lower income people pay payroll taxes , " said one aide . Another source stated flatly , "  We 're not going to pass a bill in the House that does n't include low-income people . " Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , said he was disappointed that Bush did not include stimulus-spending measures aimed at helping the disadvantaged such as extending unemployment benefits . Schumer said such spending initiatives would jump-start the economy faster than tax cuts alone . "  I think if we avoid any of the ideological fights , we could actually pass something so that it would take effect on March 1 , " Schumer said . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , expressed agreement with Bush on "  the need to provide assistance immediately , " saying in a statement that "  we must invest our resources in such a way that injects confidence and consumer demand , promotes economic growth and creates jobs . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said , "  I also agree that our focus must be on finding temporary measures that will do the job effectively . " Sen. Edward Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , agreed that "  we must act swiftly to boost the economy " but stressed the need to help families who "  are struggling every day to pay their bills , heat their homes and pay their mortgages . " Bush 's remarks came a day after talks on the subject with Democratic and Republican lawmakers , and following Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke 's call for a fiscal stimulus package to help an economy beset by plummeting stock prices and a credit and mortgage crunch . Bush said Friday he was encouraged by his discussions with lawmakers . "  I believe there is enough broad consensus that we can come up with a package that can be approved with bipartisan support . " Existing income tax cuts supported by the Bush administration are due to expire in 2010 , and the president called on Congress to make them permanent . "  Unless Congress acts , the American people will face massive tax increases in less than three years , " Bush said . "  This tax increase would put jobs and economic growth at risk . " Watch experts explain how to goose the economy " The proposed stimulus package comes as a leading gauge of future economic activity was released Friday by the Conference Board . The December report showed a decline for a third straight month for the U.S. leading index -- down two-tenths of a percent . The report cited housing permits for the largest negative contribution to the index . See chart showing Americans ' recession fears " On Thursday , the Dow Jones industrial average of stock prices dropped more than 300 points after reports of slowing growth and massive debt write-offs by Merrill Lynch . The brokerage giant reported a nearly $ 10 billion loss for the fourth quarter of 2007 and wrote off more than $ 11 billion in bad mortgage debts . Former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers stressed the importance of whom any relief package would target . "  It needs to go to people who are going to spend it , " Summers said Friday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  That means particularly those who rely on tax refunds -- those receiving benefits , those whose incomes have been hurt by the downturn . " Bernanke told the House Budget Committee on Thursday that he does not believe the economy will enter a recession , but he said he expects growth to proceed at a slow pace this year and possibly into early 2009 . He said Congress needs to take decisive action to boost the economy . "  To be useful , a fiscal stimulus package should be implemented quickly and structured so that its effects on aggregate spending are felt as much as possible within the next 12 months or so , " Bernanke said . But he said any package should be "  explicitly temporary " to avoid running up the government 's long-term debt . Bernanke stopped short of suggesting that the Bush tax cuts should be made permanent , telling lawmakers he supports "  the law of arithmetic . " "  What comes in at least has to equal what goes out at some point , " he said . In 2001 , Americans received checks from the government designed to stimulate the economy . Individuals received $ 300 and families $ 600 . Twenty to 40 percent of the checks were spent within days . Consumers saved one-third of the money , and two-thirds went back into the economy within two quarters , officials said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Democratic leadership aides say bill must help low - , middle-income earners President calls for broad-based tax relief for consumers , businesses Bush says he 's encouraged by talks with Congress , hopeful of agreement Bush says his tax cuts due to expire in 2010 should be made permanent
CNN  -- FedEx on Friday found a package containing radioactive material that went missing a day earlier at one of its shipping stations in Knoxville , Tennessee , the company said . The package contained a radioactive rod used in CT scans , which use X-rays to create images of patients ' bodies . The shipment was lost in transit between its origination point , a hospital in North Dakota , and the equipment 's manufacturer in Tennessee . FedEx spokeswoman Sandra Munoz said the rod was enclosed in a metal cylinder that was itself enclosed in a rectangular box . That rectangular box had originally been placed in another box that had the shipping information on it . "  We are trying to track down how the package became detached from the original shipment , " Munoz said . FedEx employees found an unlabeled container Friday afternoon and opened it , revealing the metal cylinder , which remained closed . "  FedEx employees were never exposed to the radiation , " Munoz said . Earlier , Munoz had said that if the metal container were opened , there would be some exposure to radiation , but at a low concentration . "  There would be some very low-level energy skin absorption there . It would take 1,000 hours of exposure to get skin blisters , " she said . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	A missing package containing a radioactive rod is found , FedEx says It was misplaced in a shipping station in Knoxville , Tennessee , it says "  FedEx employees were never exposed to the radiation , " a spokeswoman says
By the time the summer of 1974 rolled around , America was ready for a break . The Vietnam War had ended for the United States the year prior , but the emotional and psychological toll at home had just begun . The lifting of the 1973 oil embargo in March 1974 eased economic tensions and allowed Americans to hit the open roads once again . And , let 's not forget the Watergate scandal . By the summer of 1974 , the fate of most of the president 's men had been decided , and the Supreme Court had rejected President Richard Nixon 's claims of executive privilege , paving the way for his resignation August 9 . It was a time of weariness and confusion , which was reflected in the music and films of 1974 . But it also was a period of transition for America as the progressive values that emerged in the 1960s around political awareness and women 's rights continued to flourish . A shift in pop culture also was under way , from Beatlemania and Flower Power to disco and what Tom Wolfe dubbed the "  Me " decade . Browse through the gallery above for a look back at the summer of 1974 . Do you remember life in the 1970s ? Share your memories in the comments !	Historians view the 1970s as a transitional era in the United States In 1974 , Americans were weary from the Vietnam War and the Watergate scandal Ahead of them was disco and the "  Me " decade
CNN  -- Alfred Matthew Yankovic has come a long way from the teen chopping up '70s disco hits for the Dr. Demento radio comedy hour . Over the years , he 's taught us everything from where to buy quilts at a discount price to what teen spirit smells like . But now , "  Weird Al " is no longer just doing funny spoofs of Madonna and Michael Jackson ; he 's educating the Internet on how to properly use the Oxford comma . While he 's sold more than 12 million albums , earned three Grammys and racked up four gold records , Yankovic may be at his artistic peak with the sublime new single , "  Word Crimes . " Yankovic has turned Robin Thicke 's not so humble brag about his dangling participle into something that could follow in the grand tradition of "  Schoolhouse Rock " and , he says , "  ostensibly be part of a school curriculum . " "  I 've taken a song that people had a problem with because it was slightly misogynistic , and I made it into a song about grammar , " Yankovic said in an interview with CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Wednesday . Yankovic molds Thicke 's catchy , but borderline sexist , "  Blurred Lines " into a linguistic piece de resistance , waxing grammatical about those who confuse irony and coincidence . Though Yankovic insisted that he loves all the songs equally off his new album , "  Mandatory Fun , " when pressed , Yankovic said his tribute to the fundamentals of style "  might be " his best track yet . The artist 's dedication to proper English syntax seems to have struck a chord with the Internet at large . As of this writing , more than 2.5 million people took three minutes out of their day to watch Yankovic 's lesson on literally versus figuratively . "  I 'm not alone . I 'm not the only grammar nerd out there , " Yankovic said about the song 's success . "  There 's a lot of people who share my pain . " "  Word Crimes " is the second of eight tracks Yankovic released on YouTube . The singer , rapper and musical virtuoso intends to release eight parodies in eight days to help promote his new record . But Yankovic politely deflects on whether he knows which tracks will connect with his audience . "  I love all the songs equally , " Yankovic said . "  There 's no lead single on this album because I do n't know what people are going to respond to the most . " Whereas Yankovic 's previous hits relied more on simple word substitution -- see "  Like a Surgeon " or "  Fat " -- his new songs are more textured . The artist partially credits his new freedom to how the music ecosystem has evolved since he emerged on the scene in the 1980s . "  MTV does n't really stand for music television anymore , " Yankovic said . "  The Internet is the new MTV . " Less concerned with the relatively rigid formula required to rhyme his way on to the bygone "  Total Request Live , " Yankovic said taking record and television executives out of the equation has given him more musical latitude . "  It does allow me to try things I would n't have tried before , " he said . "  Now , it 's basically , ` What do I like ? What do the fans like ? ' " Watch The Lead with Jake Tapper weekdays at 4pm ET . For the latest on The Lead with Jake Tapper click here .	"  Weird Al " Yankovic is educating the Internet on how to properly use the Oxford comma Yankovic may be at his artistic peak with his new single "  I 'm not alone . I 'm not the only grammar nerd out there , " Yankovic says
CNN  -- The last time you flew , did you wonder what 's really going on behind that closed cockpit door ? Who 's actually flying the plane ? Is it a human being , or Capt. Autopilot ? Based on its record , America leads the commercial airline industry in safety . And for most passengers , that information alone provides all the confidence in the world . But there will always be nervous fliers who need to know : Who are they trusting with their lives , human or machine ? "  There are millions of people out there who are under the impression that the airplane is flying itself and the pilots are only there in case something goes wrong , " says Patrick Smith , a 22-year veteran commercial pilot who blogs about airline issues . This , says Smith , is the big lie . It 's true that airline computers and electronic control systems allow pilots to fly "  hands off " beginning soon after takeoff , continuing through the flight route and -- in very rare cases -- all the way through touchdown . But Smith says that does n't mean the planes fly themselves . One day , Smith was flying as a passenger when that false impression really hit him square in the face . The airliner glided to a particularly smooth landing , and a "  smart Alec " seated a few rows behind Smith shouted , "  Nice job , autopilot ! " "  Everybody around us started cackling , " Smith said . "  While it was funny , it was wrong . And I knew that he meant it . It was frustrating . " Even Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger enjoyed the backup of computer autopilot during his famous "  miracle on the Hudson " emergency landing three years ago . Sullenberger was in the pilot 's seat when his Airbus A320 collided with a flock of geese and lost thrust 2,700 feet over Manhattan . Computer-assisted flight systems were active , Sullenberger said , but there was no need for them . "  We never got to the extremes where -LSB- flight control computers -RSB- would have protected us " from pointing the plane 's nose too high , or going too fast or too slow , he told CNN last week . "  We did n't need any of it . " In fact , flight control computers actually hindered the landing , said Sullenberger , who 's now a CBS News aviation and safety consultant . Flight software prevented him from keeping the plane 's nose a little higher during the last four seconds before he ditched US Airways Flight 1549 in the icy Hudson River . "  So we hit harder than we would have , had we been able to keep the nose up , " he said . "  That was a little-known part of the software that no airline operators or pilots knew about . " Of course , most passengers never experience that kind of emergency . During a normal flight , there 's no way to know when your pilots are using computer-programmed automatic flight systems . Smith described what goes on behind the cockpit 's closed door . Hands-on flying has n't disappeared , he said -- it 's just different . For example , setting up and executing an automatic descent has changed . "  In the old days , you had your hand on the wheel and you pushed the nose down and adjusted the power accordingly , " he said . "  Now , you 've got to hold a different set of buttons and dials and switches , but in the end , you 're still doing the same thing -- you 're still flying the plane . " "  None of it is easy , " he said . "  In a lot of ways , it 's more difficult because airplanes are so much more complex now . " Sure , there 's a lot of "  hands-off " time , but there are also many tasks that surround the management of the airplane and its computerized systems . "  You 're utilizing a different skill set . " Some fear that airliner pilots rely too much on autopilot technology , saying that such a reliance leads to lack of practice and infrequent use of manual piloting skills . Experts have suggested this may have been a factor in the mysterious Atlantic crash of Air France Flight 447 from Brazil to Paris , which killed 228 passengers and crew . As technology becomes more and more sophisticated -- and trusted -- an expert at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology says commercial airliners could one day be piloted by remote control . "  We fly many unmanned air vehicles around the world today , mainly for military or small airplane applications , " said R. John Hansman , a professor of aeronautics and astronautics , and head of the Division of Humans and Automation , at MIT . "  At a technical level , there 's no reason why we could n't do that with a commercial airplane . " Far-fetched ? Hansman is n't the only one in the airline community talking about this . At an aeronautical conference last August , James Albaugh , a Boeing president and CEO , announced that a "  pilotless airliner is going to come ; it 's just a question of when . You 'll see it in freighters first , over water probably , landing very close to the shore , " according to IEEE Spectrum magazine . The idea wo n't be widely accepted until at least a couple of generations from now , said Hansman , who 's also a licensed private pilot . But experts are already planning how it might work . There are two basic academic models . In one , pilots would fly airliners by remote control from "  cockpits " on the ground -- just as pilots currently fly Predator military drones over Afghanistan and along the U.S.-Mexican border . "  There 's another model where you might have a flight attendant sufficiently trained , " said Hansman , to act as a backup pilot on automated or remote-controlled airliners . Yes , you read that right . There 's an idea out there to have backup pilots who also serve passengers peanuts and tomato juice . "  There are people who discuss that , " Hansman said . "  I do n't know if that 's particularly realistic . " Frustration is the word Smith uses to describe this kind of talk from "  aerospace academics , researchers , professors , consultants and other smart people who often have a very limited grasp of the day-to-day operational realities of commercial flying . " That 's not to sound arrogant , Smith said , "  but it 's a theoretical discussion for researchers and scientists , and it 's not anything with any practical application at this point . " "  It 's wrong on so many levels that it 's hard to get my arms around it and explain , " he said with exasperation . "  And for what ? You 'd still need human beings to operate these planes remotely . Thus , I 'm not sure what the benefit of this would be in terms of cost . " Cost might actually be an argument against it . Building necessary infrastructure would cost hundreds of billions of dollars , Smith said . It 's like saying we should get rid of surgeons in the operating room because of advances in medical technology , he said . "  I think there 's something about flying that brings out this remote-control fantasy in people , " said Smith . "  I do n't exactly know where it comes from . " As MIT 's Hansman explained it , pilotless airliners would simply be the end result of the current evolution of flight deck staffing . Here 's what he means : Improved technology has contributed to shrinking cockpit staff . According to Hansman , before the Boeing 757 began service in the 1980s , most large airliners had a standard flight deck staff of three . They were the pilot , co-pilot and a flight engineer who managed pressurization , heating , fuel and pneumatic systems . Then , Hansman said , "  those systems became automated , and the standard flight deck crew went from three to two . " Going from two to one pilot would be a difficult threshold for the airline community to cross . Two onboard pilots allow for a safety net -- a redundancy , he said -- to ensure sound judgment calls and to protect against possible incapacitation of the pilot -- for example in case of sickness or an accident . But going from two to zero is another thing altogether . "  It 's not clear that anybody would want to ride on an airplane that does n't have a crew on board , " Hansman said . Would Hansman ? No . "  Not at this point , " he said . No matter how trustworthy the technology becomes , Hansman said remote-controlled airliners will never become reality without widespread public acceptance . But he does n't rule out that possibility . "  You have to remember , nobody thinks twice about getting onto an automated train , for example , at the airport . " This is n't all conjecture , though . To be sure , unmanned aircraft are coming soon to airspace near you . In fact , it may not be long before you see remote-controlled drones flying over your neighborhood . The Federal Aviation Administration plans to begin flight testing and writing rules aimed at integrating unmanned aircraft into the national airspace system as soon as 2015 . Some of these might include flying drones with sophisticated cameras like the Draganflyer , which can be used for police search and rescue , or unmanned crop-dusters . By 2018 , the nation 's unmanned aircraft could number more than 15,500 , according to industry projections . Aerospace contractor Northrop Grumman is developing an unmanned combat jet the size of a fighter plane . If successful , the X-47B would claim two firsts for an unmanned jet : in-flight fueling capability , and launch and landing aboard Navy aircraft carriers . For Sullenberger -- perhaps the nation 's most famous pilot -- the idea of remote-controlled airliners triggers a lot of critical questions . He speculated about what might have happened to Flight 1549 after it collided with the geese if the plane had been controlled by a remote pilot . "  What if the geese damaged whatever forward viewing devices there were -- such as cameras or infrared or radar ? What if the damage prevented the operator from seeing the river ? Or seeing the plane 's height above the river ? " How would the operator be able to land the plane safely ? "  On every airplane I 've ever flown , I tend to use the technology to its full capabilities when it 's appropriate , " Sullenberger said . "  But looking as far into the future as I can see , every airplane -- no matter how sophisticated -- really needs to be flown , and flown very well , by a human pilot . "	Autopilot myths confuse passengers about pilot control , expert says Veteran airline pilot : Planes do n't fly themselves Capt. Chesley Sullenberger : Autopilot slightly hindered emergency Hudson River landing Aviation/human automation expert : Remote-control airliners may be 2 generations away
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Dozens of people have been killed during two days of clashes between Islamist militants and Nigerian security forces in a northeastern town , an army commander said . Chief of Army Staff Azubuike Ihejirika said the latest violence in what is a simmering low-level insurgency in Africa 's most populous country left soldiers dead and wounded . The fighting began Thursday between Boko Haram militants and the military in the Yobe state town of Damaturu . "  There was a major encounter with the Boko Haram in Damaturu , " Ihejirika said Friday . "  We lost three of our soldiers , seven were wounded . But we killed over 50 of their members . " That contradicted hospital and morgue workers who said the vast majority of some 50 bodies brought in since Friday were civilians . An attack on Friday left at least a dozen dead in Maidugiri , in neighboring Borno state , officials and hospital workers said Saturday . Residents said pre-Christmas festivities have been subdued in the city -- largely Muslim with a Christian minority . It is n't clear whether Boko Haram attacked . Residents say the group was involved , but the military has not yet commented . "  The situation here is very scary -- the worst military confrontation yet , " said one resident who requested anonymity . Boko Haram -- which translates from the local Hausa as "  Western education is outlawed -- wants to introduce a strict version of Muslim Sharia law across the 155-million person country . The population is roughly split between Muslims and Christians . After Boko Haram 's leader was killed in police custody in 2009 , its members began carrying out a campaign of sporadic violence which has been fueled by the military 's iron-fisted approach , experts say . In August , group carried out its first suicide bombing and attack outside the north of the country when a car bomb claimed 24 lives at the United Nations building in the capital , Abuja . Observers are also closely monitoring whether the group is forging links with other international terrorist organizations . People claiming to speak on behalf of the group say it draws inspiration from Afghanistan 's Taliban . Some experts say the group has a network that extends across Chad and Mali . Nigerian security forces have struggled to contain near-daily blasts in the group 's home base states , Yobe and Borno . While the violence has rarely spilled beyond the north , officials and diplomats say the group 's anti-government rhetoric has earned it substantial support from local residents living amid unemployment and poverty levels up to twice the national average . Activist Shehu Sani , president of Civil Rights Congress of Nigeria , said attempts to broker a cease-fire have been derailed , but he stressed the importance of dialogue . "  On the one hand , Boko Haram can not turn Nigeria into an Islamic state through force . On the other , the Nigerian forces can not crush the group through use of force , " he told CNN .	Boko Haram means "  Western education is outlawed ' A Nigerian commander cited a "  major encounter " with Boko Haram In August , the group carried out a suicide bombing at U.N. headquarters in Abuja
CNN  -- President Obama built his push for a sweeping overhaul of the health care system on the premise that reform is essential for economic recovery . President Obama has said overhauling health care is a key part of economic recovery . But with some economists saying the recession shows signs of ending , will that weaken Obama 's argument ? "  If the economy is picking up , then more people are going to get jobs and more people are going to have health insurance , and so they are going to be less concerned with health care reform because they will figure , ` I 'm taken care of , ' " said Michael Cannon , director of health policy studies at the Cato Institute , a libertarian think tank . But Julian Epstein , a Democratic strategist , said a recovering economy will help Obama 's push for health care legislation because "  it will be a huge shot in the arm for Obama 's political capital . " "  It lessens people 's anxieties that are being stirred up by the opponents of health care reform . It gives credibility to the argument that government has an appropriate role to play in solving the nation 's problems , " Epstein said . Obama ran on a campaign to fix the health care system , and since taking office , the president repeatedly has tried to show how this overhaul fits into his broader economic strategy . In a speech in June before the American Medical Association , Obama warned that inaction could have dire consequences . "  Make no mistake : The cost of our health care is a threat to our economy . It is an escalating burden on our families and businesses . It is a ticking time bomb for the federal budget . And it is unsustainable for the United States of America , " he said . While the president has said health care is his top domestic priority this year , the public seems to disagree . Eighty-three percent of people are satisfied with their current health care , and 74 percent are satisfied with their health insurance , according to a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released last week . "  Health care reform has not been the top priority for voters . No. 1 is jobs . No. 2 is the deficit and government spending . Health care is third , " said Bill Schneider , CNN 's senior political analyst . But Diana Owen , an associate professor of political science and director of American studies at Georgetown University , said the public is n't as concerned about the economics-driven case to overhaul health care . "  I personally think that the vast majority of the public does n't get that connection between the economy and health care . I think they 're seeing it more as a personal issue -- something that could affect them , their families , their friends , " she said , noting that because people have an emotional involvement in the debate , the public is not likely to let it drop . That personal anxiety has manifested itself at town hall meetings across the country , where , angry protesters and other citizens have showed up to voice their doubts to their lawmakers . Voters have asked their lawmakers what reform means for them -- and how they can be assured that Obama 's proposals are good ideas . The August congressional recess , however , could end up being a blessing in disguise for Democrats , Epstein said . "  It may persuade enough of them that they do need to be more moderate and incremental in the approach , and they may actually come up with a package that is even more popular than what would have otherwise been , had they tried to get the bill through before August , " he said . If the economy recovers , plenty of Republicans and even a few Democrats will remind voters that Obama was wrong about the importance of reform to economic recovery , Schneider said . "  What will Obama say ? That the recovery can not be sustained over the long term without health care reform . " Obama sent a similar message in his radio address last weekend , citing the slightly better than expected job numbers as "  a sign that we 've begun to put the brakes on this recession and that the worst may be behind us . " "  But we must do more than rescue our economy from this immediate crisis ; we must rebuild it stronger than before . We must lay a new foundation for future growth and prosperity , and a key pillar of a new foundation is health insurance reform -- reform that we are now closer to achieving than ever before , " he said . But even if the effort does take on a lower profile , it could still have real consequences for Democrats , as it did 15 years ago , Schneider said . President Clinton 's push to overhaul health care failed , and the issue faded from the agenda as the economy recovered , but the ramifications were felt in the next election cycle . "  Clinton had to scale back his agenda . His big ideas for health care reform turned into protecting ` the safety net . ' And , of course , the Democrats lost control of Congress in 1994 for the first time in 40 years , and it took them another 12 years to get it back , " Schneider said .	President Obama says health care overhaul , economic recovery go hand in hand Economists point to some signs economy is recovering Better economy may ease push to overhaul health care , some observers say Health care failed under President Clinton in '90s , took back burner on the agenda
CNN  -- America 's response to the most dangerous security crisis Europe has faced in decades has been all speeches and symbolism with no actions of substance . On Wednesday , President Barack Obama hosted Arseniy Yatsenyuk , the new interim Ukrainian Prime Minister , for lunch at the White House , supposedly a thumb in the eye of Russian President Vladimir Putin and a sign of America 's commitment to Ukrainian sovereignty . On Thursday , Secretary of State John Kerry announced that the U.S. will take "  very serious " steps if Russia does not back down by Monday from its attempt to annex Crimea . But while the White House was serving lunch and the State Department was issuing stern warnings , the President was also refusing to lift a finger to actually deter Putin 's aggression . According to The Wall Street Journal , the Obama administration , "  wary of inflaming tensions with Russia , " has refused to act on Ukraine 's emergency request for military aid , including arms and ammunition , except to send military rations . Officials in Kiev estimate that Putin has amassed 80,000 Russian troops on the Ukrainian border , and we are worried about "  inflaming tensions " ? When will the administration put its might where its mouth is : When Kiev is in flames ? Or never ? As for Yatsenyuk , whose visit symbolized our solidarity , well Obama hopes you had a nice dessert , because we 're not going to give your country the weapons it needs to defend itself . Theodore Roosevelt is famous for a foreign policy he summarized as "  speak softly and carry a big stick . " Obama 's foreign policy is closer to "  scream loudly and carry no stick . " It 's no wonder Putin has concluded that he 's unlikely to face serious consequences for his imperial adventure . The U.S. did nothing when he invaded Georgia in 2008 . More recently , we did nothing after the Syrian regime violated the "  red line " Obama had established regarding the use of chemical weapons there .  Recall Kerry 's offhand reference to inspections became the pretext a day later for backing off the pledge . Putin does n't take the words of Obama or Kerry seriously because their words are n't serious . The speeches are gestures -- much like the President 's Wednesday luncheon -- and their relationship to action is nonexistent , as the administration 's refusal of Ukraine 's aid request makes quite clear . The fact is anything short of providing arms and intelligence to the sovereign Ukrainian government is unlikely to deter Putin . Clearly , we do not need American boots on the ground in Ukraine , a step we would both oppose . But if the U.S. wants to stop Russia 's dangerous incursion into Eastern Europe , we have to raise the cost . Not just talk about potentially raising the cost at some point in the future once Russia has swallowed half of Ukraine and stationed tens of thousands of troops there . Unless the President is willing to back up his words with military aid , he 's not serious about stopping Putin 's armed aggression . In addition , the President should immediately issue an executive order approving the export of American natural gas to 20 countries that are awaiting bureaucratic approval . The highest priority should go to approving exports to Europe , where in many places , Russia has a near-monopoly on natural gas . Furthermore , the President should issue an executive order approving 24 pending liquefied natural gas facilities that have been delayed by bureaucratic red tape . This would be a serious blow to the Russian economy that would impose a real cost on Putin 's foray into Ukraine . National emergencies justify actions that would not be taken in quiet times . A Russian invasion of Ukraine will create conditions that the President himself in his first executive order about sanctions called a national emergency . No one should doubt the seriousness of the events in Eastern Europe . Russia is threatening to forcibly take over the territory of a sovereign state . Taking over Crimea , which was historically Russian and has a substantial Russian majority , has already been described by Obama and Kerry as unacceptable and very dangerous . Russian occupation of the rest of Ukraine would be a vastly more threatening and more aggressive action . The situation calls for more than talk . If Putin discovers that once again the West will do nothing to stop his aggression , he might be reckless enough to test our resolve in Latvia , Lithuania or Estonia -- NATO members that we are bound to protect with military force . Trouble there could "  reset " us right back to direct warfare with Russia . That would be a disaster and very , very dangerous . It 's past time for the United States to help Ukraine . Indeed , passivity is the path most likely to lead to war . The Obama administration should grant the request for military aid immediately -- before it 's too late for deterrence . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Gingrich , Graham : U.S. has protested but has n't gone beyond symbolic measures They say Obama 's meeting with Ukrainian leader and Kerry 's condemnation are n't sufficient Authors : U.S. should have accepted Ukraine 's emergency request for military aid They say it is crucial to send a message that the U.S. will respond strongly to aggression
CNN  The California Public Utilities Commission on Thursday said it is ordering Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to pay a record $ 1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system , including the pipeline rupture that killed eight people in San Bruno in September 2010 . Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety . Of the $ 1.6 billion , $ 850 million will go to "  gas transmission pipeline safety infrastructure improvements , " the commission said . Another $ 50 million will go toward "  other remedies to enhance pipeline safety , " according to the commission . "  PG&E failed to uphold the public 's trust , " commission President Michael Picker said . "  The CPUC failed to keep vigilant . Lives were lost . Numerous people were injured . Homes were destroyed . We must do everything we can to ensure that nothing like this happens again . " The company 's chief executive officer said in a written statement that PG&E is working to become the safest energy company in the United States . "  Since the 2010 explosion of our natural gas transmission pipeline in San Bruno , we have worked hard to do the right thing for the victims , their families and the community of San Bruno , " Tony Earley said . "  We are deeply sorry for this tragic event , and we have dedicated ourselves to re-earning the trust of our customers and the communities we serve . The lessons of this tragic event will not be forgotten . " On September 9 , 2010 , a section of PG&E pipeline exploded in San Bruno , killing eight people and injuring more than 50 others . The blast destroyed 37 homes . PG&E said it has paid more than $ 500 million in claims to the victims and victims ' families in San Bruno , which is just south of San Francisco . The company also said it has already replaced more than 800 miles of pipe , installed new gas leak technology and implemented nine of 12 recommendations from the National Transportation Safety Board . According to its website , PG&E has 5.4 million electric customers and 4.3 million natural gas customers . The Los Angeles Times reported the previous record penalty was a $ 146 million penalty against Southern California Edison Company in 2008 for falsifying customer and worker safety data . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	The penalty is more than 10 times the previous record , according to a newspaper report Utility commission to force Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to make infrastructure improvements Company apologizes for explosion that killed 8 , says it is using lessons learned to improve safety
Top Egyptian security officials defended army and police actions in clashes Monday in Cairo that led to the deaths of more than 50 people , saying they were defending the Republican Guard headquarters against attackers . Health Ministry official Khaled al-Khatib said 51 died and 435 others were wounded when Egyptian security forces fought with supporters of deposed President Mohamed Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood outside the headquarters . Witnesses said the military and police fired as protesters took a break from holding a vigil at the Republican Guard headquarters to perform their dawn prayers . Morsy was reportedly detained in the building after his arrest Wednesday . But Interior Ministry spokesman Hani Abdel-Latif and army spokesman Col. Ahmed Mohammed Ali said security forces were under attack . Ali said that around 4 a.m. "  an armed group " used bombs , rocks and bullets to attack the area and the people safeguarding the headquarters building . Speaking to reporters , the officers said it 's the job of the security forces to protect protesters . But , they said , what unfolded was an assault and they had to embark on defending the institution . Ali dismissed claims from the pro-Morsy opposition , such as the killing of children , and warned of "  lying , " "  rumors , " and "  psychological warfare . " Video meant to support the security forces ' position was shown at the news conference . They seemed to show a few protesters who may have had firearms , but the context of the images is hard to discern . The Freedom and Justice Party 's deputy chairman , Esam al Aryan , said on the group 's Facebook site that four children were killed . Zakaria : What needs to happen next in Egypt Speaking about the presence of children before dawn , Ali asked what kind of people would bring their children to that location at such a time . "  The Egyptian armed forces kills only its enemies . It will never kill its own children , " Ali said . Mirna El Helbawi , a witness who lives on a street near the Republican Guard headquarters , saw violence unfold in the area but stressed no one had been performing prayers at the time . Security forces , she said , arrived at the scene , apparently prompting pro-Morsy people to beat on street lamps and shout , "  They 're here . They 're here . " Soldiers approaching a nearby mosque tore down stone barricades erected by pro-Morsy groups and fired tear gas . Pro-Morsy protesters , atop the mosque , threw rocks and fired shots . She said she saw one security forces member go down and then be taken away by his comrades . While she heard shotgun bursts , El Helbawi said she is not sure which group initiated the shooting . But she said she is sure both groups were shooting at each other . She also saw fire inside the mosque , a flame that died down and then flared up . She saw an ambulance arrive to get people out of the mosque and about a half dozen bodies were retrieved , she said . Several people were arrested . Amnesty International called Monday for an urgent independent investigation into the 51 deaths . "  There is a crucial need for independent and impartial investigations that can be trusted by all sides . However , Egypt 's authorities have a poor track record of delivering truth and justice for human rights violations , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , Deputy Director of the Middle East and North Africa Programme , in a news release . Victims treated at a chaotic facility The Monday morning violence further deepened a crisis in the country -- the Arab world 's most populous -- where Morsy supporters have been squaring off daily with security forces after his ouster in a military coup last week . CNN counted at least eight bullet-riddled bodies and up to 40 wounded at the chaotic emergency facility in the Egyptian capital , down the street from the site of the shooting . The upper bodies of the victims appeared to be peppered with shotgun pellets and bullet wounds . Doctors tended to the victims , performing surgeries in many cases before shipping them out to other facilities . Egyptian flags were draped over those who did not survive . CNN shot footage of men bleeding and bandaged on gurneys and blood on the ground . There were not enough ambulances to take all the injured to hospitals , CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported on the scene . An Interior Ministry statement earlier said two security force members -- a lieutenant and a recruit -- were shot and killed . It is unclear if the Health Ministry toll includes these personnel . Reacting to the shooting at the Republican Guard headquarters , the Al-Nour party -- which supported Morsy 's ouster -- withdrew from all talks about forming an interim government . "  We will not remain silent on the Republican Guard massacre , " party spokesman Nader Bakkar said . Interim President Adly Mansour ordered the formation of a committee to investigate the incident , according to state-run Nile TV . Later , news outlet Al Jazeera posted a statement online on its English Facebook page speaking out against what it said was the intimidation of its journalists covering the unrest . Dozens of journalists have been rounded up and detained by authorities , the post says . Journalists ' offices have been raided , "  threatening leaflets " have been scattered outside Al Jazeera 's offices and "  Al Jazeera Arabic 's correspondent " was "  hounded out of a government press conference by attendees who applauded " when the event ended , the post says . Meanwhile , the White House appeared to rule out an immediate cut in military aid to Egypt over last week 's coup , with spokesman Jay Carney telling reporters Monday , "  It would not be in the best interests of the United States to immediately change our assistance programs " to Cairo . Asked repeatedly whether the ouster of Egypt 's president and nullification of the constitution was a military coup , Carney said the Obama administration would "  take the time necessary " to assess what he called an "  incredibly complex and difficult situation " before deciding how to proceed . Under current U.S. law , a coup would stipulate a change in American military aid . Catherine Ashton , European Union foreign affairs chief , and U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki called for restraint and urged reconciliation on Monday . "  Dialogue and inclusiveness are the only way forward in speedily restoring a civilian and democratic framework , " Ashton said . Psaki said Washington is focused on "  returning stability " and is hoping that Egyptians will unite "  in a non-violent and inclusive way . " "  We call on the military to use maximum restraint responding to protesters , just as we urge all those demonstrating to do so peacefully , " she said . Elsewhere , in eastern Cairo , Morsy supporters kidnapped two soldiers , state radio reported . Before the outbreak of violence Monday , more than 30 people had died and 1,400 had suffered injuries since the coup . Egypt 's military declared over the weekend it was stepping up security efforts for the demonstrations . "  We also warn against any provocation or clashes with the peaceful demonstrators , " the statement said . "  Anyone who violates these instructions will be dealt with firmly in accordance with the law . " From hope to despair : Egypt slides into economic uncertainty , again Top religious figure speaks out Meanwhile , the grand imam of Egypt 's prestigious Al Azhar Mosque called for calm on Monday and urged the release of political prisoners , likely a reference to Muslim Brotherhood members incarcerated in recent days . Sheikh Ahmad Muhammad Al Tayeb , speaking in an audio played on Egyptian state TV on Monday , also called for all parties to refrain from anything that could lead to bloodshed , passed along his condolences to those who died in Monday 's violence and urged the state to protect demonstrators . Al Tayeb called for an immediate probe of the killings and an immediate announcement of the results . He urged the formation of a committee to achieve national reconciliation and urged the announcement of a timetable for the political transitional period that wo n't exceed six months . He said media should work toward such reconciliation and not incite . "  I will from now and on retreat to my house , until national reconciliation is achieved and this bloody atmosphere ends , " he said . Al Azhar , both the mosque and the university , are influential institutions in the Sunni world . Opinion : Can true democracy exist in military-dominated Egypt ? Morsy supporters vow peaceful protests Morsy has long been affiliated with the Freedom and Justice Party , the Muslim Brotherhood 's political movement . The group promised its protests would be peaceful and accused authorities of planning to send fake bearded men into Cairo 's Tahrir Square to incite violence . "  This is so they can claim that the supporters of the elected president and the Islamic groups are attacking the peaceful demonstrators . ... We warn those who play with fire that any sectarian incitement at this critical time will not be in the interests of anyone in our beloved Egypt , " the party said in a statement on Facebook . Team of political scientists saw Egypt 's turmoil coming Tahrir Square will likely attract many people on Wednesday as Ramadan begins in Egypt . Several popular musicians are expected to play , according to state-run EgyNews . Politics in the midst of chaos The latest violence came only hours after state television reported that Egypt 's interim president had nominated Mohamed ElBaradei as vice president and Ziad Bahaa el Din as prime minister . Mansour , the interim president , will need to get political consensus before they are appointed . Presidential spokesman Ahmed Almoslemani stressed on Nile TV there is no specific deadline of when the new government will be announced . Nile TV had previously reported that he said an announcement would be made within 24 hours . Earlier , ElBaradei 's name had been floated for the office of prime minister , but a swearing-in announced for Saturday did n't happen . Mahmoud Badr , spokesman for the rebel movement Tamarod , told Egypt 's OTV on Sunday that the presidency had tapped ElBaradei to form the new government but then retracted the offer after objections from the conservative al-Nour party . ElBaradei is well-known as the former head of the U.N. atomic watchdog agency , the International Atomic Energy Agency , and a Nobel Peace Prize winner . He was to appear Sunday in an interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria but canceled it along with all other media interviews , his office said . Opinion : U.S. must not fail Egypt	A witness says she is sure both sides were shooting at each other Officials defend the military and police actions in Monday clash Al-Nour party withdraws from government talks A White House spokesman calls situation "  incredibly complex and difficult "
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- A manual recount of votes is n't possible in Venezuela , the head of the country 's Supreme Court said Wednesday , suggesting there is no legal basis for the opposition 's push for a ballot-by-ballot audit of the narrow presidential election results . In nationally televised remarks , Venezuelan Chief Justice Luisa Estella Morales said Venezuela 's 1999 constitution eliminated manual recounts in favor of a "  system audit . " "  In Venezuela the electoral system is completely automated . Therefore , a manual count does not exist . Anyone who thought that could really happen has been deceived , " she said . "  The majority of those who are asking for a manual count know it and are clear about it . Elections are not audited ballot by ballot but through the system . " Her comments came a day after the sounds of clanking pots and pans and bursting fireworks rang out in Caracas as tensions mounted over Venezuela 's tight election results . It was a clear sign that days after Sunday 's presidential vote , fierce political battles are far from over in the deeply divided country . Supporters of opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski banged pots and pans to protest the government 's refusal to recount the votes , while supporters of President-elect Nicolas Maduro set off fireworks to celebrate his victory and drown out the noise . Maduro , the late President Hugo Chavez 's handpicked successor , is scheduled to be sworn in on Friday . Election authorities proclaimed him president-elect on Monday despite Capriles ' demand for a recount . Venezuela 's state-run AVN news agency said at least eight people had been killed in post-election violence across the country . AVN also reported that authorities had arrested 135 people in connection with political violence . The government news agency tied the deaths to opposition protests and said the victims were all followers of Maduro . Government health clinics , food distribution centers , a bank and a preschool program were the targets of violence , officials said . CNN could not independently confirm the government reports of violence , and it was unknown whether there were any opposition injuries or fatalities . Maduro secured 50.8 % of votes in Sunday 's election , while opposition candidate Capriles won 49 % , Venezuela 's National Electoral Council said . Since the tally was announced , both Capriles and Maduro have publicly urged supporters to remain peaceful while also accusing each other of inciting violence . The issue of post-election clashes swiftly has become a flashpoint for a new round of political sparring , as Capriles repeated his calls for a recount and Maduro vowed to use an iron fist to crack down on any attempts to unseat him from the presidency . Analysis : Why Venezuela is so divided ? Capriles ' repeated demands for a recount have left key questions about Venezuela 's future unanswered : Will Maduro 's supporters stick behind him ? Will tension in the deeply divided country boil over after the tight race ? And will world leaders recognize the results ? U.S Secretary of State John Kerry said Wednesday that he could not say if he would recognize Maduro as the president-elect or not . "  We think there ought to be a recount . ... Obviously if there are huge irregularities we 're going to have serious questions about the viability of that government , " Kerry said during a hearing of the U.S. House Foreign Affairs Committee . His comments drew a stern response from Maduro , who said Wednesday in national broadcast remarks Wednesday that he "  does not care " whether the United States recognizes his election victory . "  Do n't recognize anything . Your recognition does not matter to us , " Maduro said . "  We have decided to be free and we are going to be free and independent , with you or without you . Your opinion is not important to us . " CNN 's Paula Newton reported from Caracas . CNN 's Rafael Romo and Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Esprit Smith , Pierre Mielhan and Jose Armijo contributed to this report .	NEW : Maduro says he does n't care if the United States recognizes his presidency Chief justice says the constitution does not allow for manual recounts Protesters bang pots and pans in a continued push for a recount 8 people have died in post-election protests , state news agency reports
New York  CNN  -- A New York man armed with a rifle , boxes of ammunition and a machete was arrested Friday after allegedly threatening to kill former President George W. Bush , according to a federal court complaint . Benjamin Smith , a resident of upstate New York , threatened to "  kill , kidnap and inflict bodily harm " on Bush , the complaint said . Smith also professed a love interest in Barbara , one of the former president 's twin daughters , according to the complaint filed Friday in U.S. District Court in Manhattan . "  Bush will get his , " Smith allegedly screamed as he was being arrested , said the complaint . The U.S. Secret Service was alerted to the threat after Smith 's mother found a note in the home they share in which he allegedly wrote that he 's "  going to work for George W. Bush and the Pentagon , " the complaint said . Smith also allegedly wrote : "  I have to slay a dragon and then Barbara Bush is mine ... America is finished . Obama , Etc. " Smith 's defense lawyer , Peggy Cross-Goldenberg , did not immediately return a call seeking comment . It was not clear whether Smith remained in custody Saturday evening . Smith 's mother reported that a rifle was missing from the house and that she did not know where her son was . Using cell phone tracking , the Secret Service located Smith , who they say had driven to Manhattan . On Friday , agents found Smith sitting in his car in Manhattan , with a loaded .38 - caliber rifle , two boxes of ammunition , a container of gasoline and a machete , according to authorities . During questioning , Smith told Secret Service agents , "  I 'm divorced and not currently seeing anyone , but I am working on a relationship with Barbara Bush , " the complaint said . Threats against presidents of the United States are a federal crime . In 2012 : Man arrested for alleged threats to former President Bush , Mitt Romney	Benjamin Smith is arrested Complaint says Smith professed a love interest in one of Bush 's daughters Smith screamed "  Bush will get his " during his arrest , authorities say
Washington  CNN  -- Having trouble pronouncing an Italian word ? If you sit on the Supreme Court , consult an expert . On Monday , Justice Sonia Sotomayor was announcing the court 's opinion in Krupski v. Costa Crociere SpA  09-337  , a lesser-known appeal dealing with the scope of the right to file an amended lawsuit to correct a mistake in a party 's identity . The newest justice was having trouble pronouncing the name of the cruise ship company at the center of the case . Costa Cruises is a British and American-owned firm based in Genoa , Italy , where it is registered as Costa Crociere SpA . The appeal involved passenger Wanda Krupksi , who tripped over a cable and fractured her leg in 2007 aboard the Costa Magica . At issue was whether Krupski should have sued Costa Cruises or Costa Crociere SpA in federal court . The justice writing the majority ruling typically announces the decision from the bench in a public session , with a brief oral summary that supplements the official written opinion . That 's where the fun began . Sotomayor needed help and knew exactly where to turn . "  Costa Cruises responded that she should have sued a related company called Costa ... I 'm going to ask my colleague Justice Scalia to say it right , " Sotomayor said . "  Kroo-chee-ER-ay , " said Scalia , who is of Sicilian descent and has written a book on how lawyers can shine verbally when presenting their appeals before judges . "  Kroo-chee-ER-ay , " the first Hispanic justice slowly but correctly repeated . "  I want to put the Spanish accent on it . " Sotomayor has privately told friends that she was pleasantly surprised when joining the court at how friendly and collegial her benchmates have been , welcoming her to their exclusive club . Scalia is among the most verbally adept justices , peppering his bench remarks with humor and well-reasoned legal conclusions . His father was a professor of Romance languages in Queens , New York . Sotomayor , meanwhile , was honored over the weekend in the Bronx , where she grew up . She visited her grade school and then attended a ceremony at the Bronxdale Houses public housing project . It has now been renamed the Justice Sonia Sotomayor Houses and Community Center . She was visibly moved when talking about growing up there and meeting the late Robert F. Kennedy , who had come there in 1958 to tour the projects . The justice , who turns 56 this month , also gave the commencement address at Hostos Community College , where her mother graduated with a nursing degree in 1974 . It has primarily served the Spanish-speaking community in New York . By the way , in the Crociere case , the high court ruled unanimously for Krupski . "  Costa Crociere should have known that Krupski 's failure to name it as a defendant in her original complaint was due to a mistake concerning the proper party 's identity , " Sotomayor said , with admirable pronunciation .	Newest high court justice gives oral summary of cruise ship case She turned to fellow justice for pronunciation of Italian company Sotomayor was also honored over the weekend in New York
CNN  -- Step into any of the countless nightclubs in Lagos and you 're bound to find yourself immersed in a sonic journey of pulsating beats , groovy samples and hip-hop kicks . In a megacity where everybody loves to dance , the tone is set by the infectious sounds of Afrobeats -- a growing music movement that 's struck a chord with youth in West Africa and outside the continent . Although its name sounds similar to Afrobeat -- the eclectic mix of traditional and contemporary sounds pioneered by firebrand multi-instrumentalist Fela Kuti -- Afrobeats is a new genre on the Anglophone West African music scene . Back in late 1960s , Kuti , one of Africa 's biggest music stars , used his electrifying grooves and sharp-tongued lyrics as a political vehicle to oppose Nigeria 's military governments . Read : Blind music pioneer fires up Nigeria 's modern sound Afrobeats , however , tends to steer clear from politics . Its mission , says well-known Nigerian music promoter Cecil Hammond , is to make people forget their everyday troubles and have a good time . "  Africa can be very stressful , " he explains . "  So you need things to make you loosen up and make you happy -- and music makes Nigerians happy . " Hammond says that Nigerian music today has changed a lot since the days of Kuti , who died in August 1997 . "  Nigerian artists do n't really want to get into politics , " says Hammond . "  They tend to stay far away from it because at the end of the day , you have different political parties , you do n't want anyone to say you belong to this party or that party . "  The more neutral you are , the better -- so just focusing your music , give us good music , let everybody dance and that 's it . " Kanya King : MOBO founder 's top 5 pop picks Musically , however , the influence of Kuti is clearly evident on the new generation of Afrobeats artists . DJ Abrantee , a UK-based Afrobeats champion , says the new sounds derive from Afrobeat , having evolved over the years with various Afrobeats musicians experimenting to suit their individual styles . " -LSB- With -RSB- the inclusion of non-traditional instruments , electronic sounds , grooves , synths , hip-hop kicks , it has become more than just the one typical style of beat used in the 1970s , " he explains . "  It is now an amalgamation of beats . " But who are some of the hottest names making strides in the Afrobeats scene ? Here , Abrantee picks five stars whose are breaking through commercially on the world stage . WizKid "  WizKid is without a shadow of doubt on the verge of a worldwide explosion , " declares Abrantee , who describes the Nigerian Afrobeats singer as a "  young talented guy who not only sings but pens some of the most musically catchy hooks in that genre . " WizKid was recently signed by UK star Tinie Tempah 's management company . D'Banj The Nigerian rapper is at the forefront of the Afrobeats scene , having enjoyed big international success with "  Oliver Twist , " a global hit that made it to the Top 10 in UK charts . Abrantee says "  his music is infectious , fun , dynamic and appeals to the masses . " In recent years , D'Banj has won several prestigious awards , including the Best African Act at the 2012 MOBO Awards . May7ven Nigerian May7ven is a UK-based Afrobeats artist and singer-songwriter who is well known for her dancing . "  Her bold and catchy anthems in a predominately male-dominated industry have been leading the way and carrying the international flag for the ladies in Afrobeats , " says Abrantee . Atumpan The Ghanaian artist , also known as "  the talking drum , " has had success with "  The Thing , " a massive hit on dance floors in Africa and beyond . "  The dexterity and distinctness of his soulful voice complements his records and puts him in a firm position to have a long lasting career , " says Abrantee . R2Bees R2Bees is a super group featuring Ghanaian artists Paedae and Mugeez , produced by Killbeats , who is responsible for some of the biggest hits coming out of the West African country . Abrantee says they are the "  Afrobeats group to watch " in 2013 , pointing to the anticipated release of their new single featuring UK star Tinchy Stryder .	Afrobeats is a West African style of music making waves internationally It is distinct from Fela Kuti 's Afrobeat sound Scene 's biggest names include D'Banj , Atumpan , Wizkid , May7ven and R2Bees
CNN  -- Australian cricket captain Michael Clarke has delivered an emotional tribute to friend and fellow cricketer Phillip Hughes at his funeral , telling mourners he felt his spirit with him . Breaking down at times , Clarke spoke of visiting the pitch at the Sydney Cricket Ground where Hughes fatally injured when hit by a "  bouncer " -- a short-pitched , aggressive delivery that bounces up towards the batsman 's torso -- while batting for the South Australia side against New South Wales . "  I walked in the middle of the SCG on Thursday night , those same blades of grass beneath my feet where he and I and so many of his mates here today had built partnerships , taken chances , and lived out the dreams we painted in our heads as boys , " said Clarke . "  The same stands where the crowds rose to their feet to cheer him on , and that same fence he sent the ball to time and time again , and it 's now forever the place where he fell . " He continued : "  I stood there at the wicket , I kneeled down and touched the grass . I swear he was with me , picking me up off my feet to check if I was okay , telling me we just needed to dig in and get through to tea . " In a tribute referencing the "  spirit of cricket " and the outpouring of grief from the sport 's fans around the world in the wake of Hughes ' death , he said his friend had "  left a mark on our game that needs no embellishment . " "  I do n't know about you , but I keep looking for him . I know it 's crazy , but I expect any minute to take a call from him , or to see his face pop around the corner , " said Clarke , who also acted as a pallbearer . "  Is this what we call the spirit ? If so , then his spirit is still with me , and I hope it never leaves . " Hughes ' funeral service took place Wednesday in a packed school hall in his home town of Macksville , New South Wales -- a small town on Australia 's eastern coast , where he was raised on a banana and beef farm . Other mourners gathered to watch from the school fields outside , while Australian television broadcast the funeral live . It was also screened on big screens at Australia 's major cricket grounds . Delivering a eulogy on behalf of the family , his cousin , Nino Ramunno , remembered the cricketer as "  a young kid from the country who dared to dream big . " He recalled how his cousin was introduced to cricket through backyard cricket games with his brother and neighbors in the country . "  There was no quarter either asked or given in those backyard test matches , " said Ramunno . Although initially reluctant to take part , Hughes took to the sport with a passion , and never looked back . OPINION : The unspoken ` if only ' in Hughes ' death The left-handed batsman represented Australia in 26 Tests , the highest standard of the game , after making his debut in 2009 at the age of 20 . Australian cricket writer Gideon Haigh told CNN that although Hughes , who was named Australia 's domestic cricket player of the year in 2013 , had been dropped from the national side on occasion , "  no one seemed to doubt that he was a character that we would be watching for the next 10-15 years . " "  No one had a greater appetite for the game , " said Haigh . "  He had that drive , he had that enthusiasm . " Hughes ' cousin Ramunno spoke of his response to those setbacks in his career . "  I never , ever once heard him complain about being dropped from the Australian team , " he told mourners . "  He believed he would come back bigger and better , and continuing to pile on runs . " Hughes ' friend , Corey Ireland , recalled the cricketer 's love of Angus cattle -- and a deal he made with himself to add to his herd every time he scored a century , an innings of 100 runs or more . "  His herd grew very quickly , " said Ireland . A host of past and present Australian and other international cricketers attended the funeral -- as did Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott . The streets of Macksville were decorated with cricket bats , following a social media-led tribute using the hashtag #putoutyourbats . There were also numerous references to the numbers "  408 " -- Hughes was the 408th Australian Test cricketer -- and "  63 not out , " the score Hughes was on when injured . Haigh told CNN that cricket fans and the wider Australian public were "  all making it up as we go along " in terms of mourning Hughes , he said . "  People want to make some form of communal gesture , " he said . "  It 's unprecedented in any era for a player of his profile to have been cut down in his prime in this way . "	Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes ' funeral took place in his hometown Wednesday Hughes died after being hit in the head by a cricket ball last week His friend , the Australian cricket captain Michael Clarke , said he felt his spirit He said his friend had "  left a mark on our game that needs no embellishment "
New York  CNN  -- The final bid for a trading card that the National Baseball Hall of Fame calls "  the Holy Grail " topped $ 2.1 million -- the highest price ever paid for a baseball card in a public auction . The 1909 card of Pittsburgh Pirate shortstop Honus Wagner -- one of only about 50 in existence -- was auctioned off by Goldin Auctions in West Berlin , New Jersey . Bidding started at $ 500,000 on February 25 . The buyer chose to remain anonymous after the successful bid , but Ken Goldin , owner of Goldin Auctions , told CNN he is "  best described as a wealthy individual investor and a baseball fan . " Goldin said the buyer did not indicate what they planned to do with the card . A total of 15 bids were made for the prized item . The card is in short supply because Wagner made the American Tobacco Company recall it when he discovered it had made the card without his permission . He did n't want kids to buy cigarettes , the auction house said . The card was released as Wagner was on his way to winning his seventh batting title and about to lead the Pirates to their first World Series win . It 's garnered such a place in baseball history that it has its own plaque at the Hall of Fame in Cooperstown , New York . The winning bid came in at $ 2,105,770.50 , including the buyer 's premium , according to a statement from Goldin Auctions on Saturday . CNN Money 's Emily Jane Fox contributed to this report .	1909 card of Pittsburgh Pirate shortstop Honus Wagner is one of only about 50 in existence The buyer remains anonymous but is called "  a wealthy individual investor and a baseball fan " There were 15 bids made for the prized item The card is rare because Wagner made the American Tobacco Company recall it
RollingStone.com  -- Cee Lo Green , Blake Shelton , Adam Levine and Christina Aguilera -- all four coaches of "  The Voice " -- joined producer Mark Burnett , host Carson Daly and the show 's social media maven Christina Milian for a press conference Sunday night at Burnett 's Malibu home . Looking out at the panoramic view of the Pacific Ocean , Levine quipped , "  So this is what reality TV buys you . " That , or maybe just knowing what makes for good TV . And Burnett and his team have demonstrated a knack for spotting opportunities . Last season there was shock among fans when singer Jesse Campbell , one of the favorites to win the title , was eliminated by coach Christina Aguilera . Even her fellow coaches expressed their disbelief . This season , which starts September 10th , they 'd be able to do something about it , thanks to a new element called "  the Steal , " which allows judges to pick up a contestant who 's been ousted by another coach . Journalists got a sneak peak at a recently taped battle round between two of Green 's competitors , who each delivered a smoking rendition of Mariah Carey 's "  Vision of Love . " As soon as Green carried out the unenviable task of choosing just one , the other coaches hammered on their buttons and made their pitches to bring the loser onto one of their teams , just like they do in the battle rounds . Judges can only pick two additional team members , which will lead to a new cycle of the show called "  Knockout Rounds , " where the teams will pare down before beginning the live episodes . The new opportunity for poaching has added a lot to the show , the coaches told Rolling Stone . "  It 's nice to throw those elements in to kind of spice things up , " Levine said . "  Those things definitely help keep it fresh for us . " It also adds more pressure , Shelton said . "  There 's nothing that 's more nervewracking than knowing , ` Okay , both these singers did really good and I got ta pick one and I know damn good and well one of these other three are gon na steal the person I do n't pick , ' " he said . "  There 's a chance that person may go on and win this and that 's gon na make me look really stupid . That definitely goes on in your mind . As an artist and somebody on television I have enough of an ego that I do n't want to look that stupid . I want to look brilliant . " Ultimately , though , he recognizes it 's great for the show and viewers . "  It 's going to be so exciting for people watching at home , " Shelton said . "  Here 's the truth , as much as we want to sit up here and talk about how different this show is , and it is , what people love the most is those damn buttons . People love to see us hit those buttons and somebody 's life is changed at that moment . This is another way of changing somebody 's life later on in the show , where they think all hope is lost , they 're going home , the next thing you know the button gets pushed and they 're right back in the game again . That 's pretty exciting . " The new components add another element to what Levine , Aguilera and Shelton call "  the best season yet . " Only Green holds out on that , saying , "  A few memorable things have happened thus far , but season three is n't completed yet , so I do n't know if this is the favorite season yet . " For the four coaches , though , the biggest strength of this season is their bond . In the first clip shown at the junket , the four are seen performing the Rolling Stones ' "  Start Me Up , " and they resembled a band , much more than they did in the combined performances of the first two seasons . What helped meld them into a tight , family-like unit is the way all four work with contestants , Aguilera said . "  Over time we see how each of us react as coaches , giving such heartfelt advice and attention to these up-and-coming young fresh talents and it 's so nice to see , " she said . "  It 's refreshing because we came into it not wanting to knock anybody down and I think we all respect that . We might take shots at each other , but never the talent . So there 's just a magic , there 's a bond there that 's unbreakable at this point . " Shelton concurred , recognizing the quartet is now joined together by the success of the series . "  We 're always going to be connected to each other through this show , " he says . He admitted there have been some rough moments , like any family . "  We 've been through a lot of s ** t with each other , no doubt , " he said . "  We 've had fights , ups and downs and weird moments and f**k - offs and all that stuff . But all friends go through that I think and you either go through it and you never speak to each other again or you go through it and your relationship is even stronger . We did n't have to come back together , but we did , and our relationships are stronger . " Levine agreed that the coaches have left the rockiest moments behind them . "  We are getting along better than we ever have and I guess our energies have all congealed and we 're very , very close at this point , " he said . The show will run this year in both the fall and spring seasons , which could result in one or more of the coaches having to take a sabbatical to go on tour . Although Burnett said the coaches have their "  chairs for live , " the assembled journalists were keen to speculate on who the replacement coaches might be . Green shut down the speculation while nicely summing up the bond among the current four . "  For me , there 's nobody comes to mind that can replace my Blake , my Adam and my Christina , " he said . See full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	The competition is adding an element called "  the Steal " Coaches will have the option of picking up a contestant another coach has dropped Levine says the coaches have left the rockiest moments behind them
CNN  -- In a rare move , "  Alone Yet Not Alone " is ending its Oscar run on a low note . The Academy rescinded the best original song nomination for the film of the same name over accusations of improper campaigning . Its board of governors voted Tuesday night after revelations that the song 's composer , Bruce Broughton , e-mailed members during the voting period . Broughton is a former member of the board . "  No matter how well-intentioned the communication , using one 's position as a former governor and current executive committee member to personally promote one 's own Oscar submission creates the appearance of an unfair advantage , " said Cheryl Boone Isaacs , president of the Academy . Any perceived campaigning is considered a rule violation . "  It is the Academy 's goal to ensure that the Awards competition is conducted in a fair and ethical manner , " the Academy said in a statement . "  If any campaign activity is determined by the board of governors to work in opposition to that goal , whether or not anticipated by these regulations , the Board of Governors may take any corrective actions ... to protect the reputation and integrity of the awards process . " No other song will be nominated in its place . Though rare , this is not the first time the Academy has revoked a nomination . In 1992 , "  A Place in the World " lost its Oscar nomination for best foreign-language film over questions over whether it was produced in Argentina , and not Uruguay as it had designated itself . 5 things we learned from Oscar nominations CNN 's Abbey Goodman contributed to this report	It was nominated in a film of the same name The Academy rescinded it over revelations song 's composer e-mailed board members Any perceived campaigning is considered a rule violation
CNN  -- The wife of Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama told CNN 's Larry King on Wednesday that she is not offended by a much-publicized comment made toward her husband in Tuesday night 's debate . Michelle Obama talks about Williams Ayers , Hillary Clinton and her husband 's campaign on Larry King Live . In the presidential matchup at Belmont University in Nashville , Tennessee , GOP nominee John McCain criticized his Democratic rival for supporting the 2007 Bush-Cheney energy bill . "  It was an energy bill on the floor of the Senate , loaded down with goodies , billions for oil companies , and it was sponsored by Bush and Cheney . ... You know who voted for it ? You might never know . That one , " he said , gesturing toward Obama . "  You know who voted against it ? Me . " When asked whether McCain 's reference to Obama as "  that one " was offensive , Michelle Obama simply said "  No , " adding that the issue has nothing to do with what 's affecting average Americans hurting from the economic downturn . "  I think there are two conversations that have been going on throughout this whole election . There 's the conversation that 's been happening with the pundits ... and then there 's the conversation that 's been happening on the ground , " she said . Watch Michelle Obama talk about McCain 's comment " She said Americans "  right now are scared " and "  nervous about the economy . " "  They do n't care about the back and forth between the candidates . ... They want real answers about how we 're going to fix this economy and get the health care benefits on track so , you know , this is part of politics , " she added . King asked Obama about the McCain camp bringing up her husband 's ties to William Ayers . Ayers was a founding member of the Weather Underground , a 1960s radical group known for bombings of police stations , the Pentagon and the U.S. Capitol . Fact Check : Is Obama ` palling around with terrorists ' ? Ayers is a university professor who lives on the South Side of Chicago , where Obama cut his political teeth . Michelle Obama said her husband served on a Chicago education board with Ayers . "  I do n't know anyone in Chicago who is heavily involved in education policy who does n't know Bill Ayers , " she said . "  But , you know , again I go back to the point that , you know , the American people are n't asking these questions . " "  You do n't think it affects the campaign ? " King asked . "  You know , I think that we 've been in this for 20 months and people have gotten to know Barack . He 's written a book , books have been written about him . He , like all of the other candidates have been thoroughly vetted . And I think people know Barack Obama . Watch Michelle Obama discuss William Ayers " "  They know his heart , they know his spirit , and the thing that I just encourage people is to judge Barack and judge all of these candidates based on what they do , their actions , their character , what they do in their lives rather than what somebody -LSB- else -RSB- did when they were 8 . " Michelle Obama was referring to the fact that Ayers allegedly committed his most radical acts when Barack Obama was a child . McCain 's running mate , Gov. Sarah Palin , has lobbed some intense attacks on Barack Obama over the Ayers issue . "  Our opponent is someone who sees America as imperfect enough to pal around with terrorists who targeted their own country , " Palin told a crowd of supporters this week . King played the clip and asked Michelle Obama if that statement made her "  mad . " Obama replied , "  I do n't watch it . " "  What do you make of her running for a vice president and having many kids and being a good parent and bouncing all the balls ? " King asked . "  I think she provides an excellent of example of all the different roles that women can and should play , " Michelle Obama responded . "  I 'm a mother with kids and I 've had a career and I 've had to juggle . She 's doing publicly what so many women are doing on their own privately . What we 're fighting for is to make sure that all women have the choices that Sarah Palin and I have . " At one point , King asked her if her husband likes McCain . "  Do these two candidates , as has been reported , not like each other ? " King asked . "  I can only speak for Barack , and I know that Barack has the utmost respect for Sen. McCain . He said so on so many occasions , " she said . "  I think this has been a long , tough fight . And politics sometimes leads to things said between the candidates . But again , what we found is that people are really focused on who is going to -- who has got the vision that 's going to take us to the next level ? " She said campaigning is exhausting but she likes it more than she expected . "  When I 'm tired , I get more energy coming out of a rally where I get the -- get hugs and I see people on the rope lines tearing up because they never thought they 'd see this moment , " she said . "  I see kids who are focused and engaged in a way that I 've never seen before . That gives us both energy . " Obama also talked about Sen. Hillary Clinton . "  Are you happy with the way she 's supporting your husband ? " King asked . "  She has been phenomenal . ... She has always been just cordial and open . I 've called her , I 've talked to her . She 's given me advice about the kids , " Obama said . Watch Michelle Obama call Hillary Clinton ` phenomenal ' " "  We 've talked at length about this kind of stuff -- how you feel , how you react . She has been amazing . She is a real pro and a woman with character . " CNN political producer Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	Michelle Obama talks to Larry King in an interview Wednesday night She responds to her husband being referred to as "  that one " in Tuesday debate Michelle Obama : Americans "  do n't care about the back and forth "
CNN  -- With her doe eyes , razor-sharp cheek bones , flowing jet black locks and the most talked-about rump in the business , it 's no wonder she 's on the cover of arguably the world 's most prestigious fashion magazine . But in an unusual twist , the beguiling female bearing all on the front of this month 's Vogue is n't a model , actress , or musician . She 's not even human . Instead , the beautiful creature gracing the landmark Australian edition of the magazine is a six-year-old horse called Black Caviar . Not just any horse , but perhaps the greatest race horse of all time , unbeaten in a staggering 22 consecutive competitions across the globe and worth more than $ 7 million in prize money . Vogue Australia has featured Oscar-winning actresses , princesses and supermodels on its front covers , but now for the first time in the magazine 's 53-year history it will be a four-legged beauty looking out from the publication 's most important page . "  She 's beautiful . And Vogue is about celebrating the beautiful , " Vogue Australia editor , Edwina McCann , told CNN . "  What goes on Vogue 's cover can create news in itself . It was n't just that Black Caviar was on the cover of any women 's magazine . The endorsement of the Vogue brand is a very big statement . " Since demolishing the field in her first win in the 2009 Danehill Stakes , an air of mystique has followed the world champion sprinter . Her unblemished 22-win record is the second highest of all time , only trailing behind Hungarian horse Kincsem , which apparently took 54 races in the late 1800s . Queen Elizabeth personally congratulated the magnificent mare after her nailbiting win at the prestigious Diamond Jubilee Stakes in July . It was later revealed the thoroughbred had won the esteemed title with a leg injury -- only adding to her mythical invincibility . Unsurprisingly , horse racing-mad Australians have taken the champion thoroughbred to their hearts , with diehard Black Caviar fans even traveling to the other side of the world to cheer her on at Britain 's Royal Ascot . "  Her allegiance level is phenomenal , " Colin Madden , one of Black Caviar 's eight owners , said . "  She 's a powerful horse who just fronts up every time and people really like that consistency . " "  I do n't know if she 'll replace Phar Lap -- the gelding who dominated the Australian racing scene during the Great Depression of the 1930s -- but in the pantheon of equine greats she will stand very tall . " Vogue had wanted to "  celebrate all things Australian " for their December issue , believing Black Caviar vividly embodied the country 's unique "  fighting spirit . " "  Australians are passionate about horse racing . We 're the only country in the world that literally stops for a horse race -- the Melbourne Cup , " McCann said . "  We love a champion and Black Caviar strives to win even when the chips are down -- those principles are very dear to us . " The photo shoot took place in a secret location in the Dandenong Ranges , just outside of Melbourne . Australian photographer Benny Horne captured the thoroughbred alongside compatriot model Julia Nobis in a purpose-built outdoor studio . "  Black Caviar definitely realizes when the camera is on her . Her ears go up , she sticks her head out , it 's almost like she 's posing , " McCann said . "  She 's such a magnificent-looking animal . Her coat is this extraordinary pitch black , almost like velvet , with this handsomely structured face and that awesome rump that propels her so fast . " Black Caviar 's owners have gone to great lengths to ensure her persona is aligned with sophistication and style . Everything from her name , to her salmon-colored silks and even her own line of grooming products are modeled on classy femininity . "  Vogue is synonymous with style , glamor , celebrity and exclusivity . That a horse has appeared on the front cover says something about both horse racing and the horse itself , " Simon Chadwick , professor of Sport Business Strategy and Marketing at Coventry University , said . "  I think the sports market has now gone beyond simple endorsement , " he added . "  It 's now more a form of strategic collaboration where brands with convergent interests associate themselves with one another . " It is a momentous cover for the magazine which has largely steered cleared of controversial models . Among its more historic front pages was the September 1993 issue featuring Elaine George , the magazine 's first aboriginal model . However , "  This is definitely our most unusual cover , " said McCann . For many aspiring models , gracing the cover of Vogue would be the ultimate elevation to ` It Girl ' status . Galling then , that Black Caviar seems to have beaten them to the post yet again .	Vogue Australia features horse on front cover for first time Champion thoroughbred Black Caviar arguably greatest race horse Winning streak and beautiful physique capture nation 's imagination Photoshoot in secret location to protect horse worth almost $ 7m
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Jennifer Thomas was looking at life with renewed energy : She had just survived a serious operation , and she was at a crossroads in her career . After 20 years as a producer in the stressful business of TV news , the challenge was n't there for her anymore . For eight weeks , as she recovered from the removal of a large noncancerous tumor from her uterus , Thomas thought about her next steps . "  I told myself I was going to work to do the things that I enjoy , things that are related to the news , " she said . Thomas had recently conducted news production workshops for kids , so she already knew that she "  loved people and talking to people about the news . That made me start thinking that if I could do it all the time and get paid for it , I 'd really enjoy it . " Within a year , Thomas had left her job at CNN 's HLN network to start a Georgia-based media consulting business with clients such as singer/actress Jennifer Holliday , former Bell Biv DeVoe singer Ron DeVoe , actor Boris Kodjoe , actress Nicole Ari Parker and former supermodel Beverly Johnson . During her journey , Thomas learned that working for yourself often requires scary first steps , generous friends and mentors , and maintaining a healthy work-life balance . She 's the first to say that her story is not typical in any way , as she seemed to meet good luck at every turn . After her surgery , Thomas , who also had worked at CNN and NBC , began saving money and planning her business . As if on cue , HLN offered her a buyout to leave the company as part of a downsizing . "  It was my light bulb ` a-ha ' moment , " Thomas said . "  I was excited because in the back of my mind , it was what I had been praying for . " An opportunity to write a blog for a popular local women 's magazine got her some local attention . A journalist friend e-mailed Thomas , saying that he had connected with Johnson and suggesting that they meet . "  She called out of the blue , " Thomas said . " ` Hi , Jennifer ! It 's Beverly -- the model ! ' I was shocked . " Johnson needed no introduction . Thomas was very familiar with the first African-American model to win a cover on American Vogue magazine . In that year , 1974 , Thomas said Johnson 's beauty and status spoke volumes to her as a role model . "  When she called , I was like , ` shut up ! ' We were all like , ` no way ! ' I did n't think anything would come from it , but eventually , she said she would love to be my client . " Thomas made short work of helping Johnson successfully pitch her women 's health campaign to CNN , NBC and ABC . "  It was huge for me , " Thomas said . "  It showed me that the skills I may have taken for granted were very valuable to others . Here I was doing what just came natural to me -- working with the media -- and I 'm helping an iconic figure . It gave me such a feeling of gratification , and it gave me so much more confidence . " But snagging Johnson as her first client was n't easy . She had to start with smaller steps -- and the first step was a doozy : dealing with the fear . "  For me , it was fear of failure , " she said . "  Anyone who has worked with me knows I am driven to succeed , and failure is not an option . " "  But I 'm a woman of faith , " said Thomas , a preacher 's daughter with strong ties to her church . "  Friends told me that ` faith will give you the wings to fly when you jump off that cliff . ' " One way new consultants can boost their confidence is by compiling a list of experience and skills they 've gained during the past five years -- including successful projects , implementations and innovations . Experts recommend referring to that list whenever confidence dips . Thomas said she chose an area of consulting that was based on what she enjoys . "  Ask yourself , ` What would I do if I had to work for free ? ' " she says . Another tip : Find a mentor . "  Identify someone who 's successful and ask for practical advice , " she says . "  I found my mentor at my church . " Set aside time and money for a vacation , and guard it like gold , Thomas advises . Also , she says , determine how much income you need to stay afloat each month , and focus on that target like a laser . To be safe , experts advise aspiring consultants to start small , as a side business , while continuing to work elsewhere full time . But during a recession , keeping a full-time job and easing into consulting work is n't always possible . Unemployment has prompted many experienced professionals to launch consultant operations simply to survive . "  With the way the market has gone recently , there 's no shortage of people who are now saying that they 're consultants -- and many of them are not qualified to be consultants , " said Les Rubenovitch , president of Toronto-based Winning Edge Consultants Inc. "  Working for a company as an employee is very different from working for a company as a consultant . The credibility factor is critical if someone is going to engage you . " Those looking to quickly build credibility or credentials to accompany work experience may consider offering to do speaking engagements at a local college or university . Thomas showed her initiative by teaching herself to organize and lead an online seminar -- a Webinar -- aimed at showing doctors how to better communicate on TV . Financial planning is key to the success of a new consultant operation , according to experts . Thomas set aside savings to live on during the initial phase of her business . It took well into her first year for her business income to fully support her , Thomas says . That 's better than most new consultant businesses , experts say . It 's not unusual for new consultant businesses to take three years to make a profit . Thomas says she 's still not making as much money as she did in TV news , but she expects to reach that mark this year . She works about the same number of hours now as she did as a journalist -- about 40 per week , if not more . "  The big difference is , the hours are n't straight through -- they vary . " That 's not to say that Thomas has n't made mistakes . "  Do n't assume that things will come right away , " she advises . "  Realize that the opportunities that come to you may not be in the form of money -- but they 're still valuable . " Also worth keeping in mind : Do n't overwork yourself . "  I 'm still learning this , " Thomas said . "  I jumped in with both feet in the fire . Do n't burn yourself out . " If she were launching her business all over again , she says , she would build more "  me " time into her schedule . "  I may take a day at the beginning of the week where I do n't take clients and do paperwork -- or I just get a massage . " What 's the best thing about being your own boss ? Thomas laughs sheepishly . "  I can sleep in if I want to -- and schedule an appointment for lunch instead of early morning . "	Journalist leaves TV to launch consulting business Clients include Beverly Johnson , Boris Kodjoe , Nicole Ari Parker , Ron DeVoe , Jennifer Holliday Her tips : Love your work , save money , find mentors , set goals , take breaks Expert : Unemployment has increased number of less-than-qualified consultants
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Call it a case of high tech meeting low tech , really the lowest of tech . Satellites are locating penguin waste , which is easier to find than the penguins themselves British scientists are using pictures from high-powered satellites to pinpoint emperor penguin colonies in Antarctica . The penguins are difficult to pick up on sea ice , because of their natural camouflage that helps them blend into the shadows -- so the British Antarctic Survey had to come up with another method . Fortunately , penguin waste shows up nicely from space , staining the ice a light brown . "  We ca n't see actual penguins on the satellite maps because the resolution is n't good enough , " said mapping expert Peter Fretwell . "  But during the breeding season the birds stay at a colony for eight months . The ice gets pretty dirty and it 's the guano stains that we can see . " The method helped scientists identify 38 penguin colonies -- of those , 10 were new . Of previously known colonies , six had re-located and six were not found . "  This is a very exciting development . Now we know exactly where the penguins are , the next step will be to count each colony so we can get a much better picture of population size , " said penguin ecologist Phil Trathan . "  Using satellite images combined with counts of penguin numbers puts us in a much better position to monitor future population changes over time . " Estimates put the total number of penguins at between 200,000 and 400,000 breeding pairs .	British scientists are using a new way to pinpoint penguin colonies in Antarctica Satellites pick up images of penguin waste as actual penguins can not be seen The method helped scientists identify 38 penguin colonies -- of those , 10 were new
CNN  -- Three United Nations peacekeepers were killed in an ambush in a camp for displaced people in Sudan 's Darfur region , the global body said Tuesday . Two of the dead were soldiers ; the third was a police adviser for the joint U.N. and African Union mission in the troubled region . Another six peacekeepers were injured in the incident . They came under attack at 10:15 Monday night in the Zam Zam camp in North Darfur while the security unit was on patrol . One of the assailants was also killed , a statement from the joint mission said . It was unclear why the attack occurred . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon "  strongly condemns " the attack , the U.N. said in a statement . The attack was carried out by unidentified armed men while the peacekeepers were on a "  confidence-building patrol , " the statement said . Ban "  appeals to the Sudanese authorities to investigate the incident and to bring to justice the perpetrators as soon as possible , " according to the statement . The peacekeeping mission in Darfur is the world 's largest at 20,000 authorized troops . Since it began in 2008 , 33 peacekeepers have been killed . "  I condemn in the strongest terms this attack on our peacekeepers who have worked selflessly to bring security to the internally displaced persons of Zam Zam camp where so many Darfuris have sought refuge , " said Ibrahim Gambari , head of the mission . "  An attack on international peacekeepers is a war crime and we will ensure that justice will be served . " Darfur is among the most dangerous areas of operation for U.N. personnel . The region remains a tinderbox . At least 300,000 people have been killed and 2.7 million others driven from their homes as a result of fighting between Sudanese rebel groups and the Khartoum government and its allied armed militia . CNN 's James Partington contributed to the story .	The three peacekeepers were killed in an ambush The attack took place in a camp for internally displaced people in North Darfur The Darfur region remains a tinderbox
CNN  Turns out the Beagle had landed , after all . The 11-year-old mystery of what happened to the UK-sponsored Beagle 2 Mars lander on its trip to the red planet 's surface appeared to be mostly solved Friday with the announcement the craft had been spotted in high-resolution NASA images taken from orbit . The lander -- crammed with devices to look for signs of life on Mars -- never radioed home after hitching a ride aboard the European Space Agency 's Mars Express orbiter and dropping into the atmosphere on December 25 , 2003 . The images appear to show that the lander 's solar panels did n't fully open after landing , preventing the craft from getting power and exposing the antenna it would have used to communicate with controllers on Earth , according to the space agency . While the reasons for that failure remain unknown , the discovery of the lander helps solve one of the most enduring mysteries in Martian exploration , said Mark Sims , a Beagle 2 team member from the University of Leicester . "  Every Christmas Day since 2003 I have wondered what happened to Beagle 2 , " he said , adding that he 'd almost given up hope of ever knowing what had come of the lander . "  The highly complex entry , descent and landing sequence seems to have worked perfectly and only during the final phases of deployment did Beagle 2 unfortunately run into problems , " he said . The lander , which is less than 2 meters  6.56 feet  across when fully deployed , was first spotted in the NASA images by Michael Croon of Trier , Germany -- a former member of the European Space Agency 's Mars Express operations team , the UK Space Agency said . Croon is among a group of Beagle 2 team members who have spent years combing through images from NASA 's HiRISE camera , which is on the agency 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , looking for signs of the missing craft , the agency said . He found it in an area near the planned landing zone , an impact basin called Isidis Planitia close to the Martian equator . The grainy images appear to show the lander resting on the surface , its solar panels only partially deployed . The craft 's rear cover and parachutes are nearby . Had the lander deployed properly , a suite of onboard tools would have been used to analyze rocks , soil and atmosphere for signs of life . The lander -- the first European craft sent to the Martian surface -- was named after the HMS Beagle , the ship that carried Charles Darwin on a groundbreaking 5-year scientific survey . While its namesake resulted in no such breakthroughs , David Parker , chief executive of the UK Space Agency , said the discovery proves the Beagle 2 had its successes . "  The history of space exploration is marked by both success and failure , " he said . "  This finding makes the case that Beagle 2 was more of a success than we previously knew and undoubtedly an important step in Europe 's continuing exploration of Mars . "	A missing UK lander is spotted on the surface of Mars The Beagle 2 never radioed Earth after descending to the Martian surface in 2003
CNN  -- When you 're talking about Chris Hemsworth being named People magazine 's new Sexiest Man Alive , do n't make the mistake of calling him "  that guy from ` The Hunger Games . ' " No , Chris Hemsworth is the ripped Australian actor who 's made a name for himself as the hammer-wielding Thor in Marvel 's blockbuster movies . The Hemsworth who does star in "  The Hunger Games " franchise is actually Hemsworth 's younger brother , Liam . While the two siblings have competed for a role once before -- they actually both auditioned to play Marvel 's Norse god , with Liam being a serious contender -- there 's no beef between them about Chris landing at the top of People magazine 's "  sexy " list . "  Liam 's been good ; we 've been throwing sexy looks back and forth all week , " Hemsworth , 31 , said on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " Tuesday , where his People magazine cover was revealed . "  He 's been a real team player . " And what does Hemsworth himself think of his sexy status ? "  I 'm most excited about the ` alive ' portion of that statement , " Hemsworth joked . "  The sexy is a bonus , and I 'm flattered . " Aside from his hotness , here are a few other things you should know about the star : Before he was Thor , he was a TV star Down Under Chris Hemsworth earned his first acting credit in 2002 , and in 2004 he landed the role of Kim Hyde on the Australian soap opera "  Home and Away . " After starring on the series for three years , Hemsworth moved on to the big screen , landing a part in J.J. Abrams ' 2009 "  Star Trek " as George Kirk . He 's actually the middle Hemsworth brother There are two Hemsworth siblings that are currently dominating our movie screens , but there 's actually a third Hemsworth brother , Luke . He 's the eldest , and is three years older than Chris . "  We grew up surfing and stuff , " Liam , 24 , told Details magazine of their upbringing in Melbourne , Australia . "  That 's why we can laugh  at the movie industry  . This business is ridiculous . " He 's married to Spanish actress Elsa Pataky Just as Chris Hemsworth 's reputation as Hollywood 's newest heartthrob was taking off , he settled down and tied the knot with Spanish actress Elsa Pataky in 2010 . When his wife learned that she 's married to the "  Sexiest Man Alive , " she thought "  it was pretty funny , " Hemsworth told People . "  We had a good laugh about it . " Perhaps that 's because , in the Hemsworth household , Pataky still reigns as "  the sexiest thing in the world , " Hemsworth said . He 's a major family man Chris and Elsa have been steadily building a family since they wed in 2010 . In 2012 , the couple welcomed their first child , daughter India Rose , and in March 2014 they added twin boys to their brood . With his movie commitments , Hemsworth has admitted that it is n't easy balancing fatherhood with his superhero duties . "  It makes it harder and harder to leave and go to work , " he told People of being a dad last year . "  I enjoy being at home a lot more than I ever have . " He 's not only about Marvel movies So far , Hemsworth has starred in two "  Thor " movies -- 2011 's "  Thor " and 2013 's "  Thor : The Dark World " -- and he has a third sequel on the way . That 's not even counting the times he suits up to star in Marvel 's "  Avengers " movies . Between that demanding schedule , Hemsworth is squeezing in other dramatic work . In 2013 , he starred as British race car driver James Hunt in "  Rush , " and in 2015 he 'll appear in Ron Howard 's action adventure , "  In the Heart of the Sea , " and a comedy called "  Vacation . "	Chris Hemsworth is People magazine 's Sexiest Man Alive for 2014 The Marvel star has become a box office hit as Thor He 's also a father and older brother to "  Hunger Games " star Liam Hemsworth
Miami  CNN  -- A man who fled his trial on drug and racketeering charges in 1979 and eluded police in several different countries while on the run was arrested Thursday at a Florida senior living community , U.S. Marshals said . Mark Steven Phillips was arrested at the West Palm Beach , Florida , apartments by a U.S. Marshals "  Cold Case Fugitive Squad , " authorities said . Authorities woke him while he was sleeping , the statement said , and the lead deputy marshal told him , "  The judge wants to see you , Mark . " "  The judge wants to see me from 30 years ago ? " Phillips replied , according to the statement . Phillips was set to appear Thursday before a federal magistrate and will appear "  in the near future " before U.S. District Judge James Lawrence King -- "  the same judge he walked out on during his criminal trial , " the Marshals said . Phillips was arrested on May 2 , 1979 , and charged with participating in racketeering activity ; possession with intent to distribute marijuana ; unlawful use of a communication facility ; and engaging in a criminal enterprise , authorities said . Along with 13 other defendants , he was indicted and charged with violating the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organization  RICO  statutes , which charged that the organization imported "  multi-ton quantities of marijuana and cocaine " into the United States between October 1974 and April 1978 . Phillips was the corporate director for Fort Lauderdale , Florida-based Striker Aluminum Yachts and functioned as a broker to buy vessels "  so the interior of the boats could be restructured to afford maximum cargo area for the transportation of the loads of marijuana to be received from mother ships on the high seas , " the Marshals said . The 1979 indictment alleges that Phillips in March 1977 showed a co-conspirator two vessels that had recently been used to import 20 tons of marijuana into the United States , authorities said . In July 1977 , he allegedly went to an address in Miami and picked up "  a suitcase filled with money , " the U.S. Marshals statement said . "  Later that same night , he used the suitcase full of cash to purchase another yacht for $ 223,000 " for use on future marijuana smuggling trips , according to the indictment . Once the marijuana was distributed to "  the enterprise 's wholesale customers , " it was to be sold for $ 250 a pound , authorities alleged . Phillips was released from jail on July 5 , 1979 , after posting $ 25,000 bond , authorities said . His trial , along with that of his co-defendants , began on September 17 of that year . "  For approximately a month and a half , Phillips took part in his trial , but on November 5 , 1979 , Phillips got cold feet and failed to show up that day at the federal courthouse in Miami , " the Marshals said . King issued a bench warrant for his arrest . His trial continued , however , and Phillips was convicted in absentia of seven counts of participating in a racketeering activity and possession with intent to distribute marijuana . Authorities investigating Phillips ' disappearance received leads indicating he had fled the country , the Marshals said . In 1993 , police gathered intelligence that Phillips had fled to Santiago , Chile , and assumed a new identity . He married a local woman using the name Marcus Steffan and created a commercial fishing company with her called "  Fishing Research Inc. " The company paid him $ 125,000 annually , authorities said . By the time U.S. Marshals received documentation of his new identity , however , Phillips had already left Chile . Eight years later , the Marshals received information that Phillips was traveling between Chile and Germany , authorities said , and found a passport had been issued for a Marcus Steffan in 1991 and renewed in 1999 . Checking on the use of the Steffan name , investigators found Phillips had flown into New York from abroad several times . He had rented two penthouse apartments for $ 10,000 a month using the fake name , but was evicted in August 2000 , they said . He had traveled to Chile in February 2001 , authorities learned . He is thought to have remained in Chile until 2010 , when deputy marshals assigned to the cold case squad learned he had returned to the United States and obtained a Florida driver 's license using his real name , authorities said . They eventually developed new information about him renting an apartment at the West Palm Beach address , in a 55-and-older apartment complex . At the time of his arrest , it appeared Phillips was "  still living out of a suitcase , " the U.S. Marshals statement said , citing deputy marshals who arrested him . "  There were no clothes in the drawers in the apartment . All his belongings were contained in one travel bag . " U.S. Marshals Senior Inspector Barry Golden said it was unclear how much prison time Phillips might face . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Mark Phillips fled his trial in 1979 He was convicted in absentia Authorities tracked him to Chile and Germany Upon arrest , Phillips said , "  The judge wants to see me from 30 years ago ? "
Gannett  -- Obsidian Entertainment 's "  Alpha Protocol " looked promising in concept and presentation , especially with the slickly produced trailers posted to YouTube . But it fell short due to a subpar shooting and cover system , anything-but-intelligent artificial intelligence and outdated graphics . It 's too bad , really , because underneath it all is an interesting espionage , role-playing game -- one in which consequences are tied to your actions . But it 's difficult to get past the game 's shortcomings . "  Alpha Protocol " is a suspense thriller in which you play as a young operative named Michael Thornton , part of a top secret U.S. agency known as Alpha Protocol . Thornton must traverse the globe and execute dangerous missions . But how you go about tackling a major conspiracy -- whose participants include fanatical terrorists , corrupt politicians and ruthless businessmen -- is up to you . For example , you can choose to be stealthy and hide in the shadows , enter each scene with guns blazing or use persuasion to achieve your goals . At the start of the game , you can choose what kind of an agent you want to be : Soldier  heavy weapon use  , Field Agent  stealthier spy  , Tech Specialist  good hacker  , Freelancer  customize your starting skills  or the challenging Recruit option , who has no starting skills and little equipment . Then , as you progress through the missions , you can upgrade your skills by applying XP -- or "  experience points " -- in nine skill areas . These include martial arts , stealth , pistol use , sabotage or technical aptitude , just to name a few . Many of the situations in this third-person adventure have a time limit , too , which some players will love and others will loathe . Sure , it adds thrill to the task at hand , but it can be frustrating when you run out of time quickly , such as in some of the puzzle-based mini-games that require a lot of repetition to successfully complete . Conversations are often timed , too , so you 'll need to press a button on the controller to respond in a certain way . There are no bad choices , but choosing to be suave over aggressive , or vice versa , might help you get what you want easier , depending on whom you 're talking to . Problems with "  Alpha Protocol " include inaccuracies in aiming  the enemy can be square in your crosshairs , yet you somehow miss when you fire  ; glitches when taking cover behind objects  Michael 's body gyrates when he gets too close to a corner  ; a camera system that proves more frustrating than helpful ; enemies who just stand there and wait to be shot ; and graphics that look a few years out of date  though some of the locations are well-designed , including memorable levels in Saudi Arabia , Russia and Taiwan  . With more time and polish , "  Alpha Protocol " could have been one of the more interesting summer blockbusters , but its numerous flaws dampen the overall experience . That said , those looking forward to buying this single-player game might consider renting it for the weekend .	Game has subpar shooting and outdated graphics But at base , "  Alpha Protocol " is interesting espionage role-playing game Problems include inaccuracies in aiming , glitches when taking cover Reviewer gives the game 2.5 of 4 stars
BIG SUR , California  CNN  -- Thousands of people living in Paradise are fleeing their small northern California town Wednesday as wildfires charge into the area , officials said . A fire captain looks at the fire burning in southern Santa Barbara , California , on Tuesday . More than half the town 's 26,000 residents have been evacuated as firefighters struggled to battle growing wildfires in the area , authorities said . Residents of the nearby town of Concow had already been told to leave their homes . As of 10 a.m. about 14,000 people had been evacuated from Paradise , said Chuck Rough , director of the emergency operations center in the town . "  We do n't have much containment , " said Rough , who said thick smoke in the area had made it impossible to fight the fire by air Tuesday . "  Today we are holding our breath literally and figuratively . " The blaze -- one of several in Butte County -- has already torched 40 homes . It 's just one of the 1,780 wildfires that have scorched more than 614,000 acres in the state in the last few weeks . Most of the fires have been caused by lightning strikes . There were still 323 active fires Wednesday that were being battled by about 20,000 federal , state and local firefighters , authorities said . The fires near Paradise , which is about 90 miles north of Sacramento , California , threatened thousands of homes , according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection , known as Cal Fire . Residents streamed to shelters in the area , some not knowing if their homes had been destroyed , said Jeannine Olson , a volunteer nurse at Neighborhood Church in the nearby city of Chico . Olson said the church shelter was filled to capacity with about 150 people , and 20 more were living in their cars in the church parking lot . "  People are a little scared and are wondering what is going on , " she said . "  But people here are trying to handle this the best they can . " Wind gusts of more than 40 mph pushed the fire dangerously close to many residential communities in the area , said Cal Fire spokesman Daniel Berlant . Watch TV crew driven into fire " "  We were lucky that the winds did not pick up last night as it was predicted , " he said . "  But there are still some immediate threats . " Watch what 's left of burned home in Big Sur " Conditions seemed to be getting a little bit better in the fight against a wildfire near the central California coastal community of Big Sur . iReport.com : Share your photos , videos of the fires The mandatory evacuations in that area had been downgraded to an advisory Tuesday , according to local and federal fire officials . But the Basin Complex Fire was only 27 percent contained Wednesday , according to federal fire authorities . It has torched more than 86,700 acres , and containment is not expected until the end of the month . Watch why fires could be related to global warming " The nearby Indians Fire , in the Ventana Wilderness , was 97 percent contained after burning more than 81,000 acres , the U.S. Forest Service said . Further south , in coastal Santa Barbara County , the Gap Fire , which has burned 9,710 acres , was 55 percent contained , the Forest Service said .	NEW : Half of Paradise 's 26,000 residents have been forced to evacuate NEW : The blaze has torched 40 homes in the area , officials say Wind gusts , high temperatures make task harder for firefighters More than 614,000 acres have burned in California in past few weeks
CNN  -- There 's a coming showdown between Democrats and Republicans on the issue of income inequality . President Obama has called it the "  defining issue of our time . " Progressives recognize that sustaining unemployment benefits , increasing the minimum wage and ensuring equal pay are key weapons . Republicans , who recently voted to leave 1.3 million Americans in the cold by not extending unemployment benefits , frame the inequality debate as yet another attempt to implement liberal , anti-free market , big-government giveaways . Americans know better . In a speech last week , GOP presidential hopeful Marco Rubio said federal money should be given to the states to figure out how to deal with poverty . He called for replacing the Earned Income Tax Credit with a subsidy to encourage people to take low-wage jobs , and for the federal government to encourage marriage . He called President Lyndon Johnson 's War on Poverty a failure . But there is no question that without the War on Poverty , millions more would be in it today . Attempts to paint it any other way will backfire , as majorities of Americans support its policies . Republicans have a chance to show they are on the side of the American people in addressing poverty and inequality . America 's women and children , in particular , are depending on them . In fact , 50 years after Johnson declared war on poverty , an astonishing new report by Maria Shriver paints a bleak picture of today 's barren economic landscape for 42 million women and 28 million children . Shriver 's father , Sargent Shriver , helped lead the Johnson administration 's all-out campaign on behalf of the elderly , the hungry and vulnerable families and children . While facts show that without this effort many more Americans would be in poverty today , Maria Shriver 's report , "  A Woman 's Nation Pushes Back From the Brink , " describes a much-changed nation in which poverty wears a different face . On the one hand , it is indisputable that women have made much progress . A majority of women are now family breadwinners , and they hold more college degrees than men . Women have also made gains in reaching the highest levels in business and politics . But these benchmarks mask a disturbing reality : Too many women are one missed paycheck , one illness , one hospital visit or car breakdown away from economic disaster . A recent best-seller urged career women to "  lean in " to succeed in the workplace . The Shriver report underscores how many women lie awake at night worrying that they could fall out of the middle or working class and into the ranks of the poor . While many of us are pondering how to have it all , these strong women are doing it all , without having much . Shamefully , the richest country in the world does not invest enough to allow women to keep fueling America 's economic growth while securing their own economic futures and those of their children . The report lists many reasons for this predicament -- the lack of well-paying jobs that offer upward mobility ; the change in the family structure where majorities of low-income women , many of them single , are heads of households ; and most importantly , the lack of good education . Those are the overarching realities , but there are many more subtle , hidden aspects of the economic landscape for women in America . One-third live in or on the brink of poverty . They struggle to get their children to school at 7 for breakfast , so they can take their mothers to medical appointments and still make it to work by 9 . Forty-two million women represent two-thirds of minimum-wage workers in the country , and women still make just 77 % of what men make . So what can be done ? For starters , we can fix the wage discrepancy between men and women . This could cut the poverty rate in half for struggling working women and it would represent an economic stimulus of half a trillion dollars . The Shriver report also outlines a set of other public policy solutions , including raising the minimum wage for all and helping women access better paying jobs through job training . It describes how government support structures could allow for better and more affordable child care , enabling women to balance the roles of caregiver and breadwinner . And in a surprising revelation , it uncovers the regret many of these low-income women express about marrying early -- and also , in many cases , their satisfaction at having gotten divorced . Republican lectures about marriage and family values will not work to solve poverty . But making education and child care accessible , closing the wage gap and leveling the playing field will . Republicans should note that one of the studies in the Shriver report shows that women of color -- a key demographic with whom the party desperately needs to make inroads -- overwhelmingly believe government has a role to play in providing adaptive workplace structures and policies that support today 's contemporary families . No , this is not a plea for a handout . These women , while in a more financially precarious position than their white counterparts , are also more optimistic about their futures . As in : I want to work hard and know there are better economic opportunities out there for me to succeed . These policy solutions the report offers are not new ; progressives have been fighting for them for a very long time . But it also outlines what we can do as individuals , communities and corporations . We can , for example , help young girls make smarter choices , promote a "  college before kids " mentality , and help businesses identify best practice policies that can better support low-wage women workers . So let 's forgo the showdown . These are common-sense proposals that uphold mainstream principles of taking care of our families and children . They are not liberal , progressive or Democratic values . They are American values that will protect and secure the American dream for everyone once and for all . Americans expect our leaders from both parties to uphold them . Let 's get to work . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maria Cardona .	Maria Cardona : In parties ' inequality debate , GOP has chance to show it gets it She says economy 's failure to help Americans seen clearly in the lot of women , children She says women need equal wages , workplace policies that support women Cardona : Rubio , GOP slam War on Poverty policies ; issue needs attention , not partisanship
Washington  CNN  -- Top Democratic strategists in Washington are already beginning one of the city 's oldest traditions -- second-guessing a losing election strategy before what is expected to be a stinging defeat in Tuesday 's midterm elections . One of the key debates to emerge is whether Democratic candidates were too cautious in avoiding President Barack Obama at all costs . "  Running away from the president is never smart , " said one top Democratic strategist who has worked with both the White House and Senate candidates this midterm cycle . "  You look like chicken s -- , " the strategist added on condition of anonymity . A White House official who also asked not to be named so he could speak freely argued Democrats still have a chance to hold the Senate . "  We do n't think anything is done until election day , " the official said in an email that included election day polls in 2012 that showed the president tied with Mitt Romney . Obama went on to win a decisive victory . Still , the conventional wisdom to banish the president from key Senate battlegrounds , in favor of either Bill and Hillary Clinton , Vice President Joe Biden , and even First Lady Michelle Obama made sense to most Senate Democratic campaigns . The president 's low approval numbers plus the conservative terrain at risk for Democrats in Arkansas , Alaska and Louisiana was a "  toxic combination , " as another top strategist put it . The problem with that approach , according to Democratic midterm second-guessers , is that it left the party with little to offer voters . "  I am becoming convinced that many Democrats made a mistake in trying to run away from President Obama and the Democratic party agenda , " said Jim Manley , a former spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . "  How is the base supposed to get excited when elected Democrats are going to such great length to put as much distance as the can between them and a president that was elected twice by the American people , " Manley asked . One of the lasting memories of the 2014 midterm elections will likely be Kentucky Democratic Senate candidate Alison Lundergan Grimes ' refusal to say whether she even voted for Obama . "  She was an Obama delegate , " complained one strategist about Grimes . "  Of course she voted for him . " The president did not want to tell candidates how to run their campaigns , his aides said . Instead , Obama appeared almost exclusively with Democratic gubernatorial candidates . But his message was clearly aimed at firing up his party 's base . Obama has consistently prodded Democrats to get off the couch , take their cousin "  Pookie " with them , and vote . Democrats , the president has argued time and again , have a "  congenital defect " when it comes to casting ballots in midterms . "  The number of eligible voters who vote typically in a midterm is like in the 30s . I mean , Ukraine just went through an election -- they got a war going on , they had about 60 percent turnout , " Obama said Sunday of the percentage of Americans who go to the polls in midterm elections . "  There is no excuse for us to just give away our power . If you wonder why things do n't happen , if you wonder why sometimes elected officials do n't seem responsive , it 's because so many of us stay at home , " he added at an event with Pennsylvania gubernatorial candidate Tom Wolf . Despite that feisty tone , Obama remained behind closed doors Monday , one day before the midterms . Also missing are any mentions of the president 's record . Obama no longer uses the line about his polices being "  on the ballot " on Tuesday , after some of his supporters complained publicly . But other strategists worry the aversion to all things Obama went too far , noting few Democratic candidates have spent much time pointing to the lowering unemployment rate , among a range of hopeful economic indicators . "  Many Democratic candidates blurred the choice so much that voters figured ` well if I 'm going to have a choice between two Republicans I might as will choose the one that calls themselves one , ' " griped a party operative . Candidates also matter , several seasoned Democratic operatives argued . Iowa Democratic Senate candidate Bruce Braley 's gaffe in describing the state 's popular Republican Sen. Charles Grassley as an "  Iowa farmer who never went to law school , " was a key mistake according to one strategist . A Braley loss to his Republican challenger , Joni Ernst , would give the GOP two Senate seats in a state Obama won twice , after he defeated Hillary Clinton in the 2008 Iowa caucuses . In a sign of just how much his Iowa star power has faded in six years , the president was never called in to campaign on behalf of Braley . In addition , the president was kept out of Colorado and New Hampshire , two states he also captured in 2008 and 2012 . Ben LaBolt , a former Obama White House and campaign spokesman , maintained Democrats are striking the right balance . "  It makes little sense to publicly deploy him in states he did n't win , " LaBolt said . "  However , he can and is doing surgical things to help Democratic candidates like fundraising and rallying the young and diverse constituencies that carried him to victory and could make the difference in close races . "	Some Democratic strategists think candidates tried too hard to avoid the president President Barack Obama has a sagging approval rating nationally and in key states That said , some on the left think running away from a sitting president is a losing strategy Republicans look poised to pick up the six seats they need to reclaim the Senate
The first Iraq war combat veteran to serve in the U.S. Senate introduced legislation on Thursday aimed at reducing the number of military veterans who commit suicide . No matter the cost of the measures urged in the sweeping bill , "  that is the cost of war , " Democratic Sen. John Walsh of Montana told CNN . Every day , 22 veterans commit suicide . To Walsh , that is more than a number . From 2004 to 2005 , he commanded an infantry battalion of the Montana National Guard in Iraq . When the unit returned home , one of Walsh 's soldiers committed suicide . When Walsh became adjutant general of the Montana National Guard , a few more guardsmen died by suicide . Read more at CNN 's ` The Uncounted ' "  Far too often , we 're leaving our veterans to fight their toughest battles alone , " Walsh said . "  Returning home from combat does not erase what happened there , and yet red tape and government dysfunction have blocked access to the care that saves lives . It is our duty to come together for real solutions for our heroes , " Walsh told CNN on Thursday . The Suicide Prevention for America 's Veterans Act is collaboration between Walsh and the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America . Founded in 2004 , IAVA is the first and largest organization for new veterans and their families , with 270,000 members nationwide . The next step for Walsh is to get a co-sponsor for the bill . He said he 's already received bipartisan support behind the scenes . The veterans organization is working on getting a similar bill in the House , said IAVA political director Kate O'Gorman . What 's in the bill ? Among the bill 's key objectives is to give veterans more time to receive mental health treatment . Currently , when a service member separates from active duty -- whether they are transitioning to being a veteran or becoming a Reservist or a member of the National Guard -- they have five years to receive care from the Department of Veterans Affairs , O'Gorman said . Sometimes it can take longer than five years for service members and veterans to realize they 're experiencing the symptoms of Post Traumatic Stress and other mental injuries . Read the bill  PDF About 25 % of IAVA 's members , O'Gorman said , have experienced a delayed onset of PTSD after getting out of the service . Many times , five years is just not long enough for veterans who are dealing with the stigma of mental health issues . It can take many years to emotionally come to grips with the diagnosis alone , and then it takes time to find and receive the right care . To address that , Walsh 's bill would extend the time to receive mental health treatment from five years to 15 years . Watch : Veteran talk about long struggle with PTSD before receiving help The legislation also seeks to improve the quality of mental health care providers by making their jobs more competitive with the private sector , O'Gorman said . Right now there are more than 1,000 open jobs at the VA for mental health care jobs , including psychiatric nurses , physician assistants and psychiatrists , among others , she said . The bill will introduce a pilot initiative that would allow a student to have their loans repaid if they work for the VA , O'Gorman said . It also calls for annual reviews of care programs within the Defense Department and the VA to ensure resources are being used effectively to help service members and vets struggling with mental health issues . Further , the legislation points out that the VA and the Defense Department use two different computer systems and mandates that those systems be amended so that they speak to each other more seamlessly . The legislation would also try to streamline the way the Pentagon and the VA prescribe medication . Currently , they use different drug prescription protocols , Walsh and military experts told CNN , and that can create a difficult situation . For example , a service member overcomes the hurdle of admitting they need care , seeks help from a DOD doctor and , after several tries , gets on a drug that works for him or her . When that warrior become a veteran , they go to a VA doctor only to be told that the drug the DOD doctor gave them is not available under VA protocols . The bill was introduced the same week that Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America held its annual Storm the Hill initiative . Teams comprised of four veterans whoses live have been rocked by a fellow warrior 's suicide met with lawmakers in Washington . The veterans shared their stories , and implored those in power to do something substantial to address the problem . Dollar costs and mental costs It 's unclear how much it would cost to do everything the bill lays out , according to Andrea Helling , Walsh 's spokeswoman . Walsh is waiting for the Congressional Budget Office to provide a figure , she said . But the senator stressed that it will cost far more in years to come if changes are not made soon to improve mental health care . The legislation comes at a time of fierce belt tightening in the armed forces . In February , the Pentagon said it would reduce the size of the Army to pre-Word War II numbers , retire the a popular A-10 "  Warhog " attack jet and reduce some benefits for warriors . "  This is a budget that recognizes the reality of the magnitude of our fiscal challenges , the dangerous world we live in , and the American military 's unique and indispensable role in the security of this country and in today 's volatile world , " Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel said in February . "  There are difficult decisions ahead , " he said . "  That is the reality we 're living with . " Downsizing due to modernization and budget constraints began under Hagel 's predecessor , Robert Gates . The Iraq and Afghanistan wars are the longest continuous battles the United States has fought . The Iraq war lasted from 2003 to 2010 and Afghanistan has been raging since soon after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . President Barack Obama has said that the United States could withdraw all troops from Afghanistan by the end of 2014 . More than 2 million Americans have served in combat in those two wars . Researchers estimate that as many as 300,000 service members may meet criteria for PTSD and between 200,000 and 300,000 have suffered a traumatic brain injury from mild to severe , according to Dr. Stephen Cozza with the Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress . The nonprofit think-tank RAND Corporation estimates a third of veterans likely have TBI , PTSD or depression , which puts the overall number affected at around 600,000 . A large body of research indicates PTSD is associated with increased likelihood of suicidal behavior . Beyond the bill Walsh was sworn into the U.S. Senate in January after Montana Gov. Steve Bullock named Walsh , his lieutenant governor , to serve the remainder of Sen. Max Baucus ' term after he became U.S. ambassador to China . Walsh is running for election in November . Walsh 's legislation , IAVA 's O'Gorman told CNN , has bipartisan support . And the goal is to get it passed by Memorial Day , far before an election is a concern . Walsh said lawmakers must also address suicides amongst military family members , too . The Pentagon is currently not tracking the number of suicides among relatives . CNN recently explored the topic and spoke to dozens of relatives who said they had contemplated or attempted killing themselves . Warrior suicides and military family member suicides are "  connected , " Walsh said . Speaking about a warrior under his command who had been deployed three times whose wife was left to care for triplets , Walsh said he understood that families have been under extreme stress for years . The relatives have made "  enormous sacrifices , " he said .	Sen. John Walsh has introduced legislation to reduce military suicides Walsh is the first Iraq war combat veteran to serve in the U.S. Senate "  We 're leaving our veterans to fight their toughest battles alone , " Walsh said The bill would give veterans more time to receive mental health care
CNN  -- The race to the South Pole is off -- although the trek still continues for Prince Harry and teams of wounded veterans . Ed Parker , the expedition director of the Virgin Money South Pole Allied Challenge , revealed Saturday that he 'd made the decision to call off the competition among three teams to reach the pole after five days . "  The reason for this is entirely simple -- safety , which remains the core principal of our expeditions , " Parker said in a statement . It was n't bad weather that led to the decision , and Parker even said that "  all three teams were progressing well " over the first five days . Rather , it was the fact that the mission -- especially as a competition -- was putting undue strain on the participants . "  It was becoming evident that there was a higher degree of stress imposed on the team members , due to unprecedented terrain on the plateau , " said Parker , a former British soldier who co-founded Walking With The Wounded in 2010 . Prince Harry -- himself a member of Britain 's armed forces , having served in Afghanistan and elsewhere -- has had a long association with this charity . In several ways , he 's been preparing for this latest mission for a long time . That includes taking part in a Walking With The Wounded expedition to the North Pole -- even plunging into the Arctic Ocean 's freezing waters -- in 2011 before withdrawing to attend his brother William 's wedding . More recently , he traveled to Iceland for training and even spent 24 hours in an industrial freezer in preparation for the South Pole race . Yet , while Harry may be the only royal in Antarctica , he 's hardly the only celebrity . Swedish actor and "  True Blood " star Alexander Skarsgard is an honorary member of the U.S. team , while Dominic West , perhaps best known for his role as McNulty in "  The Wire , " joins veterans wounded in combat from the Commonwealth nations of Canada and Australia . Still , the stars -- and focus of the event -- are the veterans themselves . The three teams of seven participants each represent the United Kingdom , United States and the Commonwealth , which consists of several countries long affiliated with the British empire . The plan was to trek more than 200 miles  322 kilometers  across the sparse continent , in temperatures as low as -35 degrees Celsius  -31 Fahrenheit  . And that 's still the plan ; it 's just that they wo n't be racing . The participants on Sunday are set to resuming the walk , hoping to traverse the 70 remaining miles to the South Pole "  with no stress being placed on the teams ... enabling them all to do this in their own time , " Parker explained . Parker said he expects them all to reach that , by Friday or Saturday of next week , all of them will be at the finish "  celebrating . " CNN 's Pierre Meilhan , Max Foster and Susannah Cullinane contributed to this report .	The Virgin Money South Pole Allied Challenge is nixed , its director says The reason is "  safety , " specifically the "  stressed imposed " on participants Prince Harry , Alexander Skarsgard participate alongside wounded vets They 'll continue to go to the South Pole , but just wo n't be competing
CNN  -- Every day millions of women apply lipstick without a second thought . What many do n't know is that lipsticks may contain lead , the notorious metal that can cause learning , language and behavioral problems . Lead is a neurotoxin and can be dangerous even at small doses . So what 's lead doing in lipsticks ? Not all lipsticks contain lead , but a number of studies in recent years show that the metal is more prevalent than previously thought . In 2007 , the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics conducted a study -- "  A Poison Kiss " -- that detected lead in 61 % of the 33 lipsticks tested , with levels ranging from 0.03 ppm to 0.65 ppm . Parts per million  ppm  is the measurement of lead in the environment . Medical experts say there is no safe level of lead in the blood . The FDA says it does n't consider the lead levels it found in lipsticks to be a safety issue . No lipstick lists lead as an ingredient . The amounts are small , but the presence of lead in lipstick , which is ingested and absorbed through the skin , raises concerns about the safety of a cosmetic product that is wildly popular among women . Urged on by both consumers and the cosmetics industry , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration conducted its own testing in 2010 . The FDA 's results were even more astonishing : The agency detected lead in all 400 lipsticks tested , ranging from 0.9 to 3.06 ppm -- four times higher than the levels observed in the study done by Campaign for Safe Cosmetics . And lead is n't the only toxic metal you may be applying to your lips . In a recent study , University of California researchers tested eight lipsticks and 24 lip glosses and detected nine toxic heavy metals , including chromium , cadmium , manganese , aluminum and lead . The FDA said , "  We have assessed the potential for harm to consumers from use of lipstick containing lead at the levels found in both rounds of testing . Lipstick , as a product intended for topical use with limited absorption , is ingested only in very small quantities . We do not consider the lead levels we found in the lipsticks to be a safety concern . " Likewise , the cosmetics industry also does n't see this as an issue , saying that the dose makes the poison -- in other words , the trace amounts of heavy metals in lipsticks are not harmful . But the FDA noted , "  Although we do not believe that the lead content found in our recent lipstick analyses poses a safety concern , we are evaluating whether there may be a need to recommend an upper limit for lead in lipstick in order to further protect the health and welfare of consumers . " Indeed , what the FDA and the cosmetics industry have been ignoring is cumulative exposure and potential long-term adverse effects . It 's true that a single lipstick application will not lead to harm . And the good news is that not all lipsticks contain detectable levels of lead or other heavy metals .  And by the way , cost does n't seem to be a factor ; a cheap or expensive lipstick is n't the determinant of how much lead is present . The problem is when women who wear lipstick apply it two to 14 times a day , according to the University of California study . The result is that they are ingesting and absorbing through their lips as much as 87 milligrams of product a day , the study says . Women are not only applying their lipsticks several times a day , but they also are doing this in the span of a whole lifetime , which means that exposure to lead and other heavy metals adds up and can potentially affect their health . One challenge for people wanting to avoid exposure is that none of the metals , with the exception of aluminum , are deliberately added to lipsticks and lip glosses . The metals are contaminants that are present in the pigments and base materials used to make the products . Because the metals are not ingredients , cosmetics companies are not required to list them on products ' ingredient labels . The law regulating cosmetics passed Congress in 1938 and has never been updated . The FDA possesses no legal authority to make sure products are safe before they are sold . Nor is the agency empowered to pull dangerous products from store shelves . It 's the Wild West for cosmetics companies , which have very few rules restricting chemical ingredients used in everything from shampoos to lotions to lipsticks . As the contamination of lip products with heavy metals makes it clear , allowing the industry to police itself is not the best idea . We need the FDA to be empowered by Congress and to take action so women wo n't face any health risks when they put on makeup . Cosmetics companies should be required to adhere to a standard for best manufacturing processes to limit metal contamination . For now , consumers should take precautions to protect themselves from heavy metal exposure from lip products . First , use less . If you find yourself reapplying lipstick 14 times a day , consider cutting back . Second , do n't let children use lipstick , as their young bodies are especially vulnerable to toxic metals . Then let 's get to work to make sure that by the time they 've grown up , we have solved the problem of toxic chemicals in cosmetics .	Sharima Rasanayagam : Studies found higher level of lead in some lipsticks Rasanayagam : This raises concerns about the safety of a popular product She says FDA and cosmetic industry should pay attention to long-term effects Rasanayagam : Congress needs to update the laws regulating cosmetics
CNN  The 110th birthday of former Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping was celebrated on August 22 with an exhibition , a television biopic , and a series of national events . The "  paramount leader " ruled for more than a decade , kick-starting China 's market economic reform . All these events have prompted much talk not just on Deng but also on Chinese president Xi Jinping . Straws in the wind here hint that China is again entering an era of strongman rule . Less than two years after Xi took over the top Communist Party post , Xi 's leading position is looking virtually unassailable . He now holds the top posts in the party , state and the military . Recently , he has cleverly maneuvered to put himself at the head of two new supra-ministerial bodies . The "  central leading group on national security " gives him the final say on diplomatic , military , security , police and intelligence institutions . The other leading group on "  deepening of economic reform " gives him oversight on economic affairs , clipping the power of Premier Li Keqiang , China 's No. 2 leader and the de facto COO of the economy . This , China analysts say , signifies that Xi has become the most powerful Chinese leader since the death of Deng in 1997 . Mao or Deng ? Xi 's shrewd moves makes China watchers wonder : Is he mimicking Mao , who wielded absolute power during his decades-long rule ? Is he building a cult of personality that befits an omnipotent modern-day emperor ? To be sure , Xi does not approve of totally repudiating Mao . "  To completely negate Mao Zedong would lead to the demise of the Communist Party of China and to great chaos in China , " Xi said early last year . He rejected "  historical nihilism , " instead advocating "  not being negative about the 30 years before Deng Xiaoping 's economic reform . " Still , some China experts say Xi is not following Mao 's policies . "  If you look at what he does and how he does it , I do n't see much Maoism , " said Ezra Vogel , a retired Harvard professor and author of the book "  Deng Xiaoping and the Transformation of China . " "  I see much more of Deng Xiaoping . " Vogel recalled how Xi chose Shenzhen as the site of his first "  inspection tour " as president . The Special Economic Zone is where Deng Xiaoping experimented with his market-reform in the early 1980s . Xi referred to that in his speech commemorating the 110th anniversary of the birth of the late Deng . "  It was a very sentimental thing , " Vogel noted . "  I think the effect of the speech and what Xi was trying to say is that ` Ok , Deng was a bold leader who tried to make changes . I 'm going to make some changes too . ' " Like Deng , Vogel explained , Xi believes that the country must be strong . "  But he felt in the end that only if the country had enough internal stability could you make changes , " the Harvard professor said . "  And he was quite cautious about releasing and allowing more freedom until the conditions were met . It looks to me that Xi Jinping was very much following it . " Keeping friends close The Harvard historian has not seen much sign that Xi wants to be more democratic . "  He has been very tough on corruption , and the way I see it now he 's beginning to talk about the law , the legal reform , " he said . Early this month the Communist Party announced that Zhou Yongkang , the former public security minister and member of China 's Politburo Standing Committee , would be investigated "  on suspicion of grave violations of discipline . " This is by far the biggest step Xi has taken in his anti-corruption campaign , confirming his pledge to take on the "  tigers "  top officials  as well as "  flies "  minor violators  . Like Deng , Vogel added , Xi wants to centralize things in his own hands . "  He wants to be a strong leader . He wants to make bold decisions . And he wants to make it very clear that he 's in charge . " Xi is in a hurry to take charge . Since he took over top posts , he has been moving allies into key Party , government and military positions . "  It took  former president  Jiang Zemin 10 years to promote his trusted commanders to top military posts , " says one Chinese source who requested anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the topic . "  It took  Xi 's predecessor  Hu Jintao four to do the same . Xi is doing it in two years . " Liu Yuan , an army general and , like Xi , a well-connected "  princeling "  he is the son of the late Chinese president Liu Shaoqi  , is poised to be elevated into the military commission , the source said . Current Shanghai party chief Han Zheng is also expected to move to Beijing to join the Leading Group on Economic Reform . Top-level reshuffles are expected to be finalized during a policy meeting , called a "  plenum , " of the nearly 400 members of the Communist Party 's elite scheduled in October . After this round of changes , the Chinese source said , "  about 70 % of top leaders in the provinces and major cities and some ministries will have been replaced or reshuffled . It 's the second stage of Xi 's plan to put in his people . " "  Historic mission " Supporters of Xi 's attempts to accumulate power say he needs to do so to deal with a host of pressing challenges . I asked whether this makes him a dictator in the making . "  Every leader in the world does this , " the source said . "  If Hillary  Clinton  becomes the next U.S. president , she will also do the same -- put people you trust in critical posts . " Leading China 's transition , he said , is an extraordinarily difficult job . Xi 's admirers say he a pragmatist who is more goal-oriented than ideologically driven . "  It 's not really a question of whether Xi is a conservative or a reformist , " said the Chinese source . "  He is poised to make big changes because he truly believes he has a historic mission to achieve his China Dream . He wants to keep the Communist Party in power but he also wants to push China to the next level . " How Xi will achieve his goals remains undefined , but one thing is clear : Xi does not welcome unsolicited advice . Earlier , he had been heard saying , off-the-cuff : "  Westerners with full stomachs should not be lecturing China . " Said in the fashion of Mao and Deng .	Xi has become the most powerful Chinese leader since the death of Deng Xiaoping in 1997 China watchers compare Xi 's ruling strategy to those of Mao Zedong and Deng China insider : "  Xi truly believes he has a historic mission to achieve the China Dream "
Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley signed a law Tuesday that drastically raises the safety requirements for abortion clinics to operate -- a measure that he says "  has been endorsed by pro-life groups across America . " But Planned Parenthood immediately warned of "  an almost certain legal challenge , " saying the new law 's requirements "  would be difficult for nearly all providers to meet " and would shut down clinics . Bentley , a Republican , hailed the new law . "  As a physician , and as a governor , I am proud to sign this legislation , " he said in a statement . "  This bill provides appropriate standards of care . " Doctors who provide abortions must have admitting privileges at local hospitals , the governor 's office said . A similar new law in Mississippi has put that state 's only abortion provider "  on the verge of closing " because of such an admitting privileges requirement , Planned Parenthood said . That clinic is challenging the Mississippi law in federal court , saying the state would end up banning abortion because the clinic 's doctors have n't been able to gain the privileges . Nikema Williams , vice president of public policy for Planned Parenthood Southeast , said that "  medical experts agree that laws requiring admitting privileges for abortion do n't increase health or safety for a woman . "  They just limit a woman 's access to safe and legal abortion , " Williams said in a statement . "  As a high-quality health care provider working every day to support women 's health and safety , Planned Parenthood is evaluating every possible option to protect the health of women in the face of this dangerous law and blatant attack on women 's health and rights , " she said . The Alabama measure passed by overwhelming majorities in both houses of the state legislature . Mike Hubbard , speaker of the Alabama House of Representatives , has said , "  With the passage of this legislation , we are doing everything we can to ensure the procedure is performed in a safe and healthy environment . " North Dakota governor signs law banning most abortions Once signed , Alabama 's new law would require abortion clinics to meet the standards of an "  ambulatory surgical center , " Staci Fox , a spokeswoman for Planned Parenthood , has said . This means the state 's five abortion clinics would have to remodel to increase the sizes of rooms and doorways . "  It puts an undue burden on existing facilities . All of this makes it harder to access health care , " Fox said . The new law also requires doctors at the clinics to ask pregnant minors under age 16 seeking an abortion who the father is , according to a summary of the legislation provided by Hubbard 's office . The pregnant minor will be able to refuse to give the father 's name and age . Arkansas lawmakers back nation 's most restrictive abortion bill If the girl provides the name and the father is two or more years older than the girl , the facility will have to report the pregnant girl and father to police , the legislation says . The legislation is designed to prevent abuse . The law is the centerpiece of the "  We Dare Defend Our Right to Life " section of the House Republican caucus 's 2013 legislative agenda . The law 's House sponsor , Rep. Mary Sue McClurkin , a Republican from Indian Springs Village , Alabama , said abortion clinics truly dedicated to care "  will embrace this legislation rather than oppose it . "  For far too long , Alabama has had more health regulations in place to protect your cat or dog at a vet clinic than it does for a woman receiving an abortion ; this law will correct that shameful disparity , " McClurkin said in a statement .	Planned Parenthood warns of "  an almost certain legal challenge " Similar new law in Mississippi is about to shut down its last abortion clinic The governor , who 's a physician , says law is "  endorsed by pro-life groups " State has had more regulations for vet clinics than a woman seeking abortion , sponsor says
Surabaya , Indonesia  CNN  The man who captained AirAsia Flight QZ8501 lived in a picturesque neighborhood in the suburbs of Surabaya , Indonesia 's second-largest city . We headed there to see if family members or friends wanted to talk to us about him . These types of assignments are never easy . We are well aware that the last thing many people in mourning want to do is to talk to a journalist . I 've done this long enough to know that the smart thing is to have the decency to offer condolences and leave if mourners say they do n't want to talk . But this family did n't feel that way . They were gracious and warm to us , and invited us to join other mourners who were with them . Experienced pilot The captain of the ill-fated airliner , known only as Irianto -- many Indonesians go by one name -- had been with AirAsia for six years . He had worked for another airline in Indonesia for 13 years before that , and was an Indonesian Air Force pilot for a decade prior . When we arrived at his home , his wife , Widya Sukatri Putri , answered the door . She and Irianto have two children ; a daughter named Angela who is about to turn 25 , and a 7-year-old son named Arya . We told her we wanted to do a story about Irianto , that we hoped to find out what kind of husband and father he was ; what kind of man and pilot he was . She invited us inside where we offered our condolences and asked if she would to talk to us on camera . She told us she was n't sure if she wanted to talk , but invited us to come back later in the morning . We came back two hours later and the house was full of family and friends offering support to Widya , her children , and Irianto 's elderly mother and father . What was taking place in the house was an Indonesian tradition known as a layat , a visitation by people when there is death in a family . There were dozens of people , old and young , sitting on the floor of Irianto 's home . The house was so crowded that other mourners sat out in the front of the house , and some sat at tables that had been put in the middle of the closed off street . ` Kind and loving ' father and husband Widya and Angela , her daughter , invited us to sit down with them , and it was there that they decided they did want to say a few words to us about Irianto . The portrait they painted about this man made it clear that he was kind and loving , fun and even-tempered , hard working and dedicated . I marveled at how kind Irianto 's wife and children were to us , how kind his parents were to us . They were suffering so much , yet they wanted to make us feel at home . I told his daughter not to worry about us . She told me her father had taught her to be hospitable . Angela is not ready to give up hope that someway , somehow he and other people on the plane might still be alive . But she knows that is unlikely and told us she is prepared to accept reality . This family made it very evident they were lucky to have Irianto in their lives . We said our goodbyes to this gracious family , realizing that the fated plane 's pilot was also very lucky to have them .	CNN crew speaks to the family of the captain of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 Irianto was a highly-experienced former air force pilot Pilot 's wife describes him as a kind and loving man who was hard-working and dedicated Daughter holds out hope that he and other passengers may have survived
CNN  -- The first time I met Nelson Mandela was almost exactly 20 years ago . It was my first week in the Clinton administration and I had joined a trip to South Africa with my boss , Commerce Secretary Ron Brown . South Africa had yet to complete its transition to representative democracy , yet to put the stain of apartheid behind it . But the transformation had started . A reception was held for our delegation and Mandela was present . Charismatic , preternaturally graceful and dignified , he quietly chatted with each member of the group , posing for photos , smiling . One can only imagine how discordant his new role as hero and dignitary and certain future president was with his fairly recent past as a prisoner . But on a rolling green lawn in an elegant setting , he was the still center of the universe for all present . This father of change seemed to embody the unchanging , the enduring . I stood to the side , not wanting to get between him and the visiting CEOs and dignitaries . After a while , he and Brown seemed to notice that I was at the edge of the gathering , clearly shy . They exchanged a word or two and then Ron beckoned me over . He introduced me to Mandela and for just a few minutes the three of us spoke . This would be a better story if I remembered a word of what was said . But I do n't . I just remember that Mandela took the time , made the connection , seemed to listen to what I was saying and that at the end of it all , he said , "  Thank you for coming to South Africa . " The notion of him thanking me for anything , even as a polite gesture , was absurd . Of all the leaders I have known in my life , and it has been my good fortune to meet quite a few , none conveyed leadership as effortlessly . While he had yet to achieve his apotheosis -- the moment when the old South African regime ended and he , its onetime victim , was elevated to preside over a new , hopeful , incomparably more equitable era -- even by the time I met him , he had achieved a unique status on the world stage . He had made his remarkable journey and achieved victory in his nonviolent way . He had entered history and hearts worldwide . He did n't need an election to lead his people . He simply led . He inspired . But there was something more . Mandela was a great symbol , but he was elevated further still by a particular moment in the history of the planet . Seven years earlier , in the Philippines , Corazon Aquino had led the People Power Revolution that ousted the Marcos regime . Three years after that , people crowded Tiananmen Square and sent the unmistakable message that China must change . They were put down , but their spirit so endures that the memory of their uprising still galvanizes the Chinese people and puts fear in the heart of many in the Chinese leadership . And just a few months after that the Velvet Revolution toppled the Communist regime in Czechoslovakia . Elsewhere throughout the former Soviet Union , pillars of its strength were crumbling and by 1991 , that onetime superpower had fallen . Mandela had been released from prison in February 1990 . Imagine the upheaval in those years . The unshakable had been shaken . The unbreakable had been broken . Those whose power seemed unassailable had been deposed by those who had moments earlier seemed powerless . Mandela was the avatar of an era that reminded us that history is made by men and women of courage and that it can dismiss in the blinking of an eye all that seems unchanging . Mandela is a symbol of resistance to apartheid . He is a father to his country . But he was also a powerful symbol of the times in which he lived . He was hope incarnate . He was a message to all those brought down by injustice that no matter what the odds , no matter how impossible ultimate victory may seem , not to give up . Today , many lament the injustices and grave errors of these times . Growing inequality . Enduring racism . Insensitivity to the frailties of our planet . Oppression of countless groups , simply because of ethnic origin or religious beliefs or because they are women . We are frustrated that our governments seem to have lost their ability to govern . We worry that we are unable to rise to the challenges of our moment . And so in the death of Mandela comes yet another of his gifts to the world : a reminder not only of what he did but of the stunning changes that swept the world in the time of his triumph . It is a coda to a great life , a reminder to cast aside resignation and defeatism and know that great hearts do exist . And they sometimes do make the impossible happen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf met Mandela after he was freed from prison He says Mandela was unique in achieving victory in a nonviolent way . But he also was symbol for a time of challenges to power Rothkopf : Mandela was the avatar of an era in which the ` unchangeable ' could change
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Nearly 27 years ago , amid a crowd of people in Central Park , Ruth Bendik 's wallet was stolen . The culprit is still at large , but the wallet has been found -- in the hollow trunk of a cherry tree . Nearly 27 years ago , amid a crowd of people in Central Park , Ruth Bendik 's wallet was stolen . The wallet was snatched on October 24 , 1982 , while Bendik , now 69 , was in Central Park watching the New York marathon . She went to greet runners at the end of the race and , "  when I got out of the crush of people , I realized my purse was much lighter , " Bendik told CNN . "  I was just so grateful not to have been harmed . " Last week , Josh Galiley , tree-care supervisor for the Central Park Conservancy , was chopping down a hazardous black cherry tree near Rumsey Playfield when he discovered her blue leather wallet in the trunk of the tree , which he estimates is around 65 years old and 50 feet high . "  I started poking in the soft stuff and this wallet turned up . Having been that low in the tree ... the location indicated it had been there for quite some time , " Galiley told CNN . The old wallet was a unique find , he said . "  When you 're cutting a tree and it 's hollow , you expect stuff inside , shreds of material , old marbles , really just knickknacks compared to this , " he said , "  Nothing with a story . ... We peeked in and there were dates from the early '80s . We figured this was different . " After the wallet was recovered , Galiley said , officials were careful to inform Bendik properly . "  We thought she may not want to relive it , " he said . Bendik sang praises for the individuals who returned her wallet , including detective Frank Irizarry , who helped track her down . "  The lengths they went to find me , the extent that they went through and the fact that they were concerned about my feelings really impressed me , " she said . The wallet still contained her old driver 's license and credit cards , she said , although $ 20 was missing . "  Twenty dollars was a lot of money then , " she said . After two decades , much more has changed . Referring to two of her old bank cards from Manufacturers Hanover Trust Bank and Banker 's Trust , Bendik said , "  I was shocked that both banks had closed . " But some things have n't changed . Bendik continues to have fond memories of Central Park . The Ohio native , who has lived in New York for 40 years , still describes the park as one of her favorite areas in the city . "  It 's a public place in an impersonal city , " she said , "  It brings everyone together in a pleasant way of reconnecting with nature and beauty . " Today , Bendik smiles at the idea of her wallet buried in a cherry tree in Central Park for nearly 30 years , and she 's happy to have it in her hands again . "  After all these years it 's still available as a time capsule of my life . "	Ruth Bendik 's wallet was snatched in 1982 during the New York marathon Worker found wallet while chopping down a black cherry tree in Central Park Wallet still contained driver 's license and credit cards , but $ 20 was missing
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- A restless volcano in northern Indonesia erupted Friday , spewing clouds of ash as high as 2 kilometers into the sky , the country 's National Disaster Management Agency said . The authorities are warning residents to stay away from the volcano , Mt. Lokon , in North Sulawesi , said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho , a spokesman for the disaster management agency . A 2.5 kilometer exclusion zone had already been set up around Mt. Lokon , which had been showing signs of activity in recent days . A series of eruptions by Mt. Lokon in July prompted the evacuation of thousands of local residents . The volcano also erupted in October and December . Indonesia is located on the "  Ring of Fire , " an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions .	Indonesian authorities are warning people to stay away from Mt. Lokon The volcano erupted Friday , spewing ash 2 kilometers into the sky A 2.5 kilometer exclusion zone has been set up around the volcano An eruption by Mt. Lokon in July prompted the evacuation of thousands of residents
Editor 's note : The n-word appears in this piece because CNN feels the context in which it is used is pertinent to the story of James "  Little Man " Presley . James "  Little Man " Presley has worked in the cotton fields of Sledge , Mississippi , since he was just 6 years old . SLEDGE , Mississippi  CNN  -- James Presley stands amid chopped cotton , the thick Mississippi mud caked on his well-worn boots . A smile spreads across his face when he talks about voting for Barack Obama and what that might mean for generations to come . His voice picks up a notch . He holds his head up a bit higher . "  There 's a heap of pride in voting for a black man , " he says . At 78 , Presley is a legend of the past living in the present and now hopeful for the future . A grandson of slaves , he 's one of the few men left in America so closely tied to his slave past , still farming cotton on the same land as his ancestors . He 's picked cotton since he was just 6 years old . He and his wife of 57 years , Eva May , raised 13 children and six grandchildren in a cypress-sided house in the middle of cotton fields in northwestern Mississippi . He was a sharecropper most his life , but rarely qualified for food stamps . Watch "  Obama , he come up like " " His father died in 1935 when he was 5 , and he had to step up and be the "  Little Man " of the house , a nickname that has stuck seven decades later . He 's lived a raw-knuckled life where hope moved at a molasses-slow pace . The last time he had hope for a better future was four decades ago -- first with President John F. Kennedy and then with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . Obama has changed everything to the poor in these parts . iReport.com : What does Obama 's presidency mean to you ? "  I 'm a church man , " he says . "  And I kind of figured this here is about like it was with Moses with the children of Israel . On that day , when he gets to be president , we 're all going to be rejoicing . " Does he have plans to celebrate on Inauguration Day ? "  Oh man , it 's gon na be nice . I believe we 're gon na have a good time , " he says . "  I never thought one would get there . " See photos of the weather-beaten home where Little Man raised so many children " As the nation prepares for Obama 's inauguration on January 20 , CNN.com traveled to Sledge , Mississippi , a forgotten town of about 500 people in the heart of the Mississippi Delta that some consider to be the birthplace of blues in America . Nearly 20 percent of residents over the age of 60 live below the poverty line , according to the 2000 census . That number nearly doubles , to 37.5 percent , for residents under the age of 19 . About three-quarters of the population are black . Two-thirds of the people here make less than $ 35,000 a year . Presley says the fact the nation will have a black president will have a ripple effect in poor communities like his . For the first time ever , he says , black parents and grandparents can tell youngsters in rural America that through education , anything is possible -- that the White House is n't just for white folks . Three of his children graduated from college . Two have died -- one as a youth , one as an adult . It never gets easier , he says , no matter what age they die . Obama has already brought inspiration to future generations of his own family . "  I might be dead and gone , but it 's going to be a good thing to me , because I know that they ai n't got ta go through what I went through . They 'll have a better time , a more joyous time , than what I had when I come along . It is gon na be grand to them and to me , too . " "  He knows what it is to come up without a father and what it is to come up for what you work for , " Presley says . "  Me and the poor man coming up , we had to work for what bread I got . " Presley shifts back and forth on his feet as he speaks . His flannel shirt and oil-stained jeans seem befitting of his life on the farm . He peers out from a camouflage hat , the fuzzy ear flaps pulled up over his head . He speaks in an accent as thick as the mud on his boots . His hands speak to decades of hard labor . His fingers appear swollen with overworked muscles . The skin seems about a quarter-inch thick . If his hands could speak , he says , "  They 'd be crying , instead of talking , for what they 've been through . " "  You see how rusty and rough they are . They 've been through something , ai n't they ? " At 6-foot , 2-inches and 214 pounds , Presley has what seems an odd nickname . "  They call me Little Man , " he says . He wears the nickname with pride . The youngest of three sisters and four brothers , he says that after his father died in 1935 , he became the "  Little Man " of the house . "  I was tall , but I was small . So they called me Little Man , " he says . He does n't remember much about his father . He ca n't recall the day he died or the sound of his voice . He was too young . He never met his slave grandparents either . They died long before he was born . But the fact they were slaves still stings . "  That does n't make you feel too good , you know , to be sold like a cow . But back then , they could n't help it . So I reckon I 'm just glad that things come out better like it is now . " A thick fog hangs over the fields on this day . Presley pauses . He scans the fields and says , "  I think about the good times and the hard times . " "  When I started farming , we planted with hands ... and hauled it to the gin by wagon , a mule and a wagon . One bale at a time , " he says . He worked the fields when he was 6 , the age of a typical kindergartner these days . "  I was making 50 cents a day , from sunup to sundown . " "  Back then , you know , I did n't get no schooling . I had to get out , come home and break the land , cut the stalks , plow the land and get it ready for the crop . " Presley has a total of four years of education , classes that he took in between growing seasons . His mother taught him to read and write , but he admits even to this day he struggles with both . When it comes to life as a black man -- a sharecropper -- in Mississippi , he says it 's tough to explain how difficult it was . He points to a nearby bluff and says that when he was just a boy , a black man was lynched from a tree . "  I never saw him hanging up there , " he says . "  All I seen was the tree . " Blacks were segregated from whites . They could n't go to the same schools . They had separate water fountains . Blacks could n't go in the front doors of businesses . And just about everywhere you went , he says , racism was rampant . "  You go into a place , and they say , ` Nigger , get outta here . ' You do n't want nobody telling you that . You 're a citizen around town . If you 're a citizen , I 'm a citizen like you , " he says . "  It makes you feel mighty bad . " "  When I was a young boy , they was bad about that , calling you that . " He registered to vote for the first time in 1959 and cast his first presidential ballot for Kennedy . He says he 's voted in every presidential election ever since . "  We felt like we were moving on up when we voted for him , " he says . When Kennedy was assassinated , "  everybody was kind of sad on that day , because he looked like the first president that had come in and was trying to help the poor folks . " King brought hope , too . "  He was the only hope that we were looking for -- to bring us out , " Presley says . But when King was killed on April 4 , 1968 , he says , it "  put us right back where we was . " "  It was pitiful that day , " he says . "  Everybody around here was in mourning . " He says Obama has brought inspiration to blacks in these parts , the likes of which has n't been seen since 1968 . "  With Obama coming in , it 's gon na be another Martin Luther King helping us , " he says . "  Maybe in the next 40 years , we 'll be better off . " He says Americans should never take their voting rights for granted . He was 30 years old before he first voted . "  It means a lot to me , because I can put in for who I want to be president and who not to be president , " he says . "  So I just feel proud that I can vote . " Before parting on this day , Presley gives a tour of the weather-beaten , four-bedroom house where he raised his 13 children and six grandkids . The wood-framed house was the first home he ever lived in with running water , a bathroom and electric stove . The now-abandoned house is dilapidated , many of its windows broken , its doors barely hanging on hinges . "  I 've had a good life , despite the hard times . I sure did , " says Presley , who is retiring after 72 years of working the fields . What 's his message to the world ? "  The important thing in life is to try to live and do the best you can , " he says . "  We done had it bad . Let us help give our children a better life , our grandchildren , our great-grandchildren . Let 's try to give them a better life than we had . But anyway , just keep the good work going , is all I say . "	James "  Little Man " Presley , 78 , has worked cotton fields since he was 6 years old "  There 's a heap of pride in voting for a black man , " says the grandson of slaves His dad died when he was 5 ; Obama "  knows what it is to come up without a father " His message : "  The important thing in life is to try to live and do the best you can "
CNN  The baconification of America just reached a new level . No longer is it enough to have bacon on your pizza . A new menu offering from Little Caesars will also wrap 3.5 feet of bacon around the pizza 's crust . The chain 's Bacon Wrapped Crust Deep ! Deep ! Dish Pizza was announced Wednesday and will be available nationwide Monday . The rectangular , deep-dish pie comes wrapped in whole strips of thick-cut , crispy bacon , then topped with pepperoni and even more chewy pieces of bacon . The pizza will be available for a limited time . It 's a diet buster for sure , although Little Caesar 's claims there are more fattening items out there . "  Nutrition wise , compared to other pizzas or fast food items in the market , it 's really not astronomical -- if you 're going to indulge , this pizza is definitely worth it , " Little Caesars spokesperson Tina Taylor tells CNN . At 450 calories and 23 grams of fat per slice , the new bacon-wrapped pie is "  healthier " than a McDonald 's Big Mac , which tops out at 530 calories and 27 grams of fat . At $ 12 , Taylor asks , "  What could be more delicious than a pizza wrapped in bacon ? " Indeed .	Why not wrap your pizza crust in bacon ? Little Caesars is launching a new pie swaddled in the savory meat
CNN  -- Former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo has been hospitalized to treat a heart condition , a spokeswoman said Sunday . "  He is in good spirits and thanks everyone for their support and best wishes , " a spokeswoman for New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , the former governor 's son , said . "  We will provide updates as appropriate . " Mario Cuomo , 82 , was New York 's governor for three terms from 1983-1995 . Son Chris Cuomo , the host of CNN 's "  New Day , " thanked supporters in a Twitter post Sunday night . "  Pop is in the hospital , and he is doing well enough , " he said . "  Thx for all the sweet sentiments . Appreciated . "	Former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo has been hospitalized "  He is in good spirits , " a spokeswoman for Gov. Andrew Cuomo says "  Pop is in the hospital , and he is doing well enough , " CNN 's Chris Cuomo tweets
CNN  "  I have been told at my job to hide the fact I am Muslim for my own personal safety by a manager . " "  I worry for my wife who wears a headscarf and my children when they are with her and I am not there to protect them . " "  I feel terrified for my two sons . Although all three of us were born and raised here I fear for our safety . " "  My dad recently asked my mother and sister to try and disguise their hijab with a hat . " "  I do n't feel safe . I fear that if some could shoot me and my family and get away with it , they would . " Those are just a small sample of the alarming responses I received on Facebook when I asked my fellow Muslim Americans if they felt safe . Our community 's fears have been elevated by the killing this month of three young Muslim American students in Chapel Hill , North Carolina . And while there 's still a debate going on over whether this was , from a legal point of view , a hate crime , to the Muslim American community it seems hard to imagine the attack was n't motivated at least in part by the faith of the three young victims . True , the suspect reportedly had disagreements with other residents in his apartment complex . But it seems telling that when he allegedly turned violent , it was only three Muslims who were shot in the head . Regardless , the concern felt by many in our community -- including myself -- actually predates these killings . In fact , six days before the shooting , I was one of 14 Muslim Americans to meet Present Barack Obama at the White House , and I raised the very fears that many of us feel . I explained to the President my worry that if anti-Muslim bigotry continues to go unchallenged , we could see someone target Muslim Americans in a violent attack . The President expressed his sincere concern , making it clear that there 's no place for bigotry in our nation . And during his speech Wednesday at the White House summit on countering violent extremism , he also acknowledged that "  many Muslim Americans are worried and afraid . " To underscore the point , he then read a Valentine 's Day card sent to him by an 11-year-old Muslim American girl named Sabrina , who wrote : "  I am worried about people hating Muslims . ... If some Muslims do bad things , that does n't mean all of them do . Please tell everyone that we are good people and we 're just like everyone else . " Her concerns are by no means misplaced , because the truth is that anti-Muslim bigotry has been building in recent years . We have seen acid thrown at an Islamic school in Illinois , and shots fired at a Southern California mosque . And the list goes and on . In the last week alone , an Islamic school in Rhode Island was vandalized with anti-Muslim graffiti and the words : "  Now this is a hate crime . " And despicably , some on social media even cheered the burning down of an Islamic center in Houston . Last Thursday , meanwhile , a Muslim American man in Michigan was allegedly beaten up at a local grocery store by two white men yelling racial and religious slurs . While these events do n't garner national headlines , they do make headlines within our community . And although statistically Muslims are second to Jews in terms of being victims of hate crimes , there were still five times more hate crimes perpetrated against Muslims in recent years than before 9/11 , The Washington Post notes . Sobering as these statistics are , though , they mean little to Muslim American parents who are more worried about their own children 's safety . Nor to the young Muslim American woman who fears she will be harassed for simply wearing a hijab . The perception for many in our community is that we are under siege , unsafe and alone . Why this uptick in fear ? Well , the primary cause is events we have zero involvement in , namely the actions of al Qaeda and ISIS . But these fears have been exacerbated by the professional anti-Muslim bigots , certain pundits  primarily on the right , but some on the left as well  and some Republican elected officials  Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal 's baseless claims about Muslims setting up "  no go " zones being one of the most talked about examples  . So , what can be done to reduce this climate of anti-Muslim bigotry ? I wish I had a simple answer , but there is n't one . It 's akin to trying to counter anti-Semitism , racism or homophobia -- it will require a concerted effort over time , as well as constant vigilance to ensure these forms of hate remain on the fringes of society . Meanwhile , my hope is that the "  good people , " as the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. put it , will no longer be silent in the face of hate . If you believe that no American should have to fear for his or her safety or be harassed simply because of his or her religious beliefs , then speak out . It could be through as simple an act as countering a hateful posting on social media or not sitting silently as someone spews ignorant comments . But whatever role you choose to play , you will be doing a real service to America by making one thing clear : There 's no place for this type of bigotry in our great nation .	Dean Obeidallah : Muslim Americans seeing an uptick in fear There 's no place for this type of bigotry in our great nation , he says
CNN  Nebraska 's ban on same-sex marriage will remain in place while the state appeals a federal judge 's decision to strike it down . The 8th Circuit Court of Appeals on Thursday issued a stay of U.S. District Judge Joseph Bataillon 's decision this week to end the ban . "  We are glad the court has granted the stay because it provides current stability in Nebraska 's marriage licensing process , " Attorney General Doug Peterson said in a statement . Nebraska was set to begin offering marriage licenses to same-sex couples on Monday . "  The discrimination enshrined in our constitution hurts our clients and countless other Nebraska families , " the ACLU of Nebraska said on its Twitter account . "  We will keep fighting . " The ACLU of Nebraska filed the lawsuit challenging the state 's ban . Same-sex marriage licenses are offered in 37 other states . The number of states offering same-sex marriages has surged since the U.S. Supreme Court 's ruling in 2013 that invalidated part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act . States like Illinois , Hawaii , Minnesota and New York joined the fold voluntarily , while others were ordered by state or federal judges to offer and recognize the unions . Cases involving Ohio , Michigan , Kentucky and Tennessee are expected to be decided in June by the U.S. Supreme Court , which may settle the issue nationally once and for all . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report	Nebraska was set to begin offering marriage licenses Monday . The ACLU filed the lawsuit challenging the state 's ban
CNN  -- A Sikh farmer in India has surpassed a month on a hunger strike , demanding the release of six men from his community jailed since the 1990s during a period of a deadly Sikh separatist movement in the country . Gurbaksh Singh Khalsa , 48 , began his protest on November 14 , his aide , Harpal Singh Cheema , told CNN . His hunger strike brings attention to the fates of Sikhs who were arrested and convicted for their actions during the separatist movement , but who , unlike others , have not had their sentences shortened . The fact that other Indians sentenced to life have been released earlier , but not the Sikhs , has some accusing the justice system of discrimination against the group . Those who support Khalsa 's hunger strike say it is long overdue that the cases of those Sikhs be reviewed . An armed Sikh rebellion operated in Punjab , the heartland of the faith , from the 1980s to the early 1990s , when it was crushed . Hiding from the massacre : 1984 remembered Many political leaders were assassinated during the insurgency . India 's then-Prime Minister Indira Gandhi was killed by her Sikh bodyguards in October 1984 , the same year she had ordered a military raid on the Golden Temple , the holiest of the Sikh shrines , to flush out militants holed up inside . Three of the six convicts whose freedom Khalsa is fighting for were arrested in 1995 for their alleged role in the assassination of Punjab 's then-Chief Minister , Beant Singh , in a car bombing . They were sentenced to life in prison . The others were convicted under a draconian anti-terror law that has since been repealed , civil rights lawyer H.S. Phoolka said . "  It is not unusual to set lifers free after they have served 14 years in prison , " Phoolka said . "  These prisoners should also be freed , as normalcy returned to Punjab long ago and they should be joining the mainstream now . " International rights groups have accused both the Sikh separatists and Indian forces of serious violations during the insurgency . The six Sikh inmates are lodged in the jails of the federally-administered territory of Chandigarh and in Punjab , Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh states . Khalsa is "  weak but says he will not end  his hunger strike  until he sees those six prisoners free , " his aide said . iReport : ` Free those political prisoners -LSB- who -RSB- should be legally free ' Khalsa 's protest , which has drawn support from across the Sikh political and religious spectrum , has gained a viral online attention , although the story is not prominent on India 's national media . "  A number of Sikhs were falsely arrested , charged and convicted . Many of them are still in jails despite their old age . It 's my personal opinion all such prisoners  $ " whichever community they may belong to  $ " should be set free now , " said Sukhdev Singh Bhaur , general secretary of the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee  SGPC  , the top Sikh religious administration in Punjab . "  It 's up to the discretion of those governments , administrations to reconsider their cases . We are trying our best , " Punjab government spokesman Harcharan Bains said . In India , state authorities can review a lifer 's case after a prisoner serving that sentence has spent 14 years , Bains and lawyer Phoolka said . "  But , otherwise , a life sentence means sentence until the last breath of the prisoner , " Bains said . Rights attorneys , however , say authorities are selectively rejecting reviews of Sikh inmates incarcerated during the Punjab militancy . "  There are numerous examples where life convicts have been prematurely released after undergoing imprisonment of 12 to 14 years or even less , " Phoolka said . "  It is a great discrimination against ... because of their religious beliefs . " Meantime , Human Rights Watch , in a statement to CNN , called upon Indian authorities not to let prisoners remain behind the bars beyond their sentences . "  There were serious human rights abuses during the Punjab insurgency , " the human rights group said . Both militants , with their attacks , and the security forces , abusing the now repealed terror law , committed human rights violations , the group said . Sikhs and rights bodies have also accused successive Indian governments of going soft on high-profile politicians suspected of perpetrating a massacre of Sikhs in and round New Delhi in the wake of Gandhi 's assassination . Official figures put the number of those killed in the 1984 anti-Sikh attacks at 2,733 in the Indian capital alone . Human rights activists say the death toll was much higher . "  Despite the findings of independent commissions , government forces or officials responsible for excesses , including during the 1984 riots , are yet to be properly prosecuted , " Human Rights Watch said in its statement . Himself a Sikh and the country 's first non-Hindu head of government , Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh issued a public apology for the deadly events -- 21 years after their occurrence . "  I have no hesitation in apologizing not only to the Sikh community but the whole Indian nation because what took place in 1984 is the negation of the concept of nationhood and what enshrined in our Constitution . So , I am not standing on any false prestige . On behalf of our government , on behalf of the entire people of this country , I bow my head in shame that such thing took place , " Singh told India 's Parliament in an impassioned address in 2005 .	Gurbaksh Singh Khalsa has been on a hunger strike for more than a month He is demanding the freedom of a group of Sikh separatists Both sides in the conflict during the 1980s and 1990s committed violations But some argue that the justice system has been harsher on the Sikhs
Washington  CNN  -- A new national poll in the battle for the 2016 Democratic and Republican presidential nominations indicates what you would expect : Hillary Clinton is the overwhelming Democratic frontrunner , and there 's no real leader among the possible GOP White House hopefuls . But if you get beyond the obvious , the CNN/ORC International survey released Monday becomes more revealing . It showed 65 % of Democrats and independents who lean toward that party say they would likely back Clinton as their presidential nominee . Vice President Joe Biden comes in a distant second , at 10 % , with freshman Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts at 7 % , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo at 6 % , and Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley at 2 % . The CNN survey is in line with previous polls from other organizations conducted earlier this year that indicated Clinton , who has not said whether she 'll run , is far ahead of all the other possible Democratic candidates . Hillary Clinton : Syria weapons handover would be ` important step ' Even though the next race for the White House is a long way away , there 's already intense speculation over whether the former secretary of state will make a second bid for president . As with previous surveys this year , the new CNN poll also indicates no GOP frontrunner . Seventeen percent of Republicans and Independents who lean toward the GOP say they are likely to support New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , with 16 % backing Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , the House Budget Committee chairman and 2012 Republican vice presidential nominee . Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky is at 13 % ; former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush at 10 % ; Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida at 9 % ; Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas at 7 % , and former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania , a 2012 Republican presidential candidate who battled eventual nominee Mitt Romney deep into the primary season , at 5 % . Opinion : A reversal for GOP and Democrats Rubio 's number stands out . The first-term senator , considered a rock star among many Republicans , registered in the upper teens in polls of the possible GOP 2016 horserace conducted by other organizations earlier this year . But Rubio 's support of immigration reform -- he was a high profile member of a bipartisan group of senators who pushed immigration reform passage through the Senate this spring -- may have hurt his standing with many conservative voters opposed to such efforts . Santorum 's 5 % is also interesting . "  It 's often said -- and it 's usually true -- that polls taken years before the first presidential primaries are mostly tests of name recognition . But clearly  it 's  something more than name recognition when it comes to Santorum , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Santorum is well-known to GOP voters -- he had months of national exposure in the 2012 primaries , and since the start of the modern primary system in the 1970s , the GOP has tended to nominate the candidate who was the runner-up the last time the party had an open race for the nomination . But Santorum is not just in the middle of the pack -- he is currently running dead last out of the eight candidates tested , " adds Holland . Santorum : The U.S. has no national security interest in Syria Christie may be on top of the list , but he 's not first in the minds of conservatives , who dominate more moderate Republicans in the GOP primaries and caucuses . According to the poll , only 8 % of Republicans who consider themselves conservatives say they would be likely to back Christie , compared to 28 % of self-described moderate Republicans . In the potential Democratic battle , the survey indicates Clinton performing better with women  76 %  than men  52 %  . And Biden scores higher with voters age 50 and older  18 %  than those younger than 50  5 %  . Biden : House Republicans ` Neanderthals ' With the start of the primary and caucus calendar more than two years off , take this survey and others with a grain of salt . "  Polls taken two to three years before an election have absolutely no predictive value , " adds Holland . "  Do not treat this as a prediction of what will happen in 2016 . " Biden courts presidential speculation with Iowa trip The CNN poll was conducted by ORC International September 6-8 , with 1,022 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error for Democratic and GOP primary questions is plus or minus 4.5 percentage points . The sample included 218 respondents who describe themselves as Republicans and 234 who describe themselves as independents who lean towards GOP , for a total of 452 Republicans , and 311 respondents who describe themselves as Democrats and 137 who describe themselves as independents who lean Democratic , for a total of 448 Democrats .	Biden distant second to Hillary Clinton in a new poll on 2016 presidential nod The poll also indicates no frontrunner for the 2016 GOP nomination at this point Seventeen percent of Republicans and GOP-leaning independents likely to support Chris Christie But the poll also indicates problems for Christie with conservative Republicans ; Rubio number drops
STOCKHOLM , Sweden  CNN  -- Bjorn Ulvaeus was one half of the songwriting genius behind Swedish pop legend ABBA . After the band split up in 1982 Ulvaeus turned his talents to writing musicals , including "  Mamma Mia , " now a blockbuster movie . Bjorn Ulvaeus on the ABBA phenomenon : "  I 'm amazed how this could happen . I 'm just grateful and humble . " He took My City_My Life on a tour of his home town of Stockholm and talked about his past and future as pop royalty . CNN : What is the secret of ABBA 's success ? Bjorn Ulvaeus : I think the secret behind the fact that our songs are still around and that ABBA became so big is a lot of factors together . But one of them was definitely that we put so much effort into song writing . We hardly ever toured , we just wrote and wrote and produced the records over a period of seven or eight years . So it 's the songs , plus I think the two girls , the voices -- the blend was unique and very special . CNN : Where did get the inspiration for your songs ? BU : Well mostly in song writing my experience is that there is n't so much inspiration as hard work . You sit there for hours , days and weeks with a guitar and piano until something good comes . But the urge to write is something you have to have . A conviction , an ambition to write and never stop until you think , "  This is the best I can do . " Watch Bjorn Ulvaeus take CNN on a tour of Stockholm " CNN : What drives you ? BU : In my career the push has always been to take another step , to try something new . That means that after ABBA , when we split up in 1982 , we were onto writing a musical -LSB- "  Chess " -RSB- because we had n't done that before . CNN : How do you feel about working in the theater ? BU : Every time I sit in the audience and watch a show that I have been involved with , it is such an amazing feeling to see all those people around me , knowing they are actually watching and enjoying something I have written . That is such a feeling of pure joy that never goes away and that 's why I guess I 'm so attracted to work in the theater . CNN : How did "  Mamma Mia ! The Movie " come about ? BU : When you have a big hit on the West End and on Broadway with a musical , as we had with "  Mamma Mia , " there is always the question , "  when are you going to do the movie ? " Some people say you should n't do it until the actual stage musical is on its last legs , but I do n't think that matters . We had been on Broadway for seven or eight years and eight or nine in the West End and we thought now is the time to make that movie . CNN : How has Stockholm changed over the years ? BU : A city like Stockholm , being so dynamic and following trends , develops all the time . It 's gradually changing but you can hardly see that . It is changing in a very healthy way that cities should change . CNN : How would you describe Stockholm in a few words ? BU : Stockholm is unique in the world in that it 's built on , I think , 14 islands . There are so many bridges and it does n't have any high-rise buildings to speak of . It 's quite spread out and open and airy with lots of parks . See photos of Bjorn Ulvaeus in Stockholm " CNN : Let 's talk about the cultural scene in Stockholm . BU : There is a very vibrant cultural scene in Stockholm . There are lots of places where there are concerts and there are loads of museums and theaters . There is everything really , and eventually there is going to be an ABBA museum as well . CNN : When will that happen ? BU : I do n't know -- I like to be arm 's length when it comes to a museum about oneself . Other people should do that . CNN : That 's quite a Swedish trait ... BU : A lot of Swedes are quite modest and unassuming . I think that 's actually the closest you can get to a national trait , if there is one . CNN : How does it feel that people from different generations are still enjoying ABBA songs ? BU : In a way I 'm kind of a bystander looking at this phenomenon that is ABBA , which is still around , and that I thought would be finished in 1981 and forgotten . I 'm amazed how this could happen and I do n't know why it happened . I 'm just grateful and humble . I just sit back and enjoy . CNN : What would you like your legacy to be ? BU : I would like for my children to feel that what I left behind was something that I did whole heartedly and with honesty , and something that was the best I could do and hopefully that they too can enjoy .	Bjorn Ulvaeus is half of the songwriting pair behind Swedish pop legend ABBA He lives in Stockholm , which he describes as being "  dynamic " and trendy Ulvaeus thought ABBA would be forgotten and is "  amazed " by its popularity An ABBA museum is being planned for Stockholm
CNN  -- The clock is ticking as the December 31 deadline approaches for Congress and President Obama to come to some sort of agreement over the infamous fiscal cliff . But what happens when the country finally reaches the fiscal edge ? Tax increases for everyone ? Deep spending cuts ? Another recession ? As President Obama puts pressure on House Republicans to come to a compromise over the fiscal cliff , it seems like everyone wants to know : What is the best solution ? Adults often have to make compromises to make ends meet financially . CNN iReport invited people to share their stories of financial compromise , and what advice they would give to Congress on the fiscal cliff based on the lessons they 've learned . 1 . Use cash , not credit A couple years back , Val Stayskal found herself in a financial conundrum . As a single mother , she said immediate needs such as bills , food and gas would pile up , so she started putting a lot of her expenses on credit . "  And when I could not pay off my credit cards , I would go to the bank and get a loan to pay them off , " she said . "  It was a terrible cycle . " She was finally able to break the cycle with help from a financially savvy friend who helped limit her credit usage . "  She only worked with cash and she helped me create a budget , " she said . Credit cards "  are so dangerous . We are paying so much interest . You think you have all this money , but it is not your own . " Since that time , Stayskal has gotten married and she and her husband own three small businesses in Chicago . They made a pledge to not use credit cards after they nearly lost their home to foreclosure during the recession four years ago . "  We only use cash , " she said . Stayskal , 58 , believes the president and Congress could learn something from her journey to free herself of credit card debt . "  I definitely feel like our nation 's reliance on credit has put us in this fiscal cliff crisis , " she said . She advised Congress to "  hold fast and push for spending cuts as well as balancing the budget in combination with increasing revenue in whatever way makes sense , " she advised . Learning to prioritize spending is something she says was a tough , but an invaluable lesson . "  My life has improved tremendously and I attribute much of it to getting my finances straightened out , " she said . "  We 've had our own financial hiccups with the recession , and each time we apply the same principles and we are back on our feet , even when things were out of our control . It works . " WWJD ... about taxes ? 2 . Take responsibility for your actions The optimist within 34-year-old Swathi Ravichandran believes Congress and the president will come to an agreement over the fiscal cliff . The associate professor at Ohio 's Kent State University said past incidents such as Standard & Poor 's 2011 downgrading of the U.S. credit rating should serve as a reminder that there are consequences to not reaching a financial resolution . "  I have to take responsibility for my actions , " she said when reflecting on her finances , and she said Congress should do the same . Owning up to financial responsibility is a life lesson she tried to keep in mind when purchasing a home with her husband last year . "  We decided not to let our future incomes dictate the amount of mortgage , " she said . "  We took the opposite approach and thought , ` Will we be able to afford payments if one of us loses our job ? ' " Ravichandran said the bottom line for avoiding the fiscal cliff is for the government to cut spending . "  If I spend too much , I have to curtail the rest of the month to reach my savings goal , " she said . She said she always looks at discretionary expenses first when limiting personal spending . "  I 'd cut back on the frequency of eating out , and purchasing clothing and accessories , " she said . She thinks Congress should do the same . "  It is time to curb spending and increase revenues . Not one or the other . " 3 . Stop wasting Like many people , Savita Naraine said when finances get tight , frivolous spending goes out the window . "  This means packing a lunch and snacks and making coffee at home instead of splurging on Starbucks coffee , " he said . The San Bernardino , California , resident and recent college graduate knows what it is like to work with a strict budget , especially since he is still looking for full-time employment . Cutting back on wasteful spending is a lesson he said Congress needs to learn . He said he was frustrated when he read a financial report back in 2011 about the Justice Department spending $ 16 a piece on muffins and other exuberant amounts of money on lavish business lunches . "  In this economy , it is somewhat shocking to me that people are willing to spend that amount of money when it clearly is n't necessary , " the 29-year-old said . Naraine does not believe Congress and the president will come to an agreement on the fiscal cliff before the December 31 deadline . "  In recent years , when facing budget deadlines , the only agreement made is to extend the deadline , " he said . He blames this on the stubbornness of politicians and their unwillingness to compromise , which worries him if taxes were to rise as a result of the fiscal cliff crisis . "  I imagine I would need to look for two jobs instead of one so that I could pay off debt incurred during college , pay my bills , and survive , " he said . His advice for Congress is simple : Stop wasteful spending . For starters , he suggests that Congress could try hosting a potluck working lunch next time . Opinion : Beware the fiscal cliff deniers 4 . You ca n't please everyone Brian Chandler 's family is growing . He and his wife are expecting a second child , and their Georgia home is getting a little cramped . He 'd like to buy a new house , but if taxes were to rise because of the fiscal cliff , he said he would reconsider purchasing a new home . "  It 's more of a want versus a need , " he said . Chandler was raised in a household where his parents made a combined $ 45,000 in the 1990s . He said growing up he did n't get everything he wanted , "  but we got everything we needed . " Chandler worked his way through college and got an entry-level position in data security . Now at the age of 34 , he has a high-level managerial position . Despite his salary increase , he said the growth of his income does not change his spending habits . Decades later , he still maintains the want-versus-need mentality he learned growing up . "  I never go over my monthly income , " he said . "  I do n't drive a Porsche , even though I could afford one . " The Georgia resident believes Congress should apply the same philosophy when it comes to the fiscal cliff . "  Too often I feel our government tries to appease everyone , which clearly ca n't happen , " he said . He said the best advice he could give Congress is to not delay the process any longer . "  Make the tough decision " and "  understand that you wo n't be popular with all groups of Americans when you make a decision , " he said . 5 . Learn to live with less A few years ago , Bobbie Bosworth and her husband retired from teaching . Now at the age of 61 , Bosworth is working again in order to pay for rising health care costs . She hopes that President Obama 's Affordable Care Act will not only lower the cost of medical care , but also increase jobs in America , as she and others across the country will finally be able to retire for good . Despite the rising cost of living , and going back to work after retirement , she is hopeful about the economy . She also believes Congress and the president will come to some agreement over the fiscal cliff before the deadline at the end of this month . She thinks the fiscal cliff agreement should include raising taxes for the wealthy . "  I would rather  Congress  go over the cliff than not raise taxes on the rich , " she said . Over the years , Bosworth has learned to live on a tight budget . If taxes rise as a result of the fiscal cliff , she said she and her husband will have to cut back on things like traveling and eating out , which they 've done in the past . She said one of the best financial lessons she learned is to spend no more than what you have . "  Learn to live with less , " she advised . "  We do n't need a lot to be happy . "	Congress and President Obama have until December 31 to come to avert the fiscal cliff iReporters say Congress can learn a thing or two about budgeting the country 's finances One possible projected consequence of the fiscal cliff is rising taxes for many Americans Some iReporters urge Congress to work with only the money it has , stop borrowing money
The nighttime curfew imposed in Thailand after last month 's military coup has been lifted , Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha said during his weekly address Friday . The announcement was read out and televised throughout Thailand . The Thai military instated the curfew when it seized power after months of unrest that had destabilized the elected government and caused outbursts of deadly violence in Bangkok . The curfew had already been lifted in more than 30 provinces and districts , including Thailand 's tourist hotspots such as Phuket , Pattaya , Krabi and Koh Samui . But not Bangkok . The curfew posed a problem for Thailand 's soccer fans who wanted to watch the World Cup games with friends -- many of the matches start between 11 p.m. and 3 a.m. local time .	The Thai military instated the curfew when it seized power after months of unrest It had been lifted in more than 30 provinces and districts , including tourist hotspots
CNN  -- Real Madrid have reduced Barcelona 's lead at the top of the Spanish Primera Liga to three points after coming from behind to win 2-1 at Almeria on Thursday . Madrid , looking to bounce back following their defeat in "  El Clasico " , suffered a poor start and fell behind in the 14th minute . Kalu Uche broke down the right and his low cross was met by the unmarked Albert Crusat at the far post . And the home side nearly doubled their advantage just seven minutes later when Domingo Cisma 's free-kick was superbly saved by Iker Casillas . However , the visitors drew level in the 27th minute thanks to a moment of superb skill from Cristiano Ronaldo . The $ 125 million man burst past two defenders , fooled a third with one of his trademark stepovers and fird home a shot into the far corner for his 19th league goal of the season . From then on , Real were the better side . Veteran midfielder Guti struck the post from the edge of the area before Rafael Van der Vaart put the rebound wide . And the winning goal came in the 69th minute when Van der Vaart collected Gonzalo Higuain 's pass before firing home a low shot into the bottom corner . Madrid should have added to their lead , but Ronaldo was denied by goalkeeper Diego Alves while Karim Benzema and Mahamadou Diarra also missed good chances .	Real Madrid reduce Barcelona 's lead at the top of the Primera Liga to three points Madrid come from behind to secure a hard-fought 2-1 victory at Almeria Cristiano Ronaldo scores a stunning goal to bring Madrid back into the game
CNN  -- What 's next in Syria 's civil war ? The answer will have major implications on Syria 's neighbors and the Middle East . The Sunni monarchy of Saudi Arabia is among the most prominent countries backing the Syrian opposition . Meanwhile , Iran -- the Shiite Islamic republic across the Persian Gulf -- casts itself and its allies in Damascus as part of an "  Axis of Resistance " to domination of the region by outsiders . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has warned that "  enemies are striving to waste Muslim governments and nations ' energy and wealth by pushing them to fight one another , " Iran 's state-run news agency IRNA reported . So what 's at stake for Syria 's neighbors ? The Gulf monarchies The Saudis and some of the neighboring Persian Gulf states fear Iran 's push to develop nuclear technology and the spread of Tehran 's influence in the region . Bahrain 's rulers accused Iran of fomenting unrest among its majority Shiite population during a wave of anti-government protests in 2011 , but a government inquiry later found little evidence to support that contention . Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates dispatched forces to Bahrain to help bolster their smaller neighbor . Saudi King Abdullah said a year ago that there was "  no justification " for the Syrian crackdown . Saudi Arabia and Qatar are believed to be sending arms and assistance to the Syrian rebels , while the United States -- a leading ally of both countries -- has been providing nonlethal assistance . More : What options are left in Syria ? Lebanon Syria dominated Lebanon for much of its independence and kept troops there until 2005 . Now many fear its civil war threatens to upset the careful sectarian balance of Lebanese politics . Syria and Iran support Hezbollah , the anti-Israel Shiite militia that has become a powerful force in Lebanese society . But a large segment of the Lebanese population supports the rebels , and 36,000 Syrians have taken refuge in Lebanon since Bashar al-Assad 's government launched its crackdown on opposition in 2011 , according to U.N. figures . In addition , Lebanon still hosts more than 400,000 Palestinian refugees from the Arab-Israeli wars -- and tensions fueled by that refugee population helped spark the civil war that wracked the country from 1975 to 1990 . More : Clashes in Lebanon on ` Syria Street ' Iran Already facing intense pressure from sanctions aimed at making it halt its production of nuclear fuel , Tehran is strongly backing longtime allies in Damascus . As the leading Shiite power , it 's solidly behind al-Assad , a member of the minority Alawite sect , a Shiite offshoot . And the alliance with Syria allows Iran to project power from the Gulf to the Mediterranean , not only through Syria but via the Lebanese Shiite militia Hezbollah . Andrew Tabler , an analyst at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , calls Syria "  a keystone " for Iran . "  There is sort of a cold war taking place between the two sides , " Tabler told CNN in May . "  I think you can see that playing out in terms of Qatar , the United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia and Turkey clearly on the side of the opposition in Syria , while the Iranians are strongly backing the regime . What 's at stake is larger than what 's within Syria 's borders . " More : What 's Iran getting out of al-Assad support ? Turkey NATO member Turkey is hosting Syrian opposition groups and more than 50,000 refugees . It 's a vital link for the opposition , which brings in opposition fighters and weapons via Turkey . Turkey , meanwhile , has built up forces on its border after Syria shot down a Turkish fighter jet over the Mediterranean in June . The United States and Turkey are developing contingency plans for the possible collapse of al-Assad 's government , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said . And the Turks , who have battled Kurdish separatists in their southeast for decades , fear that movement may gain a foothold amid a power vacuum in Syria . The separatist Kurdistan Workers Party raised the movement 's flag over several ethnic Kurdish communities along the border , raising alarms in Ankara . Iraq In the last decade , hundreds of thousands of Iraqis fled to Syria amid sectarian warfare between Sunnis and Shiites and a persistent insurgency that followed the U.S. invasion of 2003 . American commanders blamed Syria for allowing fighters to pass through its territory and into Iraq to fight U.S. troops . Now , Syrian refugees are starting to take shelter in Iraq -- about 10,000 at the latest count -- and Western powers fear jihadist groups such as al Qaeda are moving across the porous border to battle al-Assad 's forces . The Iraqi government , now dominated by Shiite parties , is still battling the fundamentalist Sunni jihadists .	Syria 's crisis is bleeding into its neighbors The outcome will have deep influences on the region Saudi Arabia backs the rebels , while Iran supports the regime , for example
CNN  -- Israel has issued a rare statement of "  regret " for the recent deaths of several Egyptian security personnel , hours after Egypt said it was recalling its ambassador . Egypt 's government posted a statement Saturday saying its ambassador would be withdrawn until Israel conducted an investigation into what it called "  indiscriminate shelling " that led to the deaths of at least three security forces in its Sinai region on Thursday . Later in the day , the statement was taken down without explanation . Top-level Israel security officials met Saturday with Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak , who quickly issued a statement vowing that Israel would conduct a military investigation , followed by a joint examination with the Egyptian military , of the incident . "  We regret the deaths of members of the Egyptian security forces during the terror attack on the Israeli-Egyptian border , " Barak said . "  The Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty has great importance and much strategic value for the stability of the Middle East . " The tense situation between Israel and Egypt comes amid heightened tensions in the region following Israeli strikes in Gaza after a series of attacks in southern Israel on Thursday that targeted buses , cars and soldiers . An Egyptian military official said Israeli forces may have been targeting militants near Egypt 's border with Gaza when they struck and killed the Egyptian security personnel . On Saturday , the Mideast Quartet -- the United Nations , the United States , Russia , and the European Union -- condemned Thursday 's "  premeditated terrorism " attacks on Israel , and warned that it remains concerned about the situation in Gaza . It also expressed concern about the security situation in Egypt 's Sinai peninsula . "  Recent commitments by the Egyptian government to address the security situation in the Sinai are important , and the Quartet encourages the Egyptian government to find a lasting resolution to the issue of Sinai security , " it said . No one in Israel 's armed forces intentionally acted to harm Egyptian security personnel , Amos Gilad , a defense official involved in maintaining Israel 's relationship with the Egyptian military , told Israeli Radio on Saturday . He also stressed the strategic importance of the 1979 peace treaty between the two countries . Outside the Israeli Embassy in Cairo , hundreds of demonstrators gathered Saturday to protest the killings and demand Egypt sever its ties with Israel . Egyptian state-run TV showed protesters burning Israeli flags and chanting "  Egyptian blood is not cheap . " Israel believes that the attacks had their roots in Gaza , but were coming out of the neighboring Egyptian region of Sinai . "  The Egyptian control over Sinai is weakening and this is probably the reason that this attack that originated in Gaza has made it all the way down here , " Barak said Thursday . The Egyptian claims of Israeli forces killing three of its security members and injuring four surfaced Thursday , the same day Israel launched airstrikes on Gaza . Senior Egyptian military and security forces told CNN that two members of the Central Security Force and one military officer were killed in clashes east of Ras Al-Naqab , 13 kilometers north of Taba . At the time , an Israeli helicopter was in the area chasing militants in the aftermath of the attacks on Israelis , said Gen. Saleh Al Masry , head of security in North Sinai Province . "  The Israeli ground troops engaged with armed militants 200 meters from the Egyptian border which may have also led to casualties on the Egyptian side , " said Lt. Col. Amr Imam , the Egyptian army spokesman . "  We have reinforced our border guards and raised the level of alert . " The rising tensions also come as questions are being raised in Israel about the Egyptian military presence in the demilitarized zone in Sinai , which was created under the terms of the Camp David Agreement signed in 1978 between Egypt and Israel . Since the overthrow of Egyptian dictator Hosni Mubarak , the security situation in Sinai has deteriorated . Senior Egyptian officials said several weeks ago that more than 23,000 prisoners escaped from prisons in Egypt in late January and February because of the breakdown in regime authority . Additionally , travel between Egypt and Gaza has become much easier since the Military Council reopened the border crossing at Rafah in late May . But along with traders -- and Gazans just wanting a break from their cramped sliver of territory -- there are signs that Islamist groups are taking advantage of weaker security . The crossing is the only land passage out of Gaza not directly under Israeli control . Egypt claims it has been cracking down on terror groups in its portion of the Sinai , exchanging fire with militants on its side of the border . "  The security at border has not been affected by the revolution , and no one from Egypt has crossed through to conduct the attacks on Israel , " said Khaled Fouda , the governor of Southern Sinai , an Egyptian province . He said the distance between where the Egyptian forces were attacked and the border of Egypt was too far to allow the sort of attack against the Israelis that sparked the strikes on Gaza . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Talal Abu Rahma , Guy Azriel , Ben Wedeman , Salma Abdelaziz and journalist Mohamad Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report	NEW : Quartet warns Egypt to ` address the security situation ' in Sinai Israel issues rare statement of ` regret ' over Egyptian security forces ' deaths Israeli defense minister : Military investigation , and joint probe with Egypt , will take place Egypt posted a statement saying it would recall its ambassador ; statement later removed
Moscow  CNN  -- Pilot error , slight intoxication of the navigator , and a failure of the crew to interact properly caused a plane crash that killed 47 people in June of this year , Russia 's Interstate Aviation Committee  IAC  said Monday . The crew should have circled to make a fresh attempt at landing in poor weather conditions , the IAC probe found . It "  was the failure of the crew to decide on a go-around and descend below the minimal established safety altitude in the absence of visual contact with approach lights and landmarks which resulted in the collision of the aircraft with trees and ground , " the IAC said . The report comes out nearly two weeks after another plane crash that killed dozens of Russian and international hockey players in Yaroslavl , Russia . An investigation into that crash is ongoing . Monday 's report examined a Tupolev-134 airliner that went down June 20 in the Russian northwest city of Petrozavodsk . The jet with 43 passengers and a crew of nine took from Moscow for Petrozavodsk , about 950 kilometers  600 miles  to the north . Controllers lost contact with the twin-engine plane , and it crashed onto a highway outside Besovets , near the Petrozavodsk airport , the Transportation Ministry reported . "  The first thing that the plane had contact with was a pine tree of about 15 meters high , " Alexander Neradko , head of the Russian Federal Aviation Agency said on Russian state TV at the time of the crash . "  This proves that the plane did n't break in mid-air but that all that destruction was inflicted to it as a result of that contact , " he said . Nearly 140 rescue workers , doctors and police officers responded to the crash . The IAC investigates and analyzes aviation accidents in the former Soviet Union , and oversees civil aviation across the region .	A Russian plane should have circled for another landing attempt , a report says The crew did n't interact properly , according to Russian investigators 47 people died in the crash in June The report comes nearly two weeks after another plane crash that killed hockey players
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Prime Minister Ehud Olmert vowed Wednesday that Israel 's air assault on Gaza would not end until Hamas militants quit firing rockets into Israeli territory . A man plants a Palestinian flag Wednesday in the rubble of a mosque in Gaza City . "  We did not enter this operation in order to end it with the firing still continuing , " Olmert said in a security cabinet meeting , according to a senior government official . "  Hamas broke this cease-fire , " Olmert said . "  If the conditions ripen " and if there is a solution "  that promises a better security ... we will consider it , but we are not there yet , " he said , according to the official . Despite a French proposal for a humanitarian truce , Israel earlier Wednesday decided to continue the operation , saying Israelis must have a "  real and sustainable solution , " Olmert spokesman Mark Regev said . Israeli airstrikes have pounded the territory since Saturday in an effort to halt the firing of rockets into southern Israel . More than 390 Palestinians have been killed , according to Palestinian medical sources , and some 1,900 people have been wounded , including 400 women and children . Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniya , whose office in Gaza was struck overnight , said Israel needed to "  stop attacking and killing our children , women and men . " "  The aggression must stop , the crossings must open and the blockade must be lifted and then we can talk about all other issues , " he said in televised comments Wednesday . "  Then we can start a national dialogue without any preset conditions . " Israeli sources say four Israelis have been killed by Palestinian rocket fire . The Israeli air force carried out about 40 airstrikes Wednesday , and Palestinian militants fired about 70 rockets into Israel , the IDF said . More than 30 rockets landed in southern Israel on Wednesday , including at least four in Beer Sheva , Israeli police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld said . Beer Sheva , about 25 miles away from Gaza , is the farthest that rockets from Gaza have ever landed inside Israel . "  Israel will not accept a ` Strip of Terror ' alongside us , and accordingly Hamas operatives have tasted the flavor of Israel 's response in the last few days , " Israeli President Shimon Peres said . Watch what may be influencing Israeli decision-making " The situation in Gaza remains desperate , despite the admission of more than 150 trucks carrying humanitarian aid into the territory on Tuesday , said Karen AbuZayd , the commissioner-general of the U.N. Relief and Works Agency . Watch aid trucks cross the border from Egypt " "  There 's no fuel , there 's no power plant , there 's no electricity working now , " she said . "  Hundreds of families in the Gaza Strip are suffering , not only -LSB- from -RSB- the fear of airstrikes , but also the lack of electricity , lack of water , lack of food supplies , " Saud Abu Ramadan , a freelance journalist who lives in Gaza City , told CNN 's "  American Morning . " Exiled Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal is ready to stop the fighting in exchange for an end to Israel 's blockade of Gaza , the Russian Foreign Ministry announced . Mashaal spoke with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Wednesday and outlined Hamas ' position on the resumption of the Palestinian reconciliation process , the foreign ministry said . "  Mashaal said in response to -LSB- Lavrov -RSB- that they are ready to end the armed confrontation , but only if these measures are linked to steps intended to remove the Gaza Strip 's blockade , " the ministry said . While living in self-imposed exile in Damascus , Syria , Mashaal remains the head of Hamas , which controls Gaza . Learn more about Gaza 's political history " Earlier Wednesday , the Israeli military warned neighbors of Hamas co-founder Mahmoud al-Zahar to leave because it may bomb the area , the neighbors told CNN . Al-Zahar was the Palestinian foreign minister under the Hamas-led government before it was dissolved by President Mahmoud Abbas after Hamas seized control of Gaza in 2007 . Al-Zahar 's son was killed in an Israeli airstrike in January 2008 . Israel has moved tanks to the outskirts of Gaza and called up at least 2,000 army reservists , sparking fears of a ground incursion into the Palestinian territory . Watch how Israel is sitting on Gaza 's border " The Israeli military says it is targeting only Hamas militants . But the U.N. 's AbuZayd said 20 to 25 percent of the casualties arriving in Gaza hospitals appear to be civilians , and she said the bombardment is not turning the people of the territory against Hamas . "  Hamas is not the one being blamed . It 's still Israel , America , " she said .	NEW : IDF says air force carried out about 40 airstrikes Wednesday Hamas willing to stop fight if Israel lifts Gaza blockade , Russia says Gaza operation 's goal is to stop rockets , Israeli prime minister says At least 390 Palestinians , four Israelis reported killed since Saturday
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani security forces battling Taliban militants in the volatile Swat Valley killed between 45 and 55 of the fighters over the last 24 hours , the military said Saturday . Pakistan has launched a massive military operation against the Taliban in the Swat Valley . An unknown number of civilian casualties also occurred as Pakistan 's military continues its offensive against Taliban militants in the country 's North West Frontier Province . The fighting is taking its toll across the province , where the U.N. refugee agency reports "  massive displacement " of civilians fleeing the warfare . In its daily war round-up , the military said Saturday that the latest fighting occurred in Swat district , where attack helicopters targeting militant hideouts in the district 's biggest city of Mingora killed 15 fighters . This occurred amid harassment of the civilian population and instances of looting and arson in the municipality , the military said . Mortar fire in Mingora also resulted in an unknown number of civilian casualties . This development comes as militants used houses as bunkers to fight government security forces . Troops engaged militants in a number of other locations in Swat , including Rama Kandhao ridge in Matta , and destroyed an insurgent headquarters in Loenamal . The military said 30 to 40 militants were killed . In neighboring Shangla district militants suffered heavy casualties in an operation , but figures were not available , the military said . Two Pakistani soldiers were also injured . Elsewhere , a girls ' primary school in Kanju and a bank have been damaged by militants and the military reports progress in operations in Gulabad and Buner . Watch why civilians have backed the Taliban to survive " The widening war has spurred massive dislocation in the northwestern region , according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , with people fleeing the battleground and taking advantage of the partial lifting of curfews to move into safer areas . Watch as CNN 's Ivan Watson tours a refugee camp " UNHCR said the provincial government estimates between 150,000 to 200,000 people in the province have arrived in safer areas over the last few days and that another 300,000 have fled or were about to flee danger zones . The citizens who fled Swat , Buner and Lower Dir districts , are in addition to another 555,000 previously displaced Pakistanis who have fled their homes in the area since August .	Pakistani military says dozens of Taliban fighters have been killed An unknown number of civilians have also been killed and injured Officials expect as many as 500,000 civilians to flee the Swat Valley
CNN Student News  -- October 5 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Syria ; Turkey Denver , Colorado ; Toronto , Canada Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- It says something about the popularity of "  Dancing With the Stars " that the show 's professional dancers have become almost as famous as the celebrities they 're paired with . Mark Ballas and Shawn Johnson celebrate after winning last season 's "  Dancing With the Stars . " Take Mark Ballas , who last season waltzed and tangoed his way to a first-place finish with Olympic gymnast Shawn Johnson -- his second mirror ball trophy since he joined the hit series in 2007 . At just 23 , Ballas is already recognized on the street , he 's in a band with fellow "  Dancing " pro Derek Hough , and he 's thinking about branching out into acting . For the new season of "  Dancing With the Stars , " which begins Monday , Ballas is paired with Melissa Joan Hart , best known for her roles in the television series "  Sabrina , the Teenage Witch " and "  Clarissa Explains It All . " Ballas spoke to CNN about his new celebrity partner , his training routine and whether former "  American Idol " judge Paula Abdul could find a new home on the show . The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : What is Melissa Joan Hart like as a dancer ? Mark Ballas : She 's doing really well so far . I think she 's going to shock a lot of people , and I think they will love her personality . She 's really bright and bubbly . CNN : Does she have any dancing experience ? Ballas : No , she 's never danced before . I mean , she took a couple of ballet classes when she was a child , but everyone 's done that . She 's never danced like this before , so it 's been a bit of a learning curve for her , but hopefully she 'll smooth it out . CNN : Did you know who she was before you were matched ? Ballas : Oh , yeah . I used to watch her shows all the time when I was younger . I would watch "  Clarissa Explains It All " and "  Sabrina , the Teenage Witch " after school . CNN : Do you get any input in what celebrity you are paired with ? Ballas : No , we get no choice whatsoever . It 's basically -LSB- dependent on -RSB- whether they think our personalities will be compatible and also on height . You have to be the right height , because if someone is 6 feet and your partner is 5 feet , it wo n't work out . CNN : How do you choreograph dances ? Do you like to use certain routines over again ? Ballas : I start fresh every time . Having a good song is definitely helpful , and when you get a new song , it 's really inspiring and makes you want to move , and that 's the fun of it . You always want to keep things fresh , and I always keep challenging myself , like how can I outdo what I did last time ? CNN : The facial expressions seem so important in ballroom dancing . How do you teach that to your celebrity partners ? Ballas : That 's something you ca n't teach . Obviously , you explain what the dance is and how you have to act and what you should be thinking , but you do n't choreograph facial expressions . That 's got to come from the heart and the soul , and you just have to feel it . CNN : If you have a celebrity partner like Kim Kardashian , who was criticized for being wooden on the dance floor , is there anything you can do ? Ballas : The best thing to do is to make them feel comfortable . Kim got very shy when the cameras were on , and she would always dance a lot better off camera . But sometimes , dancing just is n't for certain people . Kim and I had a great time together and still are good friends to this day . But dancing was n't her thing , she just did n't take to it . CNN : Do you keep in touch with your former partners ? Ballas : Yes , I talk to Shawn -LSB- Johnson -RSB- and Kristi Yamaguchi all the time ; I talked to Kim Kardashian about an hour ago . We stay good friends . Kristi Yamaguchi was amazing to work with -- great temperament , really eager to learn , she was like a machine . Kim Kardashian was a doll . We talk all the time , we hang out when we can , she 's a lot of fun . Shawn Johnson was just a joy to work with , from start to finish . Just an absolute sweetheart . We had a lot of fun , we laughed a lot . CNN : A lot of people were surprised that actor Gilles Marini did n't win last season . What 's your take on that ? Ballas : I definitely feel that Shawn was the better dancer . Gilles was a great performer , but technically -- if you were looking at technique and you 're looking at dancing -- Shawn was the stronger dancer . Her routines were a lot harder , her technique was a lot stronger ... especially in the last four weeks . I definitely feel like it was a fair result . CNN : Your father , Corky Ballas , who is also a professional dancer , made quite a splash when he was paired with 80-something Cloris Leachman on "  Dancing " last year . Is he coming back to the show anytime soon ? Ballas : I hope so . It was a lot of fun having him around , and I thought he was amazing , of course . They were a great team , absolutely hilarious . I 'm sure if they ask him back , which I 'm hoping they do , that he would definitely come back . CNN : There were some suggestions that Paula Abdul might join the show as a judge . What do you think about that ? Ballas : I think that Paula would be great as a contestant . If she wanted to be on our show , she should come on to compete and be partnered with one of us . As far as the judges , I love our judges . I think our judges are great , and I think we 've got a great system , and I do n't think there would be any need for an extra judge . I love Paula -- I 've met her several times because "  American Idol " is right next door to us . I would love for her to come on the show and be my partner . CNN : Are you recognized on the street ? Ballas : I have loads of people come up to me . They ask questions about the season . It 's really nice , and I really appreciate it . CNN : Your fellow pros on "  Dancing , " Maksim Chmerkovskiy and Karina Smirnoff , broke off their engagement recently . Is that going to affect the show in any way ? Ballas : We 're all very professional . These things happen . It will definitely not affect the show , we 'll keep on dancing . You wo n't even be able to tell . I 've talked to Max several times . He 's doing OK . These things are never easy , and Max is a dear , dear friend of mine . I 've known him for 13 years . CNN : What are your career goals beyond dancing ? Ballas : I 'm actually a guitar player and a singer/songwriter . I studied musical theater and music and vocals . Anything to do with music is definitely a big goal of mine . I 've studied acting for 10 years , so I 'd love to do film at some point as well .	Professional dancer Mark Ballas is paired with Melissa Joan Hart this season The two-time champ of "  Dancing With the Stars " finds her "  bright and bubbly " Ballas : Paula Abdul would be great as a contestant , but is n't needed as a judge Maksim Chmerkovskiy and Karina Smirnoff 's breakup wo n't affect the show , he says
San Diego  CNN  -- As we try to grasp the enormity of the crisis involving at least 57,000 unaccompanied minors from Central America who crossed the U.S.-Mexico border looking for safe haven , Americans should stop casting blame and be realistic . We always look for an endpoint , a limit , a boundary . When we 're told about a budget shortfall , we want the exact numbers so we can assess the damage . We 'll settle for an approximation . "  Give me a ballpark figure , " we say . But sometimes , it 's not that simple . Recently , my sources in Texas who have been close to the border kids story since the start -- and have batted 1.000 in terms of the accuracy of their reports -- have been giving me a dire warning . It 's the equivalent of : "  You ai n't seen nothing yet . " Many Americans are angry and frustrated over the government 's handling of the border kids calamity . The Obama administration -- which , according to Texas Gov. Rick Perry , was warned by state officials in the Lone Star State that this was happening as early as 2012 and obviously did n't do enough to prepare -- estimates that by the end of this year , as many as 90,000 young people will have crossed the border into the American Southwest . Opinion : Send U.S. marshals to the border Then there are the tag-alongs . Looking for jobs , and seizing on the opportunity presented by the fact that so many border patrol agents are preoccupied caring for the children , an unknown number of adults from Mexico are riding the kids ' coattails right into the United States . It 's a total mess . But what if what we 're witnessing now is just the beginning ? What if the real wave is yet to come ? My sources tell me that it is well-known that in the Rio Grande Valley , there are tens or even hundreds of thousands of people from Central America -- mostly women and children -- in northern Mexico right now , waiting for their chance to cross into the United States . We should stop looking for an endpoint . This story has no end in sight . As a journalist , every week , I start with a dozen new angles to explore . By the beginning of next week , there will be a dozen more . Make no mistake . We will be dealing with this crisis not for weeks or months but probably for years . People will keep coming . And with every wave , new angles will appear . It is hubris for U.S. officials to believe that any one course of action can stop the flood of desperate people fleeing violence , poverty and oppression . The most we can hope for is to be able to manage this crisis for the next few years . Only six weeks ago , this story was limited to how we were going to respond to a mass exodus of brave and desperate children and teenagers being ferried across the U.S.-Mexico border by unscrupulous Mexican smugglers after escaping the clutches of ruthless street gangs in Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador . Then it grew to involve the perils of a porous border and the litany of horrible things that can happen , on both sides of the line , when you advertise to the world that your country 's backdoor is unlocked and you do n't have the manpower to keep order and prevent violence , crime and lawlessness . Now that -- heaven help the children -- the politicians have become involved , the story has become about how neither the White House nor Congress , neither Democrats nor Republicans , have the foggiest idea about how to deal with the problem , since all we 're hearing are bad and simplistic solutions that tell us that most of our leaders do n't know the first thing about what they see as the foreign world of the U.S.-Mexico border . Speaking of simplistic solutions , the Obama administration this week deported the first batch of undocumented women and children to Honduras . Do n't expect the deportees to even bother unpacking . Unless the horrendous violence and poverty that pushed them out has been magically eradicated in the past several months , they will soon return to the United States . Opinion : What Obama could learn on the border Here 's what this chapter of the story is really about : The scope of the problem . It 's about numbers and tally sheets that we 're afraid to imagine . It 's about how many people will come and how long this surge will go on . Many Americans , particularly those in the Southwest , are in full panic mode . And so they 're doing what they always do in the face of adversity : They 're digging in their heels , rolling up their sleeves , stiffening their backbones -- and blaming Mexico . They demand to know why Mexico is n't stopping the border kids from going north . To be fair , from media reports and interviews with Central American kids who tried to get out but were captured in Mexico and deported back home , it does seem like our neighbor is stopping some of them . Yet Mexico could n't stop all of these kids at its southern border any more than we could stop them at ours . There are just too many of them . In both countries , we 're learning the same lesson : Walls and guards ca n't stop the determined and the desperate , the oppressed and the hungry . Americans could n't stop the first wave of child refugees , and it 's not clear if we can stop the second or third . But let 's at least be ready for it and make sure we do n't repeat our mistakes . Politicians like to talk about how we have to "  do right " by these kids , but doing the right thing requires staying ahead of this story and bracing for the least desirable outcome . Let 's stop looking for simple solutions and a finish line . This crisis does n't have either one . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Ruben Navarrette : Some might think the border crisis is a short-term concern He says the flow of people across the border is likely to continue U.S. efforts to turn back , or send back , immigrant children wo n't stem the tide , he says
CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius was the target of relentless and combative questioning Wednesday as the prosecutor in his murder trial tried to rattle the runner about the night he shot dead his model girlfriend . Vowing to "  get to the truth " of the events that took place on Valentine 's Day last year , prosecutor Gerrie Nel began a blistering cross-examination of the Olympic sprinter in the case that has gripped South Africa . "  You shot and killed her . Say it -- ' I shot and killed Reeva Steenkamp , ' " Nel told Pistorius . The prosecutor immediately boxed the double-amputee athlete into a corner in what his defense team described as an "  ambush , " by asking him about a video showing Pistorius shooting a watermelon at a gun range . No one disputes that Pistorius killed Steenkamp . But the prosecution is trying to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that he did so knowingly and intentionally . The 27-year old has admitted to the killing but said he had mistaken Steenkamp for an intruder in the bathroom when he fired through the door and killed her . Before Nel went after Pistorius , Barry Roux -- the runner 's defense lawyer -- had tossed his client a question to drive that argument home . He asked Pistorius if he had intentionally killed Steenkamp . "  I did not intend to kill Reeva or anybody else for that matter , " Pistorius replied . Later in the proceedings , as Nel probed him further , Pistorius insisted he thought he would be attacked when he heard noise coming from his bathroom that night . "  I had a fear , I did n't have time to think , I discharged my firearm ... I did n't intend to shoot at anyone , I shot out of fear . " Court was adjourned for the day following that testimony . ` Zombie stopper ' Minutes after starting his cross-examination , Nel took the defense team by surprise when he asked the athlete about a shooting range video in which Pistorius is seen firing at a watermelon , and then calling the impact "  a zombie-stopper . " This prompted the defense to complain that the prosecution was staging an "  ambush " by introducing evidence . The court was briefly adjourned as Judge Thokozile Masipa considered both positions . The defense later said it would not object to the video being shown in court . "  It makes me very upset to hear myself saying something like that , " Pistorius said as he admitted to making the comment . But he insisted he was referring "  to a zombie , not a human being . " Nel showed the court a graphic photo of Steenkamp 's wounded head . Speaking of the watermelon in the video , the prosecutor said : "  It exploded . You know the same happened to Reeva ? " "  I was there , I do n't have to look at a picture , " Pistorius snapped , sobbing . Roux objected to Nel 's comparison , and the judge agreed , adjourning proceedings to give Pistorius time to recover . His sister , Aimee , stood next to him to console him while he held his head in his hands and continued crying . ` My life is on the line ' Upon Pistorius ' return , Nel pressed the runner on whether his recollection of that night was a reconstruction of what he heard and read rather than what he remembered . Pistorius said it is what he remembers . "  My version has never changed , " he said . Nel went over with a fine-tooth comb the version of events that Pistorius provided in an earlier bail application affidavit , and the version he has given on the witness stand over the past three days . He repeatedly asked the athlete about the location of two ventilation fans in his bedroom on the night of the killing , seeking to undermine the defense 's contention that the crime scene was contaminated by clumsy police work and other factors . The detail was important , Nel told Pistorius , because "  it will show that you are lying . " Pistorius said his memory was not good but that he was not trying to lie . "  I ca n't change the truth , " he said . The athlete conceded there is a discrepancy between his bail application and his court testimony , saying that a claim on the bail application that he went onto a balcony to retrieve a fan before the shooting was wrong . He added that he was not present when the bail application affidavit was written . Nel , who accused the runner of not answering questions directly at times , also asked Pistorius whether he was thinking of the implications of his answers . Pistorius said it would be reckless not to think of what he said , adding : "  My life is on the line . " "  Reeva does n't have a life anymore , " the prosecutor said . The night of the killing At the beginning of the day , Pistorius finished telling the court what he remembered from the night Steenkamp died , starting with the moment he opened his bathroom door after shooting through it and saw her bloodied body . His voice quivering , the track star picked up where he left off the previous day , when he became so upset by his own testimony about that night that he broke down into uncontrollable sobs on the stand . Steenkamp was sitting slumped over the toilet bowl , Pistorius said while being questioned by his defense lawyer . He said he pulled her weight onto him and cried . That 's when her blood streamed down on him , he said . Pistorius had grabbed Steenkamp 's cell phone , but did n't know the pass code , so he went to get his own to call for help , he said . He called a neighbor , Johan Stander , who arrived soon after . The athlete said he shouted and screamed at Stander to help him get Reeva to the hospital . Then another neighbor , Dr. Johann Stipp , a physician , arrived at the house . The doctor seemed overwhelmed by the situation , Pistorius said . The athlete also described the moments after paramedics had arrived at the scene . "  Reeva had already died while I was holding her , before the ambulance arrived , " he said . "  I knew there was nothing more they could do for her . " He also spoke of when police officers arrived at his door -- one of them a key witness in his trial , former Col. G.S. van Rensburg , Pistorius said . "  Every time I looked up there were more people in the house . There were more policemen . There were people going up and down the stairs . I was standing in the kitchen . I asked a policeman if I may wash my hands because the smell of blood was making me throw up . " After pictures were taken , police told him he was under arrest and would face charges . Apology On his first day on the stand , Monday , Pistorius made a tearful apology to Steenkamp 's family . The prosecution alleges Pistorius killed his girlfriend after they argued . Roux had also delved deeper into his connection with Steenkamp , trying to show they had a loving relationship . The couple met a little more than three months before Steenkamp died at the age of 29 . In affectionate messages read out in court , the pair used pet names like "  baba " and "  angel , " said they missed each other and exchanged many "  x "  s , or kisses . Only those in the courtroom can see Pistorius because he has chosen not to testify on camera . His testimony can be heard on an audio feed . Steenkamp 's mother , June , has sat in court throughout Pistorius ' three days on the stand . The defense team will call 14 to 17 witnesses , Roux said as he opened his case . The trial is scheduled to continue until the middle of May . Judge Thokozile Masipa will decide the verdict in collaboration with two experts called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Brent Swails , Emily Smith and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report	Prosecution shows video of Pistorius at shooting range Prosecution seeking to highlight discrepancies in Pistorius affidavit , testimony Steenkamp struggled to breathe , Pistorius says Trial was adjourned Tuesday after the athlete broke down crying
CNN  In the 1950s it was cancer . Hush , hush , whisper , whisper . "  They called it the ` C ' word , and it did n't get talked about in doctor 's offices , " said Beth Kallmyer of the Alzheimer 's Association . "  It certainly was n't talked about in the general public , it was whispered . " Today it 's Alzheimer 's , and 55 % of patients and their caregivers say their doctors never told them they have the devastating disease , according to a special report of the Alzheimer 's Association released this week . Compare that to one of the big four cancers -- breast , colorectal , lung and prostate -- more than 90 % said their doctors had no problem giving them the diagnosis . "  Alzheimer 's not being talked about , many doctors are not giving the diagnosis , " added Kallmyer in a webcast . "  We need to change that . It 's a disease , it 's nothing to be ashamed about . " "  This is very current , very well done , and pretty dramatic findings , let 's be honest , " said Dr. Pierre Tariot , director of Banner 's Alzheimer 's Institute . "  I am reminded of the rather sobering fact that as many as 60 % of people who have a dementia die without the dementia having been diagnosed by their doctor . " Why the silence ? This is not the first report to show doctors are sidestepping this tough conversation . But why ? That 's been studied too , and the reasons doctors give range from diagnostic uncertainty and fear of causing emotional distress to time constraints , lack of support , and stigma . "  There is an element of stigma here towards brain and mental health problems in general , " said Tariot . "  I would call it professional awkwardness . I ca n't really help this condition , why invest time and energy talking about it , it makes me squirm . " "  I think the comparison of Alzheimer 's to cancer is appropriate , " said Dr. Tom Price , Medical Director for Emory University 's Geriatric Clinic . "  I give patients a new diagnosis of Alzheimer 's disease many times a week , and every time it is uncomfortable , and I 've been doing it for over 10 years . It is easier to talk about cancer now that there are so many new and effective treatment strategies , and cause of optimism with survival from cancer at an all-time high . " What 's at stake Alzheimer 's advocates stress the importance of giving a patient all the facts , as early as possible , so they can work with their family to organize legal and health directives and have time to fulfill life-long desires . It 's just as important for the caregiver . "  Imagine it 's your spouse , " said Tariot . "  Personality changes , memory is different , language and communication is different , you do n't know what is going on . Then you start getting answers , and you get a sense of how to play to his strengths and minimize his weaknesses . Here are travel tips , communication tips , and safety issues ; here are ways to stay happy and joyful , even though this is a new chronic illness . " There 's another critical factor as well : access to clinical trials that might help slow the illness . "  Right now , the big studies that are underway in prevention are really looking at people in the early stages of Alzheimer 's , " said Kallmyer . "  So by waiting , they can lose out on clinical trials as well . " Addressing the ` gap ' "  We want to be clear that we believe physicians are well meaning , but there 's a gap there somewhere , " said Keith Fargo , Director of Scientific Programs for the Alzheimer 's Association . "  We saw doctors say lack of time , lack of resources , so we think the answer to this mostly has to do with education and providing more resources . " Experts CNN spoke to agreed . "  As a field , we have failed , " Tariot told CNN . "  It is n't just the doctors in the trenches . Medical schools , professional organizations and health care systems have not recognized the importance of identification and management of people with dementia . " "  I think that medical school curriculum does need to update to include neurodegenerative diseases in their ` giving bad news ' training -- Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's diseases , for example , " said Price . "  We do need to educate all providers to be aware that hesitance to give the diagnosis reduces the ability of the patient and family to make some choices and planning that is essential for emotional and financial well-being . "	Only 45 % of patients and their caregivers say their doctor told them they have Alzheimer 's Yet more than 90 % of common cancer patients were given their diagnosis Advocates say truthful diagnosis is critical to quality of life and future planning
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- A member of the Shiite militia Hezbollah , who escaped from an Egyptian prison during the recent unrest there , made a surprise appearance Wednesday at a Hezbollah rally in Beirut . The Hezbollah television network al Manar showed Sami Shehab being greeted by rapturous applause as he took the stage at the rally in a southern suburb of Beirut to mark the group 's martyrs ' day . Shehab , also known as Mohammed Yusuf Mansour , was accused by Egyptian authorities of leading a Hezbollah cell in Egypt and planning attacks in Egypt . He had been in prison for nearly two years before escaping on February 3 along with several members of the Palestinian Islamic group Hamas , Hezbollah officials said . He was described as a "  brother in our struggle " as he joined a group of Hezbollah officials on stage .	Hezbollah member escaped from Egyptian prison He makes surprise appearance in Beirut
CNN  -- Sandy disrupted the lives of millions of people when it turned toward the Northeast United States and morphed into a superstorm . Most will return to their routine in time , but some lives are forever changed . Among those people , here are three of their stories : Emergency : A desperate rush to save lives in a hospital The doctors , nurses and staff at the New York University 's Langone Medical Center acted fast Monday evening when their hospital basement flooded , cutting off power and the roof-top generators choked under Sandy 's torrential rain . How you can help Ventilators giving newborns breath failed , lights dimmed and elevators in the 15-floor hospital stopped . Dr. Andrew Brotman described a desperate rush to find other hospitals to take their 260 patients and ambulances to take them there along streets flooded by the superstorm . The hospital was empty of patients by 11 a.m. Tuesday , but Brotman and his colleagues were left with the challenge of reclaiming it from Sandy 's fury . Read more about the fast-thinking efforts of the hospital staff Rescue : Police chief aids hundreds who stayed behind One of Ralph Verdi 's jobs as police chief of Little Ferry , New Jersey , is to make sure residents heed warnings when danger approaches . But many of the 10,000 residents who rode out Irene last year -- the first hurricane to make landfall in New Jersey in 108 years -- might have seen Sandy as another overhyped storm . When Sandy lived up to her billing and flooded Little Ferry and two neighboring towns , Verdi 's job became the rescue of residents trapped in the top floors and roofs of their homes by 6-feet-deep water . Rescuers under Verdi 's direction scrambled to save a Bergen County woman who waved and shouted from her front porch . The chief has been too busy to count how many people have been whisked from rising water , but he knew it was in the hundreds -- with many others , some in pajamas and barefoot , calling for help . Read more about the rescue efforts in hard-hit New Jersey Death : She answered the call of the sea and history While the patients at Brotman 's hospital and the people Verdi rescued all survived , Sandy took the life of Claudene Christian . Christian , 42 , was living her dream as a deckhand on a replica of the historic HMS Bounty before giant waves , churned up by Hurricane Sandy , overtook the three-masted , 180-foot sailing vessel off North Carolina 's coast early Monday . While 14 crew members made it to lifeboats , waves washed Christian , Capt. Robin Waldridge and another crew members overboard . The third crew member eventually swam to a lifeboat . The U.S. Coast Guard staged a daring helicopter rescue : They flew into the hurricane 's outer bands and plucked the surviving crew members from two lifeboats . Christian 's body was later pulled from the sea , but Waldridge remained missing Tuesday . Read more about the adventurous life of Claudene Christian Elizabeth Cohen , Ashley Frantz and Thom Patterson contributed to this report .	Emergency : Dr. Andrew Brotman describes a frantic rush to evacuate 260 patients Rescue : Ralph Verdi 's job was to warn people to flee , then to rescue those who did n't listen Death : Claudene Christian was living her dream as a deckhand on the HMS Bounty
CNN  -- The body of a young man found in the Providence River on Tuesday may be that of Sunil Tripathi , a student at Brown University who disappeared March 16 , police told CNN . A Brown rowing coach reported a body in the river near India Point Park , Lindsay Lague , a spokeswoman for the Providence Police Department , said Wednesday . Lague said authorities may be able to identify the body as soon as Thursday morning . When asked if it might be Tripathi , Detective Mark Sacco said it was "  likely " but was cautious to say they wo n't know who it is until the medical examiner makes a determination . The body is a man between the ages of 18 and 30 , he said . The Tripathi family 's search for the 22-year-old philosophy major has been detailed on a Facebook page , "  Help us find Sunil Tripathi . " They temporarily took down the page after they were inundated by ugly comments when Sunil Tripathi was falsely accused on social media of being one of the Boston Marathon bombers . After the FBI released images of Suspect 1 and Suspect 2 , people took to sites such as Reddit , a real-time message board , and Twitter speculating that Tripathi looked like one of the suspects . Reddit 's general manager apologized to the Tripathi family for the misinformation . Tripathi was last seen in the early hours of March 16 , recorded on a security video walking south on Brook Street in Providence , not far from his home . His last recorded computer activity was shortly before that sighting . "  He was seen on the 15th , Friday , hanging out with his friends , talking to family members , all normal activities , nothing out of the ordinary that anyone detected , " his brother Ravi told CNN affiliate WPRI on April 10 . Since then a desperate search has been on for Tripathi , known to family and friends as "  Sunny . " Tripathi , who had been struggling with depression , was last seen wearing blue jeans , a black Eastern Mountain Sports ski jacket , glasses and a black Philadelphia Eagles wool hat . He was said to be 6 feet tall , 130 pounds , with short , dark hair . By March 17 , nobody had seen him for 24 hours , and a friend became concerned and called the police . At that point , the family was notified and came up from Philadelphia as soon as they could , Ravi said . "  We are a very tight-knit family , and it 's very out of the ordinary that he would be not in contact for even 24 hours , " Ravi told WPRI . "  He spoke with his aunt , he spoke with his grandmother Friday night , he texted with my mum , all normal activities , and then his cell phone was left in his apartment along with his wallet and ID , which is totally atypical for him . " The FBI and other agencies launched a search of Providence , Rhode Island , and nearby cities after he was reported missing , but no trace was found . Over the past month , Ravi has appeared on local and national networks appealing for help to find his sibling , the youngest of three . At the time he went missing , Sunil Tripathi was on approved leave from the Ivy League school , meaning that he had requested and was granted time off but remained a student there . Sunil had taken the time off to figure out exactly what he wanted to do , Ravi told WPRI . He described his brother as a quiet person who enjoyed the little things in life . His preferred food was vegetarian and he was a talented saxophonist , the family said . "  Our concerns are first and foremost with Sunil and his family , " Margaret Klawunn , vice president for student life and campus services at Brown University , said last month . "  We are hopeful that by encouraging the Brown community to help spread the word that Sunil will be located . " Sunil had been living in Providence since 2008 but grew up in Radnor , Pennsylvania . The family , including Sunil 's sister , Sangeeta , tried to find him by re-creating the sequence of events early on March 16 , in the hope of finding a clue to where he might have gone . They also got the word out by posting fliers , canvassing the area , working with law enforcement and sought to harness the power of social media . A tweet a week ago on the family 's Twitter page , Finding Sunny , said : "  Sunny day . We 're out in Providence postering away -- learning the nooks and crannies of every block of this town ... " A moving video was posted on YouTube on April 8 , simply titled "  For Sunny , " in which family and friends appeal for him to come home , telling him how much they love him and want to see him . The family "  want to know that he 's safe , " Ravi told WPRI just six days before the Boston bombing . "  All we really want to know is that he 's around and that he 's okay . "  And we would like him to know that we love him deeply and we miss him a lot . "	A medical examiner will determine whether a body is that of a missing student Sunil Tripathi was last seen in Providence , Rhode Island , in mid-March He was taking a break from Brown University when he disappeared He was falsely accused on social media of being one of the Boston Marathon bombers
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- National Guard members were on duty in Ferguson , Missouri , on Thanksgiving but the people who came up to them only wanted to spread goodwill , bringing turkey and other treats . CNN affiliate KSDK reported that dozens of citizens visited one post at a shopping center . "  We just all have to make sure that we are taking care of one another , " Terry Pimmel told the station . "  That is our mission . " Gov. Jay Nixon also stopped by to see the troops . Other volunteers bundled up and painted boards that cover the holes where windows used to be in buildings trashed during recent protests , according to CNN affiliate KMOV . "  We came out here because we thought that anything would be better than just blank plywood , " Avi Ryan , 13 , told KMOV . Some members of the family of Michael Brown , who was fatally shot in August by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson , gathered at his father 's place for their first holiday dinner since Brown 's death . There was a chair left empty at the dining room table of Michael Brown Sr. , a photo posted to Twitter by Ferguson Action showed . A shirt with the words "  Gone  Too  Soon " was draped over the chair and Brown Sr. wore a shirt that said , "  Justice . Small protests overnight Perhaps it was the biting cold , or maybe it was because of Thanksgiving . But Ferguson was much calmer early Thursday than it had been the previous two days . A few dozen protesters showed up outside police headquarters in Ferguson late Wednesday night . And standing under a "  Seasons Greetings " sign stretching over the road , they fired obscenities at National Guard members who stood on watch outside the police department 's offices . But there were no incidents , no confrontations between the two sides . Police made two arrests , and no injuries or damages were reported . A protest organizer told CNN that even though the numbers were small early Thursday , demonstrators will return night after night as they have done since the summer when Michael Brown , a black teen , was shot dead by Darren Wilson , a white police officer . Nationwide , protests continued , but they too were peaceful for the most part . In Los Angeles , police arrested 130 protesters on misdemeanor charges of failure to disperse . In Oakland , California , police arrested 35 people for a variety of charges related to protests . At the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York on Thursday morning , seven were arrested after several people broke through barriers near the parade route to protest Monday 's grand jury decision not to indict Wilson , New York police said . Wilson 's future For his part , Wilson is in talks to leave the Ferguson Police Department and may give up being an officer altogether . "  It 's not a question of if , it 's a question of when , " Wilson 's attorney , Neil Bruntrager , told CNN 's Don Lemon late Wednesday . "  Realistically , he ca n't go back to being a police officer . He knows that . There 's no illusion about any of this . " Wilson has said he killed the 18-year-old Brown out of fear for his life during their encounter on August 9 . He maintains he has n't done anything wrong . Though he has n't said much , Wilson sympathizes with Brown 's family , his attorney said . "  His remorse and his sadness about what happened is there , and it 's real , " Bruntrager told CNN . "  But in respect to the Browns , he 's been very careful to sort of stand back . He knows that whatever he says , it 's not going to be read as he means it . " The Browns ' dismay Brown 's parents do n't believe Wilson 's version of events , telling CNN 's Sunny Hostin their son would never have taunted the officer nor reached for his weapon "  He 's a murderer , " Brown 's father said , referring to Wilson . "  He understood his actions . He understood exactly what he was doing . You know , he did n't have a second thought , a pushback thought , or nothing . He was intending to kill someone . That 's how I look at it , " Brown said . "  He was going to kill someone at that point . " Michael Brown 's mother said hearing that a grand jury had decided not to indict the officer who killed her son felt like getting shot . "  We heard this and it was just like , like I had been shot . Like you shoot me now -- just no respect , no sympathy , nothing , " Lesley McSpadden told Hostin on Wednesday . "  This could be your child . This could be anybody 's child . " Investigation continues Back in Ferguson , a one-mile stretch of West Florissant Avenue , the site of previous protests , was closed to cars and pedestrians , with authorities saying the burned-out buildings on the route are crime scenes . One of those buildings is Flood Christian Church , where Michael Brown Sr. is a member . The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives is leading an investigation into the fire that destroyed the church , a spokesman said . Investigators have found that someone broke into the church , and the fire began in a foyer near the doors that were breached , the ATF spokesman said . The church is some distance away from the strip of stores that burned Monday . Other nearby structures were untouched , which is cause for suspicion , the spokesman said . Also Wednesday , Ferguson police were looking for clues as to who stole an AR-15 that was locked in a rack and plucked from a police car torched by rioters this week . "  They took the entire rack from the car , " St. Louis County police Sgt. Brian Schellman said . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson CNN 's Moni Basu reported from Ferguson , and Steve Almasy and Saeed Ahmed wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Sara Sidner , Faith Karimi , Jason Hanna and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	NEW : Volunteers bring turkey and other Thanksgiving treats to National Guard soldiers NEW : Michael Brown 's father leaves one chair empty at table ATF is investigating possible arson at Michael Brown Sr. 's church Officer Darren Wilson is in talks to leave the Ferguson Police Department , lawyer says
A Nebraska toddler who repeated a slew of profanities in an online video has been taken into child protective custody , Omaha police said Wednesday . While authorities found nothing criminal in the video , officials from the Omaha police 's Child Victim Unit and the Nebraska Child Protective Services took the infant and three other children into custody on Wednesday , the police department said on its Facebook page . The joint investigation found safety concerns , the statement said . CNN learned of development through Twitter . In the video , the diapered child is bombarded with obscenities and racial slurs by the adults around him . The African-American toddler knocks down a chair and gives nearly as good as he gets , responding to some of the comments with an upraised middle finger and telling one of the adults at one point , "  Shut up , bitch . " The adults laugh and prompt him to repeat other crudities . Just another day on the Internet -- until the police union in Omaha , Nebraska , posted the clip on its website to highlight what it called the "  cycle of violence and thuggery " the community faces . Police union draws fire over swearing toddler ` thug ' video The Omaha Police Officers Association came under fire from the city 's police chief , the ACLU and at least one community leader . They say the move needlessly antagonizes the city 's minority communities , who make up about a quarter of Omaha 's 409,000 residents . Sgt. John Wells , the union 's president , said the video was "  disturbing " and "  offensive . " "  The focus here is n't on any particular ethnic group . The focus here is on the troubling behavior towards this child , " Wells said . "  This behavior is going to potentially lead this child down a path that is completely unhealthy . " On the website where the video is hosted , the union said the clip came from "  a local thug 's public Facebook page . " "  We here at OmahaPOA.com viewed the video and we knew that despite the fact that it is sickening , heartbreaking footage , we have an obligation to share it to continue to educate the law abiding public about the terrible cycle of violence and thuggery that some young innocent children find themselves helplessly trapped in , " the police union wrote in a post accompanying the video . "  Now while we did n't see anything in this video that is blatantly ` illegal , ' we sure did see a lot that is flat out immoral and completely unhealthy for this little child from a healthy upbringing standpoint , " it added . Wells said one of the adults mentions a local street gang in the video . "  That is why when we talk about the culture , the criminal culture , that this is to try to break the cycle and deal with the culture of violence and the culture of gang activity , " he said . But in a city where police officers ' treatment of minorities led to lawsuits , criminal charges against two officers and the firings and reassignments of several others in the past year , critics say the video is poking at raw wounds . Willie Hamilton , president of the community activist group Black Men United , said the union "  crossed a line by doing this . " "  For them to take a video out of context -- a 2-year-old who does n't have the brain capacity to know what 's going on -- and to say that this child , because two adults acted inappropriately , is going to end up in a life of crime is totally inappropriate , " Hamilton said . And the American Civil Liberties Union of Nebraska , which filed an excessive-force suit against the Omaha Police Department on behalf of an African-American family on Monday , said the union 's use of "  racially charged language " was "  very disconcerting . " Police Chief Todd Schmaderer tried to distance his agency from the controversy in a statement issued Tuesday , saying that the union 's website and Facebook page are separate from those of the Omaha Police Department and that he has little authority over the public statements of union members . "  With that background and understanding , I want to make it explicit and clear that the views expressed on the OPOA Facebook page do not necessarily reflect the official stance of the Omaha Police Department , " Schmaderer said . "  I strongly disagree with any postings that may cause a divide in our community or an obstacle to police community relations . " Wells said union members have turned the video over to the department 's child victim unit , which will work with child-welfare agencies to investigate the circumstances . He said the organization "  did n't think we 'd get this big of a reaction . " "  Hopefully , the impact is , it gives law-abiding citizens what law enforcement deals with on a daily basis , and it sort of throws back the blinders that these type of problems are going on , " he said . "  And we can have a very frank and open discussion on how to tackle these issues and come up with solutions . "	Authorities say there was no crime committed , but safety concerns existed Video shows toddler bombarded with obscenities , coached to respond in kind Omaha police union says it illustrates "  a cycle of violence and thuggery " ACLU and African-American leaders blast the posting of the video
CNN Student News  -- April 26 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Syria Waco , Texas ; Dallas , Texas Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . Teachers : We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's inflation rate has soared in the past three months and is now at 11.2 million percent , the highest in the world , according to the country 's Central Statistical Office . Zimbabwe 's inflation rate has soared to a world high . Official figures dated Monday show inflation has surged from the rate of 2.2 million percent recorded in May , despite the government 's price controls . The country 's finance minister confirmed the new figure in an interview but said the rising inflation rate was not confined to Zimbabwe alone . "  While our case has been aggravated by the illegal sanctions imposed by the Western powers , rising food prices are a world phenomenon because of the use of bio-fuel , " said Samuel Mumbengegwi . "  But we will continue to fight inflation by making sure that prices charged are realistic . " In February , the price of a loaf of bread in the country was less than 200,000 Zimbabwe dollars . On Monday , that same loaf of bread cost 1.6 trillion Zimbabwe dollars . Analysts have said the Zimbabwean government 's official inflation rate figures are conservative . Last week , one of Zimbabwe 's leading banks , Kingdom Bank , said the country 's inflation rate was now more than 20 million percent . The locally-owned bank predicted tougher times ahead for Zimbabwe in the absence of donor support and foreign investment in an economy that has been in freefall for almost a decade . Once considered the breadbasket of Africa , Zimbabwe has been in the throes of an economic meltdown ever since the country embarked on a chaotic land reform program that has decimated commercial agriculture . Analysts say the crisis has worsened following President Robert Mugabe 's disputed reelection in the June 27 presidential run-off . His challenger Morgan Tsvangirai boycotted the race over widespread allegations of violence and voter intimidation . The economic crisis has destroyed Zimbabwe 's currency and made it difficult for Zimbabweans to buy basic commodities , electricity , fuel , and medicines . Many Zimbabweans have left the country amid rising unemployment and deepening poverty . Last week a summit in South Africa of regional African leaders failed to persuade Zimbabwe 's political parties to agree to form a government of national unity , which observers view as the best way to end Zimbabwe 's record recession .	Zimbabwe 's inflation rate soars to 11.2 million percent A loaf of bread costs 1.6 trillion Zimbabwe dollars Official rate is world 's highest but some analysts fear it may be more Zimbabwe officials blame international sanctions and rising global food prices
Jerusalem  CNN  -- As Jamal al-Durrah washes his son Mohammad 's tombstone in a Gaza graveyard , he fears that the boy 's spirit rests uneasy . The image of the father shielding his 12-year-old son in a hail of bullets , under the glare of a camera , became the symbol of the second Palestinian uprising , or Intifada . Thirteen years later , the controversy behind those pictures is still alive . An Israeli government committee concluded in a report presented Sunday that the story , which was broadcast by France 2 in 2000 , can not be substantiated by the pictures . Children of the conflict : Innocence interrupted by war The news report aired by France 2 stated : "  Here Jamal and his son Mohammad are the target of fire coming from the Israeli position . ... But , a new round of fire , Mohammad is dead and his father badly hurt . " However , the Israeli government committee report states : "  There is no evidence that the IDF  Israel Defense Forces  was in any way responsible for causing any of the alleged injuries to Jamal or the boy . " It 's a statement that pains a still-grieving father . But Jamal al-Durrah is prepared to have his son 's remains exhumed to demonstrate that he was killed by Israeli bullets , as reported in 2000 . "  I would like to show the world the truth , and I am sitting in front of my son 's grave and ready to accept an international independent investigation commission including Arabs , " he said . "  If Israel agrees , I am ready to open the grave . " The head of the Israeli government review committee , Yossi Kuperwasser , said he does not know what happened to Mohammad al-Durrah . Showing the raw material provided by France 2 to CNN , he said , "  See , he was supposed to be dead . He was declared dead a moment ago , understand , he was declared dead when he was lying  there .  That 's where he cut it . He said the boy is dead . But a second later , he  Mohammad al-Durrah  raises his hand . " Analysis : Conflict shifts balance of power in the Middle East Israel places the implications of the Mohammad al-Durrah story in a much wider context . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said : "  It is important to focus on this incident , which has slandered Israel 's reputation . This is a manifestation of the ongoing , mendacious campaign to delegitimize Israel . "  There is only one way to counter lies , and that is through the truth . Only the truth can prevail over lies . " The search for that truth has been conducted in courthouses , human rights reports and media investigations . Cameraman Talal Abu Rahma , who filmed the event for France 2 , and also works for CNN , has been at the center of trying to understand what happened on that fateful day . Thirteen years later , he points to the camera that recorded the event as his most solid source , saying : "  My witness is  my  camera . ... I am sorry this camera does not talk , but really this camera recorded that footage . " Mohammad al-Durrah 's story has become an important symbol in the Palestinian struggle for statehood . The image of his final moments is shown on stamps in Egypt , Tunisia , Iraq , Iran and Morocco . Israel says that the false narrative of al-Durrah 's death has been used to justify terrorist attacks against Israel and worldwide anti-Semitism . It is perhaps the ongoing struggle between Israelis and Palestinians over the righteousness of their narrative that will not let this image be forgotten .	An Israeli government committee disputes a France 2 report of a Gaza boy 's death Image of the boy and his father under a hail of Israeli bullets became a powerful symbol The father , Jamal al-Durrah , wants an independent inquiry to "  show the world the truth " There 's no evidence the IDF was to blame for injuries to the boy or his father , Israeli report says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- London 's newest hotelier Mark Fuller is showing commendable bravado for someone about to open a luxury hotel during a global recession . Entrepreneur Mark Fuller in the Sanctum Soho hotel , a rock 'n' roll "  haven of hedonism " in London . "  F *** the recession , let 's get on with it , " he says , while sitting on the roof terrace of the Sanctum Soho , a 30-room establishment dubbed the rock 'n' roll hotel , as much for its "  anything goes " service philosophy as the pedigree of its owners , which include the co-managers of heavy metal band Iron Maiden . "  We do not recognize there is a credit crunch because we believe you should battle through it , " Fuller says , adding , "  If you get panicky and scary about things like this , you 're no man at all . " Besides , he admits , three years ago when he started working on the concept of an ` alluring haven of hedonism '  as the hotel is described on its Web site  , the credit crunch did n't exist . And by the time it hit , it was too late to pull out . "  We would n't do anyway , " Fuller insists , adding "  fortune favors the brave , as they say . " See images of the rock star hotel " The former band manager turned entrepreneur , is looking quite the rock star tonight , decked head-to-toe in black while a shiny silver skull stares ominously from his belt buckle . Downstairs , staff are frantically preparing for a launch party that promises to be heavy on champagne , cocktails and celebrities . It 's almost like the crunch does n't exist . This is Fuller 's world and he 's hoping plenty of people will want to join it . "  In every downturn in the economic climate I think people look for some affordable glamour and escape , " he says . Fuller also owns and runs the Embassy Hotel , an exclusive nightclub in the upmarket London suburb of Mayfair which he plans to franchise in Dubai , Istanbul and Abu Dhabi . The partners in his new hotel venture ooze rock credential : Iron Maiden co-managers Rod Smallwood and Andy Taylor . While Taylor has experience running a restaurant and hotel , "  The Inn on the Green , " Smallwood 's experience in the hotel industry is based on 30 years on the road with Iron Maiden . Last year he stayed in 80 hotels in 40 countries and one of his biggest gripes is returning to his hotel after a gig and finding the bar is closed . "  You want good service , and you want the bars open , and you want good food available , " he says from the roof terrace equipped with a bar and Jacuzzi he 's taken to calling "  my lounge . " Smallwood expects to stay in the hotel once a week and says it will become a London bolt-hole for the band . While non-music types and the tone-deaf are welcome to stay in the hotel , over-enthusiastic groupies are not . "  If you 're on the road for three months , you can never escape , " Smallwood says . "  The fans , some of them , think they have a God-given right , just because they 're staying in the same hotel , to put a camera in your face over your cornflakes . " "  The rule here is no autographs and no photographs , " he says firmly . "  Say Paul Weller is sitting in the corner having a beer , and you go and ask for an autograph or photograph , you will not stay here again . " Along with privacy and a beer at all hours , guests have access to an on-call guitar doctor , a necessity , apparently , if you break a string while strumming in your room . Guests who have inadvertently left their guitar at home can hire one from reception . The rock star concept extends to the room decor . The silver wallpaper and mirrored columns may appear garish in daylight , but at 3 a.m. one suspects they add a touch of glamour . Free standing baths are a bold leap from the bed and the mini bar is well-stocked with champagne . Rod Smallwood is confident the concept will work . "  Recession or no recession , we 're talking about 30 rooms in a huge major city . If we ca n't sell 30 rooms in the depths of recession it means we 're useless , and we know we 're not . " Mark Fuller says he 's selling more than a hotel room . In times of economic crisis the Sanctum Soho offers the chance to forget the mortgage and live like a rock star , if only for a day . "  You can sit in the restaurant and have a hamburger for seven pounds  $ 10  , " he says . "  The drinks are cheaper than most hotels , and probably cheaper than most nightclubs . The room accommodation runs everywhere from # 125  $ 255  straight up to # 450  $ 650  . Take your pick . Cut your coat . " I mishear him . "  Cut your coke ? " I ask . "  No , you ca n't do that ! " he exclaims . "  Musicians are not like that anymore , " Fuller says . "  The music industry is such now that people release CDs to support tours , not the other way around , so this is a professional state . "  I just do n't want to be the hotel at the end of the tour , then I 'm in danger , " he laughs .	Entrepreneur braves recession to open rock 'n' roll hotel in London 's Soho Sanctum Soho offers roof terrace with 24 hour bar , Jacuzzi , guitar doctors Rooms sparkle with silver wallpaper , free standing baths and champagne Backers include Iron Maiden co-managers Rod Smallwood and Andy Taylor
CNN  -- These are tough times for idealistic revolutionaries . Pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong know that taking on the Chinese government has never been an easy task . Their chance of success gets worse by the day . There are signs that this could end badly . China 's Communist Party is sending clear messages that it has no intention of yielding to the protesters ' demands , warning of "  unimaginable consequences " if the protests do n't end soon . The worst case scenario is that these peaceful and highly disciplined protesters could end up crushed by the Chinese regime just as their predecessors were in 1989 at Tiananmen . Yes , the arc of history tends to bend toward justice , but the conditions and timing have to be right . Based on official statements , China is in no mood to be pressured to change . The international community is too worried about the instability in the Middle East and too busy to meddle with China 's political problems . Hong Kong 's activists , who were prepared well for this moment and are committed to avoiding violence , have the moral support of people beyond China 's borders , but not much more . And China believes it has little to fear from international reaction . When the United States issued mild statements in support of an "  open system " and the "  highest possible degree of autonomy " for Hong Kong , Beijing promptly shot back that this is China 's internal domestic affair and others should stay out . Sure , if China brings about a bloodbath in Hong Kong , investors may take their chips and go to Singapore or other competing regional hubs . It is not completely risk-free for Beijing to go on the offensive against peaceful protesters . But China is controlling the message at home , trying to inoculate the country from a pro-democracy contagion . It would rather avoid a nasty confrontation , but it may decide at some point that a prolonged standoff is riskier than a swift violent crackdown . China 's highly self-assured president , Xi Jinping , has three possible courses of action , and all the evidence is that he has ruled out the one leading to compromise . Instead , he has issued his response in language that signals complete inflexibility . The Communist Party newspaper presented Xi 's position almost as a doctrine , practically written for long-term use . They called it "  The Three Unwaverings , " a determination to continue on the current course of implementing the existing policies of "  one country , two systems , " in "  advancing democratic development according to the law , " and in "  safeguarding long-term prosperity and stability . " When China speaks of safeguarding stability , it means change will come -- if at all -- very slowly and under the complete control of the central government . The Hong Kong students , in contrast to the Tiananmen Square protesters , are not demanding that China become a democratic country . Their demands are much more modest . All they want is Beijing to keep its word . When Hong Kong stopped being a British colony to join China in 1997 , Beijing agreed voters there would choose their own leaders through universal suffrage by 2017 . Now China has said all voters in Hong Kong can participate in those elections , but they will have to choose between candidates approved by a committee loyal to Beijing 's leaders . That 's not true democracy , the protesters say , quite correctly . The man who helped negotiate the 1997 handover , the last British governor of Hong Kong , agrees that Beijing is in brazen violation of the agreement . But President Xi , who has been adding to his authority and may have already become the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao , is not going to let the masses of democracy-loving people in Hong Kong tell him what to do . More importantly , he will not allow them to give the rest of China any crazy ideas about choosing their own leaders or about pressuring the authorities to make concessions by holding protests . China 's Communist Party worries about three things over all others : social stability , economic growth and its hold on power . They view anything that threatens one of those goals as a challenge to be quashed . A mass protest demanding democracy in the most prosperous city in the country -- Hong Kong 's umbrella revolution -- threatens all three , even if the protesters are not trying to overthrow the Communist Party 's rule . Xi has already been trying to maneuver through an economic slowdown . Periods of economic uncertainty are the most dangerous times for a political system . Activists in the mainland say he has already tightened repression and surveillance against dissidents . And that was even before the umbrellas came out in Hong Kong and volleys of tear gas persuaded tens of thousands of people to come out in support of the young protesters . For now , Beijing is allowing the local government in Hong Kong to deal with the crisis . But its patience is wearing thin . The students are digging in , persuaded of the rightness of their cause . If Beijing does send out the troops -- the People 's Liberation Army forces already garrisoned close to where the "  umbrella revolution " demonstrators are holding their protests -- international reaction will prove even less determined and more ineffective than it did in Beijing after that tragic night in Tiananmen Square 25 years ago Beijing knows that if it crushes the protests , there will be little appetite in other countries for major economic sanctions against China . Both rich and poor economies have become reliant on Chinese markets . If it 's any consolation , this moment is not lost . The times are tough for democratic revolution , but history really is on the side of protesters . As Hegel said , history steadily brings the awareness of one 's freedom , followed by its realization . Hong Kong is gaining that awareness . But achieving true democracy will take longer .	Frida Ghitis : These are tough times for idealistic pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong Ghitis : Let 's hope there wo n't be a repeat of Tiananmen Square violence She says China appears unwilling to allow flexibility , so protesters have few options Ghitis : Even if the standoff leads to Chinese crackdown , other nations will unlikely to interfere
CNN  -- Her smiling face is broadcast to more than 20 million Americans each month -- yet Victoria Osteen still acts like your small-town Texan neighbor . She makes sure to ask how you 're doing and what you did for the holidays before getting down to anything business-related . "  I know the people I 've talked to are really valuing what they have right now , " Victoria Osteen said . As co-pastor of Lakewood Church in Houston , Texas , with her husband , Joel , Victoria Osteen is an inspiration and mentor to many . Her first book , "  Love Your Life : Living Happy , Healthy and Whole , " offers busy , distressed women advice on embracing joy . And her newly released children 's books  "  Unexpected Treasures " and "  My Happy Heart Books "  aim to help kids develop their character and friendships . "  You know , books are such a great way to spend time with your children , open lines of communication with your children , and just build that strong foundation , " she said . CNN talked with Victoria Osteen about the uncertain economy , common financial sins , and why encouragement is so important . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : Your first book was released in October . Why did you write it ? Who were you hoping to inspire ? Victoria Osteen : I 've talked to so many people after the last 10 years , and I just found that there was a kind of thread that ran through every conversation . Relationships are people 's No. 1 priorities . They want to have good relationships and a lot of times they do n't . Even in these uncertain times , these economic uncertainties , we have to be able to develop our relationships and our support systems . So I addressed a lot of those issues , and just gave practical advice from my life and people I 've talked to . So I just hoped to inspire people to just realize their influence , their value , and the fact that they can get even more out of their relationships and enjoy them . CNN : Have you heard many stories about these difficult economic times ? Osteen : It 's interesting , because we get so much uncertainty and get so stressed out , and I know the people I 've talked to are really valuing what they have right now . And they 're starting with their relationships , with their children , with family . They 're saying , "  I want to focus on them , I do n't want to be so distracted in what 's going on that I ca n't spend time with my family . " And I think that 's what happens to us . We go through hard times and difficulties and those things seem to pass . But our relationships are there for a lifetime . In times like this , we need each other and we need to support one another and encourage one another . We all need encouragement so it 's good to have that strong support system . CNN : How is religion affected in times like these ? ... Do more people turn to God for hope ? Or do they get discouraged because he 's not doing enough ? Osteen : You know , sometimes I think these difficult situations can bring us back to what is important and maybe do some things that we should have done before in our life . I find that people are coming back to their faith . They 're depending on it , and they want to rediscover what 's important . So I really think there 's a lot of hope and a lot of encouragement out there . And people are wanting to say , you know , "  We 're going to get through these tough times , too . " And their faith is a key here , it really is . CNN : What are the main financial "  sins " you see ? What do people do over and over again that they could do better ? Osteen : I think we could all do better sometimes of not overextending ourselves as much . It 's easy in our day and age to just extend ourselves in the credit line and things like that , but this -LSB- economic time -RSB- I think will bring people back -- "  You know , I need to live within my means and be kind of careful with my money . " CNN : Do you have any advice for those that are suffering with personal finances or job loss ? Osteen : I would just encourage them to reach into their faith and reach out to God and to keep their family around them . I mean , I just think that is so important to keep a strong support system , to keep yourself encouraged . You know , when you get down and discouraged , you do n't see any hope in a situation -- it does n't help you rise above it . And another thing ... extend our hand to someone else . You might not be able to help financially , but you can help someone maybe by just babysitting their children while they go on a job interview or , you know , just doing the simple things to get outside your own self and your own needs . Sometimes in need , when you reach out and meet someone else 's need , it 's amazing how it can change the atmosphere around you . CNN : You travel around the country , spreading an uplifting message . How does it affect you to always have to be the positive one ? Do you ever get tired of that or feel like things are bringing you down ? Osteen : Well , you know we all have to keep ourselves encouraged . I have to encourage myself every day because when you look at what 's going on , you can just look down and say , "  What 's happening ? " You know , you can let fear attach itself to you and fear is contagious -- when you get around it , it just seems to build on itself . The thing about it is that I 've seen God do so many miracles for so many people . I talk to people everyday who this lord of encouragement has helped them stay above it all , so they can make good decisions . God can lead them in a better direction . So because I 've seen God do so many great things , it just helps me to say , "  Stay encouraged " and "  You can do it , do n't give up . " Because God 's faithful , and I think that 's what helps me continue to encourage other people .	Victoria Osteen is co-pastor of Lakewood Church with husband , Joel Osteen She wrote two children 's books , one called "  Unexpected Treasures " "  I think we could all do better sometimes of not overextending ourselves , " she says Victoria Osteen on financial stress : "  Encourage them to reach into their faith "
CNN  -- Authorities are investigating whether it was an extreme case of bullying that led to the death of a 17-year-old student in Argentina , after she was attacked by two women and another girl last week . Naira Cofreces died Sunday of multiple injuries , including bruising to the left side of her brain , officials said . "  First there was a verbal altercation and then she was kicked , punched and Naira 's head was smashed against a wall , " Judge Maria Laura Durante told Telam , the Argentine state news agency . The judge also said this is a case of "  aggravated homicide because there might 've been premeditation . " Officials say the teen was attacked last Wednesday at about 10 p.m. , after leaving the night school she attended in the city of Junn , about 260 kilometers  161 miles  west of Buenos Aires . Her attackers , ages 17 , 22 and 29 , were waiting for her after school . The two younger ones were her classmates . All three have been arrested and charged with aggravated homicide , authorities said . "  There 's no clear motive . We have testimony that suggests the motive could 've been another girl or because they  the victim and her friends  acted as if they were more beautiful than the rest and dressed better than them , " Durante told Telam . A close friend of Cofreces told CNN affiliate Channel 9 the dispute started over differences that the victim and her alleged attackers had over looks and demeanor . "  She  one of the attackers  would tell her that she had a snobby face , an old woman 's face , that she thought she was more beautiful than her and that she walked as if she were a model . That 's how the whole problem started , " said the friend , who was not identified because she 's a minor . Cofreces went home after the attack , but was taken to Agudos General Hospital the following morning . "  She came the day after she was beaten up , we did a tomography and discovered a big hematoma on the left side of her brain , so we decided to operate , " Dr. Carlos Garbe told Telam . A new tomography revealed more bruising of the brain . leading to a second surgery . "  After the second surgery , she continued to show complications which worsened until she died , " Garbe said . Cofreces was pronounced dead Sunday night , four days after the attack . The incident has caused a public outcry in Argentina . Nestor Ribet , education undersecretary for the Buenos Aires Province , says he has sent counselors to Junn to work with students and their families at the school where the attack took place . "  We 're talking about the death of a 17-year-old child . Nobody can explain why this happened , " Ribet told Telam . "  There is really nothing that can explain this . "	Two of Cofreces ' alleged attackers were her classmates , officials say The 17-year-old student went home after attack , was taken to hospital the next day A friend said one of the alleged attackers told the victim she had a snobby face
-LSB- Breaking news update 11:35 p.m. -RSB- Diana Nyad has broken swimmer Penny Palfrey 's 2012 distance record in the Cuba to Florida swim , putting her closer to Key West than anyone has ever swum without a shark cage . -LSB- Original story last posted at 10:18 p.m. -RSB- Diana Nyad better than halfway through Cuba-to-Florida swim Endurance swimmer Diana Nyad was better than halfway across the strait separating Cuba from the Florida Keys on Sunday on her fifth attempt to make it across the channel , her support team reported . After more than 30 hours in the water , the 64-year-old Nyad was more than 63 miles north of the marina where she began Saturday morning . "  This is farther than she has gone in any previous attempt , " team navigator John Bartlett wrote on Nyad 's website . "  Her path is only 5 miles to the east of a straight line from Marina Hemingway to Key West , thanks to a favorable Gulf Stream . " Nyad was still "  swimming strongly " at just over 1.5 mph -- but averaging about 2 mph thanks to that favorable current , Bartlett wrote . Later , her handler said that Nyad was feeling strong and coherent . "  She is joking for the first time all day , " wrote Bonnie Stoll on the same website . "  The only concern is that she is throwing up everything she eats . She 's quite nauseous from sea salt , but that 's to be expected , " said Stoll . "  We 're giving her enough calories and nutrition . We 're just going to keep feeding her , and we hope that some of it is going down . She 's not weak . Her stroke count has n't changed . " Nyad is attempting to become the first person to swim the 103 miles without the benefits of a shark cage , flippers or wet suit . She 's said it will be her last attempt at that mark , after previous attempts that were thwarted by dehydration , ocean currents and excruciating jellyfish stings to her tongue . This time , she 's wearing a specially designed prosthetic face mask to prevent the jellyfish stings . "  It took us a year ; we made mold after mold , " Nyad said of the mask , adding it was the kind used to protect people who had suffered injuries to their faces . "  It 's a two-edged sword for me . It 's cumbersome , it 's difficult to swim with , but it does n't matter . I am safe . There 's no other way . " She jumped into the water at 8:59 a.m. Saturday . Were Nyad to swim the 103 miles , it would validate her attempts , which have spanned 35 years . In 1997 , Australian endurance swimmer Susie Maroney , then 22 , completed the swim from within a shark cage . Along with the protection the cage offers against toothy predators , swimmers say the cage provides a barrier against waves and other weather hazards . Since Maroney 's swim , some of the world 's best endurance swimmers have tried to cross the straits of Florida without using a cage . All have been turned back , though Australia 's Penny Palfrey made it 80 miles in 2012 before unfavorable currents forced her to quit . But few have done so as persistently or as colorfully as Nyad . The Los Angeles resident says she feels a special bond with Cubans and hopes her repeated efforts to swim between the two countries will help improve the still-tense relations between Havana and Washington . Nyad is being accompanied by a 35-member crew aboard two sail boats . They monitor her health , update her progress on social media and try to ward off sharks that might view her as a potential snack . If all goes as planned , Nyad said , the swim will take her three days to finish .	Diana Nyad is "  feeling strong ... joking for the first time all day , " says her handler She hopes to swim the 103 miles from Havana to the Florida Keys It 's her fifth attempt in 35 years and will be her last , she says If she 's successful , she 'll be the first person to do so without a shark cage , flippers or wet suit
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Suspected Islamic extremists arrested last week in Barcelona were planning al Qaeda-style attacks in Spain , Germany , France , Britain and Portugal , according to an informant who "  infiltrated " the group , Spain 's El Pais newspaper reports . "  If we attack the metro -LSB- subway system in Barcelona -RSB- , the emergency services ca n't get there , " one of the suspected suicide bombers told the informant , El Pais reported on Saturday . "  Our preference is public transport , especially the metro . " El Pais reported that it had access to the informant 's testimony to Spanish officials . CNN has confirmed that authorities have given high importance to an informant 's testimony . The judge who ordered 10 suspects held for allegedly plotting a suicide attack in Barcelona , cited in his rulings the testimony of an informant . CNN has viewed the rulings . Spain 's Interior Minister last Friday said an informant warned of a planned suicide attack against Barcelona 's metro on the weekend of January 18 to 20 . But he added that , for now , "  there is only the testimony of an informant " regarding the timing . The informant told authorities the cell comprised six suicide bombers , including himself , El Pais reported on Saturday . Spain 's attorney general , Candido Conde-Pumpido , said last week that the cell could have contained six suicide bombers , two explosives experts and two ideologues . Judge Ismael Moreno , in rulings last Wednesday , wrote that the informant had named three suspected suicide bombers and an explosives expert , all of whom had traveled from Pakistan to Barcelona since last summer . The judge ordered these four men held , out the total of 10 jailed suspects who are from South Asia . They include nine Pakistani nationals and a man from India , who is Muslim . A court-appointed translator told CNN that all 10 suspects testified during their arraignments that they were innocent . The cell planned three attacks in Spain , one in Germany and others in France , Britain and Portugal , according to the informant , El Pais reported . On Sunday , another El Pais story added that the "  wave of attacks " was to have been carried out by the Barcelona group and other extremist Pakistani cells were to attack elsewhere in Europe . The informant told authorities about potential links between the Barcelona group and suspected extremists in other countries , the interior minister said Friday . The informant had traveled by train from France to Barcelona on January 16 , a few days before police made arrests in Barcelona , El Pais reported Saturday . A day earlier , the newspaper reported that the informant worked for French intelligence . Al Qaeda was planning to take responsibility for the first attack in Barcelona through Baitullah Mehsud , a Taliban commander whom the Pakistani government blames for last month 's assassination of opposition leader Benazir Bhutto , El Pais reported . "  Only the leadership of the organization knows what requests the emir  Baitullah  will make after the first attack , but if they are not carried out , there will be a second attack in Spain , and a third , " a cell leader told the informant , El Pais reported . "  And then in Germany , France , Portugal and the United Kingdom . There are many people prepared there . " In Barcelona , two pairs of suicide bombers were to attack in separate metro stations , the paper said , citing the informant 's testimony . One of the cell leaders said the bombs were supposed to be hidden in backpacks or bags and that other cell members were to detonate them by remote control , the paper added . Two other pairs of suicide bombers were to strike elsewhere in Spain , while another suicide bomber was to attack in Germany , although the informant said he did not know where or when those attacks were to occur , El Pais reported . Three other terrorists were assigned to attack in France and two in Portugal , El Pais reported , although it did not mention locations or times for those attacks either . Civil Guards initially detained 14 people in Barcelona , but released two before arraignments last Wednesday . The judge then released two more , leaving 10 in jail for further investigation . It was not immediately known if the alleged informant may have been among those arrested and released . "  This cell was preparing to attack , " Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba said Friday in an interview with Spanish radio network SER . "  It 's clear they were going to try , whether last weekend  January 18 to 20  or within 15 days . " But he said police have not found explosives "  in sufficient quantity " to have carried out the assault . "  We have found a modest quantity of explosives , " Rubalcaba said , adding that they may have been intended for use in training the suspects . The judge in his rulings wrote that the group "  had achieved human operational capacity and were very close to achieving full technical capacity with explosives , with the aim of using those explosives for a jihadi terrorist attack . " Rubalcaba said that , for any such suspected terrorist cell , "  the time from getting explosives to carrying out the attack can be very short . " The judge wrote that police had found nitrocellulose and mechanical and electrical elements that could have been used to make one or more bombs . More than 300 suspected Islamic extremists have been arrested in Spain since the Madrid train bombings killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800 on March 11 , 2004 , Rubalcaba said . Last October , more than a dozen Islamic extremists were convicted in Madrid for their roles in the train bombings . The 2004 bombings came just three days before general elections , in which Socialist Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero won an upset victory . The latest arrests in Barcelona come less than two months before the next general elections , to be held March 9 , when Zapatero seeks re-election . Spain remains on "  permanent alert " against Islamic terrorism . Al Qaeda communiques regularly make specific references to Spain . E-mail to a friend	Informant : Terrorists planned to attack public transport systems in Europe El Pais said it had access to informant 's testimony to Spanish officials 10 suspects were arrested for allegedly plotting attacks Informant : Cell consisted of six suicide bombers
CNN  -- For centuries , man has been on a quest to find the elixir to eternal life . Alchemists struggled fruitlessly to create the legendary philosopher 's stone , a mythical substance capable of turning base metals into precious gold and said to hold the key to immortality . But perhaps they were going about it the wrong way . Instead of searching for answers on land , maybe they should have been looking to the sea . In the seaside town of Shirahama , in Japan , one man thinks he knows what holds the key to everlasting life : jellyfish . Shin Kubota is a professor at Kyoto University 's Seto Marine Biological Laboratory . He began studying the gelatinous sea creatures in 1979 , and there 's one type with which he 's particularly preoccupied : the scarlet jellyfish . "  They do n't die , " Kubota says , "  they rejuvenate . " He adds that they are one of three jellyfish species in japan that are considered "  immortal . " "  One day in my plankton net , there was a small scarlet jellyfish from  the  south , which had many sharp sticks stuck into its body , " he recalls . "  I thought ` poor thing ' and removed all of the sticks , hoping it may become better and swim again . But it did n't and shrunk . However , it rejuvenated ! " Swimming with sharks , without a cage It 's less immortality and more regeneration , but Kubota believes these tiny marine animals could hold the secret to perpetual life . When an adult scarlet jellyfish -- or medusa -- is injured , it goes to the bottom of the ocean floor . From there , it morphs back into its infant state , known as a polyp . Then the polyp becomes a new medusa , allowing the jellyfish to move between an adult and infant state in about two months . Kubota has succeeded in making one jellyfish rejuvenate an incredible 12 times in the lab . But there remain many unanswered questions . "  There should be a key to rejuvenation in the system of scarlet jellyfish , " says Kubota . "  I 'd like to believe it could be applied to human beings , because genetically , jellyfish and humans are not so different . " Watch the video below to see more about Kubota 's work at the Seto Marine Biological Laboratory and Japan 's "  immortal " jellyfish . Photographer puts you face-to-face with sharks , by swimming uncaged Ready for this jelly ? Strange sea creatures invade beaches Why are ` mousetronauts ' headed to space station ?	Japanese scarlet jellyfish is known as the "  immortal jellyfish " Professor Shin Kubota is a marine expert from Japan researching its life cycle He says the jellyfish could be the key to rejuvenation in humans
CNN  -- Both houses of the New Jersey legislature plan to vote Monday on a controversial bill backed by Democrats that would qualify illegal immigrants for in-state tuition at public colleges and universities . Supporters hope to pass the measure before Democratic Gov. Jon Corzine leaves office . Gov.-elect Christopher J. Christie , a Republican who takes office January 19 , has said he opposes the bill . On Thursday , a Senate vote on the legislation was postponed . After hours of heated debate January 4 , the bill passed the Assembly Appropriations Committee , 7-4 , and the Senate Budget and Appropriations Committee , 8-6 . Both votes were along party lines . To qualify under the bill , New Jersey high school graduates who are illegal immigrants must be enrolled at a public university or college and file an affidavit with the institution stating that they have applied for legal immigration status or will do so when eligible . If signed into law , the bill would be the 11th of its kind . There are similar laws in California , Illinois , Kansas , Nebraska , New Mexico , New York , Oklahoma , Texas , Utah and Washington . In 2008 , Oklahoma ended its support for in-state tuition for students who are in the United States illegally . New Jersey Assemblyman Samuel Thompson , a Republican , said the bill discriminates against U.S. citizens who attend New Jersey colleges and universities but do n't live in the state . Thompson believes illegal immigrants do not have the right to a reduced tuition . "  You can call it undocumented , you can call it whatever you want . But you are not legal and you are not entitled , " Thompson said . Assemblywoman Valerie Huttle , a Democrat , expressed frustration with misconceptions of the bill that label it as a "  free ride " or "  state-funded " education . "  These students have been here for decades , have gone through the school system here and should pay the same as their counterparts who have gone through school with them , " she said . G. Jeremiah Ryan , president of Bergen Community College in Huttle 's district , supports the bill . "  The undocumented kids have a tough time anyway . They 're really good about going to class , " Ryan said . "  Then they stop because they ca n't afford to go to a four-year institution . " The New Jersey Office of Legislative Services said the bill would not affect state revenue because the state does not collect revenue from public colleges and universities . It is estimated that the bill 's provisions would increase the number of illegal immigrants applying for admission . Assemblyman Michael Carroll , a Republican , questioned the validity of a bill that improves illegal immigrants ' access to education when their illegal status prohibits them from giving back to the state in a meaningful way . However , proponents of the bill believe that the young students will be resources for the state . Democrats say that the backlog in applications for citizenship is the real culprit and that the controversy highlights the need for immigration reform on a national level . Daniel Hurley , director of state relations and policy analysis at the American Association of State Colleges and Universities , agreed . "  New Jersey could be the tipping point in terms of energizing Congress to put immigration reform higher on the agenda , " he said . Hurley cited a lack of legislative activity regarding in-state tuition for illegal immigrants in the past few years and applauded the New Jersey legislature . The legislation is the path to a more rational policy on education and immigration on a federal level , he said . "  These men and women are not going back to their native homeland by and large ; they will be staying in New Jersey and the U.S. . The question is : Do we want to facilitate their education and professional aspirations so they can contribute civically and economically , or do we want to prevent that ? " Hurley said . "  They may very well become a liability . " Thompson had blunt words for immigrants whose illegal status he felt nullified their right to education , "  Go back home , apply , come legally , and I 'll welcome you with open arms . " However , students who have lived illegally with their families in the United States see the opportunities the bill would give them . One such student -- Aura , who would only give her first name -- has been praised by teachers for her high grades . "  This bill would just make our school dream possible . They 're not giving it to us for free , " said Aura , who is now a U.S. citizen . "  If they open up this channel for us , we 'll do the rest . "	Democratic backer : Students "  should pay the same as their counterparts " GOP critic : Bill discriminates against some U.S. citizens To qualify , immigrants must be enrolled , must apply for legal status or say they 'll do so
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored his second hat-trick in four days as titleholders Barcelona marched into the knockout stage of the European Champions League on a night of milestones for the Spanish club on Tuesday . The striker , a big favorite to win his third world player of the year award after heading the 2011 nominations before the match against Viktoria Plzen , passed a double century of goals for Barca to mark coach Josep Guardiola 's 200th match in charge . The Czech champions capitulated to a 4-0 home defeat in the Group H game after having Marian Cisovsky sent off for a foul in the box on Messi , who scored the resulting penalty to open the scoring in the 24th minute with his milestone goal . The Argentine made it 2-0 in the second minute of first-half injury-time after combining with Adriano , and he sealed the rout in stoppage time after a superb backheel pass from central defender Gerard Pique set him free for his 202nd . Is Messi the only candidate for Ballon d'Or ? Barca 's third came in the 72nd minute when Cesc Fabregas -- among eight Barca players in the 23-man FIFA Ballon d'Or Shortlist -- headed home a cross by young winger Isaac Cuenca . Guardiola became only the fifth Barca boss to reach 200 games , suffering just 17 defeats . Messi has scored 160 of the 500 goals netted in that period . The clean sheet meant that Barcelona goalkeeper Victor Valdes set a new club record of 877 minutes without conceding , beating the previous mark set by Miguel Reina in 1973 . The win gave Barca 10 points from four games , leaving the Catalans two clear of second-placed AC Milan with two rounds to play . The Italian champions went through to the second round despite being held 1-1 by BATE Borisov in Belarus in an earlier kickoff . Milan went into the match denying reports that hospitalized striker Antonio Cassano had suffered a stroke . "  I think every patient has the right to privacy , the doctors are working on it and there 's nothing more to say , " chief executive Adriano Galliani told the club 's website . "  I spoke to him today and he seemed in good form . There was of course a bit of fear because the whole thing was so unexpected . " Milan took the lead in the 22nd minute through striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic , who won possession out wide on the right and then burst into the box to receive Robinho 's pass and score . But Borisov leveled 10 minutes after halftime with a penalty by Renan Bressan when Ignazio Abate fouled Artem Kontsevoy . Chelsea missed the chance to go through in Group E after being held to a 1-1 draw by Genk in Belgium , as David Luiz missed a penalty for the visitors . Captain John Terry was left on the bench after UK police confirmed he faces a formal investigation into claims the defender racially abused Queen 's Park Rangers ' Anton Ferdinand . The London team , beaten 5-3 by Arsenal at the weekend , took a 26th-minute lead through Ramires but fellow Brazilian Luiz saw his spot-kick saved five minutes before the break . Jelle Vossen leveled just after the hour to leave Chelsea on eight points , and Genk on bottom with two . Second-placed Bayer Leverkusen remained on six points after losing 3-1 at Valencia , who are a point further back following the second-fastest goal in Champions League history . Jonas netted just after 10 seconds , but Stefan Kiessling equalized on the half hour . However , Roberto Soldado  65  and Adil Rami  75  kept the Spanish side 's hopes alive ahead of the final two games . Group F leaders Arsenal also failed to qualify for the last 16 after being held to a 0-0 draw at home to Marseille . The French side remained one point behind Arsenal , who have two wins and two draws . German champions Borussia Dortmund moved off the bottom with a 1-0 win over Greek club Olympiakos . Kevin Grosskreutz scored the only goal in the seventh minute with a spectacular strike to put Dortmund within three points of Marseille ahead of the trip to Arsenal on November 23 . Group G was blown wide open when unfancied Cypriot side Apoel Nicosia shocked Europa League winners Porto 2-1 to stay top of the table . Ailton put the home side ahead three minutes before halftime with a penalty , but fellow Brazilian Hulk leveled from the spot for the Portuguese champions in the 89th minute . However , Gustavo Manduca headed a last-gasp winner to put Apoel a point clear of Zenit St. Petersburg . The Russian champions won 1-0 against Ukraine 's Shakhtar Donetsk , who were left bottom on two points after center-back Nicolas Lombaerts headed the only goal in first-half injury-time .	Barcelona through to last 16 of the European Champions League Lionel Messi nets treble in 4-0 win over Czech champions Viktoria Plzen AC Milan also go through from Group H despite 1-1 draw in Belarus English clubs Arsenal and Chelsea fail to progress after also being held
CNN  -- Major crimes usually shake us into action . A London fire that killed five women ultimately led to the creation of 999 , a precursor to our own 911 emergency system . The rape and murder of Kitty Genovese , meanwhile , inspired the creation of the neighborhood crime watch system . Yet while the Sony Pictures Entertainment email breach is a different sort of crime , it is a crime nonetheless , and one that was perpetrated in a neighborhood where almost all of us are resident these days -- the Internet . So where is the anger ? The letters to congressmen ? Part of the reason is that the reporting has focused on celebrity feuds rather than the fact that what happened to Sony could happen to any of us -- emails of a personal nature allegedly being held ransom or released as payback . In fact , if you add up the number of victims of the most notable known breaches this year , it 's clear that a troublingly high percentage of us will have had some sort of information hacked . The other reason is that few of us feel like we 're paying a price for cyberbreaches -- companies that are hacked typically eat the costs , at times without even informing customers . But lost in the reporting is another fact : We are , in a very real sense , responsible for such attacks . Not simply because we are the audience for the hacker 's seedy releases , but because we are the inadvertent moles that provide the hackers access to large computers networks . Hackers often enter networks through simple phishing attacks , attacks that these days are actually simpler but more insidious than the infamous Nigerian phishing scams . Now , instead of trying to persuade you to part with your money in exchange for a nonexistent financial windfall , emails from trusted sources ask you to check out a photograph , click on a hyperlink to an interesting story or enter your login on an official-looking webpage . Complying with any of these requests provides varying degrees of access to your devices and accounts , and it is these simple ruses that have been responsible for launching malware and "  backdoors " that have ultimately compromised major networks . The apparent simplicity of these attacks conceals a sophisticated understanding of people 's online behavior that is surprising even to the many academics who have spent years studying human behavior . The reality is that many of us fall for these scams because of our email habits . Simple actions such as frequently checking email or Facebook status updates have become part of the daily rituals of Internet use . The human brain overtime automates such routines , which leads to people clicking on hyperlinks , opening attachments and providing credentials without really paying attention to what they are doing . Smartphones and tablets have only exacerbated this . After all , smartphones , which the majority of us now use to access the Internet , are designed for media consumption , not deception detection . Their apps are programmed to optimize smaller screen sizes and restricted data-caps , often by reducing the prominence of elements such as a website 's URL or a sender 's email address that could highlight the deception . Throw into the mix the fact that many of us are accessing these devices while talking , texting or even driving , and it 's hardly surprising that we do n't notice something nefarious . Making things worse , even some people who suspect a deception open such emails anyway because of flawed assumptions about the security of their devices and operating systems . Others might report the intrusion to their employer , but the reporting either comes too late or is lost in organizational silos . This is not surprising -- there are so many different arms of federal and state governments , along with organizations such as the Anti-Phishing Work Group , that collect complaints and disseminate information on cyberattacks that it is hard to keep track of where to send details of a complaint , much less go through the process of finding a contact address . Besides , there is no incentive for reporting a suspicious email unless someone has actually become a victim of an attack , in which case , it is generally already too late . So , what can be done ? A simpler fix would be to develop a single nationwide gateway -- an email address or a phone number similar to the 911 system -- where anyone suspicious of a cyberthreat can quickly report it . In addition , it would be a welcome development to see the proliferation of organizations akin to neighborhood watch groups -- cyberwatch groups , if you will -- where people can routinely report suspected attacks and receive immediate feedback . From Aurora to Regin and the Nigerian scam , most cyberintrusions are named after the codes written into them or the hacker 's fake persona , which cedes power to the very people who perpetrate these crimes . Instead , would n't it be better to highlight the names of the people who help detect an attack ? This would be just one way that we could encourage people to feel they are more invested in protecting our cyberinfrastructure . Ultimately , the Internet is an online extension of our own neighborhoods . It 's time for us to take their protection just as seriously .	Public should be angered over Sony hacking , says Arun Vishwanath Vishwanath : Internet is an online extension of our own neighborhoods U.S. should develop a single nationwide gateway for reporting hacking , he says
CNN  Got an idea on how to make a flying aircraft carrier ? The Defense Department wants to know about it . The Defense Advanced Research Products Agency has a request out for ideas on how to develop an airborne platform that could both launch and recover other aircraft . But before you start looking for schematics of the Starship Enterprise  NCC-1701  or Battlestar Galactica , or how you might levitate the USS Nimitz , think a little smaller , like B-1 , B-52 or C-130 . DARPA wants ideas on how to turn those aircraft currently in the Pentagon inventory into platforms that could carry Unmanned Aerial Systems , what most folks call drones , close to their targets . The drones could then go about their business -- bombing , missile strikes , reconnaissance , etc. -- then fly back to the mother ship and head for home . This plan could add to the range of the drones and open up new missions they can not now undertake because of their limited range , DARPA says . As you consider your ideas , DARPA says you have to keep the cost low and they 'd like something they could demonstrate within four years . And do n't get long-winded . Your proposal should fit on eight , standard 8.5 - x 11-inch pages in 11-point type . And if you 're worried your big plans will fall into the hands of your competitors , do n't . DARPA promises all ideas will stay inside the Pentagon . The deadline is November 26 . Now get to work .	Pentagon wants aerial platform to carry drones Defense Advanced Research Products Agency is seeking proposals Pentagon wants to use existing aircraft to launch and recover drones
On February 1 , deadly riots at a football match in Port Said plunged Egypt into mourning and despair . The national league was canceled and the future of one of African soccer 's traditional powerhouses seemed bleak . However , a tiny bit of that gloom lifted just weeks later when Ahmed Hassan made history by making his 179th international appearance -- a new world record that gave a glimmer of hope in a time of turmoil . But , as he prepares to continue the Pharaohs ' rebuilding phase , Hassan says that Egypt -- a country where sport and politics are inextricably linked -- faces a long road to recovery before it can resolve its problems and move out of a "  dark tunnel . " "  The whole country is suffering from a lack of ethics , as well as a general lack of security , and this is causing problems in all facets of life , " the 36-year-old told the official website of world football 's governing body FIFA . "  There is no doubt that football will bounce back but the whole country has to make it out of this dark tunnel . Stability will only return when all members of the community , whether they be players , fans , referees , journalists or security staff , recognize their role , stick to it and respect the role of others . " American is coach , protester in Egypt Hassan 's landmark appearance came on February 27 in a friendly against Kenya in Qatar . The Egypt team has not been able to play at home since the riots , which killed 74 people after a game between top-tier clubs Al-Masry and Al-Ahly . More lives were lost as fighting spread across the country . Hassan , who has returned to the national squad for Thursday 's friendly against Nigeria in Dubai , was deeply moved by the tragedy . An outspoken figure against football hooliganism , Hassan took to the streets the following day in protest against the clashes . "  It 's depressing to see the sport that everybody loves become a source of such sadness but , ultimately , what happened was a result of fanaticism , " he said . "  I have to say that the media also played a large role by stirring up the fans ' aggression instead of attempting to calm things down . " Hassan captained Egypt to Africa Cup of Nations titles in 2006 , 2008 and 2010 -- his fourth overall . But the Pharaohs ' form has plummeted in recent years , failing to qualify for the 2012 edition of the tournament . Hassan said the Arab uprising last year , which saw Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak overthrown in a wave of protest , was a factor in the team 's fall in fortunes . "  We 're all part of this country and anything that goes on affects us , so naturally our concentration levels drop and we can not remain focused when such turmoil is happening at home . On top of that there 's the fact that we could n't play for a very long time with the league being suspended for almost four months , " he said . Hassan said Egypt had taken for granted its ability to qualify . "  After being on top for all those years , we simply underestimated our opponents , but we have learned our lesson well and we have learned it the hard way . " Hassan carved a successful football career in Europe for 10 years , before returning in 2008 to play for Al-Ahly and , now , that club 's fiercest rival Zamalek . Both teams , like Al-Masry , are supported by militant fan groups known as "  ultras . " "  It is a great thing if they stick to supporting their teams within the reasonable and ethical limits , but once it crosses the line and turns aggressive or becomes a vehicle for something completely beyond football then it becomes unacceptable and can lead to disasters , " Hassan said . "  All over the world , ultras support their clubs using organized cheering which can be very entertaining , and this is what we as players like to see in the stands , but if they cause violence in the stadiums then no , we can not tolerate that . "	Most-capped player in history , Ahmed Hassan , says Egypt is suffering from a lack of ethics Former Egypt captain blames "  over-confidence " for team 's failure to qualify for 2012 ACN He was deeply moved by the fatal football riots in Port Said on February 1 Hassan says the activities of "  ultras " can cause problems in the stadiums
CNN  -- They produced the "  Miracle of Medinah " but Europe 's golfers face an almighty challenge to amaze at Augusta . Not since Jose Maria Olazabal triumphed for the second time 14 years ago has anyone from across the Atlantic managed to get their hands on that green jacket . In fact , Europe 's record in the tournament has been abject in recent years with Lee Westwood the only man to have secured a runner-up finish since the turn of the century . When the late , great , Seve Ballesteros became the first European to win the tournament back in 1980 , it paved the way for the likes of Olazabal , three-time champion Nick Faldo , Sandy Lyle , Ian Woosnam and double winner Bernhard Langer to go on and dominate . Europe recorded eight wins between 1988 and 1999 and seven out of nine between Lyle 's success and Faldo 's third title in 1996 . But with no success since 1999 , the pressure is on Europe 's stars to stand up and finally end the drought . "  Does it surprise me ? Nothing surprises me in golf anymore , " former World No. 1 Luke Donald told reporters . "  I think since I 've been a professional , I feel like the fields have gotten a lot stronger , a lot deeper . You 're seeing anyone on a given week has a chance to win . "  This game is a very mental game and it 's almost those who are the least fragile players that have a chance . " England 's Ryder Cup hero Ian Poulter believes Europe 's top players simply have n't been good enough while the likes of Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson have won five titles between them . "  We just have n't performed very well . Simple , " Poulter told reporters . "  We have n't performed well enough and I think the guys are disappointed , to be honest . "  One of the guys would have expected to have come through by now . "  What 's the reason for that ? I do n't know . Tiger  Woods  has taken a few , Phil  Mickelson  has taken a few . They are pretty good those two . " Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy and England 's Justin Rose are ranked two and three in the world , while Donald sits fourth on the ladder . But they will have to be at the peak of their powers to end Europe 's bid for a famous green jacket with the likes of Woods and Mickelson the men to beat once again . One man who believes this is his best chance of winning at Augusta is Ryder Cup hero Ian Poulter . The 37-year-old was a stand out star during Europe 's incredible fightback , but he says recreating that kind of form in an individual event is incredibly difficult . "  You 've got two sets of fans  at the Ryder Cup  and here you 've got fans that are wishing 92 players play well , " he told reporters "  It 's very difficult to get that same atmosphere , recreate it . It just wo n't happen . But what will happen is on Sunday afternoon , when you 're coming down the stretch , you will be feeling the same kind of emotions . "  The crowds might not be quite as loud , but they will be respectful of good golf shots and obviously the birdies that happen here on a Sunday . "  So I think there will be some good vibes hopefully going through me with nine holes to play and hopefully I can pull upon those Ryder Cup moments to bring me through . " While Europe has struggled , its troubles pales into insignificance compared to those of Australia . Greg Norman 's meltdown in 1996 where he contrived to throw away a six-shot lead on the final day still hurts , while the ghosts of near misses in 1986 and 1987 still haunt Australian golf . Adam Scott remains its best hope having finished second two years ago and the 32-year-old is desperate to break the jinx . "  It 's going to happen one day . We say it but it 's up to one of us to make it happen , " Scott told reporters . "  I 've certainly developed a real level of comfort with the golf course in the last three years , so I say that  an Australian will win the Masters  quietly confident that I believe I can make it happen one of these years . " Scott has demons of his own to exorcise after losing out in dramatic fashion at last year 's British Open whee he ended his final round with four consecutive bogeys . But Scott is adamant he has learned from the experience and is ready to go for it at Augusta . He added : "  When I got in position to win again , that 's when it was gut-check time as a player , to not let it become a thing ... that you struggle to close out a golf tournament . "  I do n't dwell on it at all . I just take the positives . It was great for me to play so well for so long . You need a little bit of winner 's luck . "  Everyone who wins a tournament has it , but it 's not something you can make happen . I guess it just happens and when it 's meant to be , it 's meant to be . "  That stuff , you ca n't control , but I think the golfing gods sort all that kind of stuff out . "	Europe aiming to end 14-year drought at The Masters Jose Maria Olazabal of Spain was last European to win title Rory McIlroy and Luke Donald leading the charge Australia hoping for first ever winner at Augusta
CNN  -- The weeks have passed and , in most cases , their nerves have calmed . What began as shock , that they were almost victims of an in-flight terrorist attack , has morphed for many into contemplation . There are those who are still talking about what happened to them on Christmas Day , and there are others who are determined to put the incident behind them . The passengers of Northwest Flight 253 may have been one faulty explosive away from disaster . The suspect in that incident , Nigerian-born Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , 23 , pleaded not guilty in January to six federal terrorism charges . And he has been talking to authorities , thanks to help from his own family members . But what if the passengers could be part of that conversation ? What would they want to know or say to AbdulMutallab , the government , the world ? CNN reached out by phone and e-mail to find out . More than anything , if they could sit down with AbdulMutallab they would simply ask : Why ? How did a young man who grew up with privilege , education and exposure to the greater world end up accused of attempting a terrorist attack ? "  For me , these are the burning questions , " said Roey Rosenblith , 27 , who co-founded Village Energy , a company in Uganda that hopes to help bring solar electricity to the 80 percent of Africans who have no electrical power . "  I 've never had someone try to murder me , much less someone I did n't even know . So I 'm very interested in finding out more about -LSB- his -RSB- motives so that we might possibly figure out how to avert others from traveling down the same path . " Could the fact that AbdulMutallab is talking to officials signal he has regret , Rosenblith wonders . If not , if he is a "  lost cause , " Rosenblith said he would n't care to waste breath speaking to him . "  I do n't spend a lot of time seeking out conversations with Holocaust deniers , Islamic fundamentalists or religious fanatics of any stripe , " he said . "  I guess I 've decided that people that are beyond the pale of reason are simply that and nothing I say will convince them otherwise . " Melinda Dennis , 31 , was sitting about an arm 's length from AbdulMutallab when he was taken up to first class after the incident . She stared at him , and his blank expression . Now she says she 'd rather speak to others considering the path he is accused of taking . "  No matter what nationality we are or religion we choose , we are still people . I am a human being , a person that faces each day trying to make myself better and enrich the lives of people who know me , " said Dennis , who 's lived the past year-and-a-half in Rotterdam , Netherlands , where she works as a manufacturing project manager . "  Whether I live or die should not be decided on the whim of a person that wishes to brand all Americans as evil people . I am not defined by my nationality , but I believe in the goodness that resides in the people of every country . " Not everyone would let AbdulMutallab get away without hearing from them . If she could speak to him , Lori Haskell , a 32-year-old attorney in Michigan , would give him an earful . "  You attempted to kill my husband and I , as well as 300 other individuals , and you do n't care at all , " are some of the words she said she 'd share . "  You have taken away my carefree attitude about flying and have made me terrified to fly anyplace ever again . I do n't say this word much , because I do n't like it , but I completely and totally hate you and what you did to my family . I never believed in the death penalty until I saw you try to blow me up . " Her anger is directed , too , at government authorities who she and others feel let them down . In the weeks that have followed the Christmas Day incident , further information has come to light about what officials knew or should have known before AbdulMutallab set foot on the airplane . AbdulMutallab 's father had met with U.S. Embassy officials and with the CIA to discuss concerns about his son . U.S. intelligence reportedly knew about "  The Nigerian " who had ties to Yemen , and they even had a partial name of "  Umar Farouk . " Customs and Border Protection officers say he was on a list of people who should be questioned when entering the U.S. . They planned to talk to him once the aircraft landed in Detroit . But before they could do that , authorities say AbdulMutallab attempted to ignite an explosive device hidden in his underwear . "  I would ask -LSB- officials -RSB- to not get complacent ... just because we did n't die , " Dennis said . "  We were lucky , pure and simple . " Added Mirco Lammerts , of the Netherlands , a 46-year-old father who was traveling with his wife and two teens : "  Why were we forced to stay on the plane while they knew there might be a risk of another bomb on board ? Why were we being held like cattle for almost seven hours without any information at all ? " His concern may be fueled by the helplessness he felt after his 13-year-old daughter , seated directly behind AbdulMutallab , leapt into his lap and grew hysterical . No one knew , when the flight landed , that there were no other explosives on board , and for this reason , Patricia "  Scotti " Keepman echoed similar concerns : "  Why did you allow the passengers to remain on the plane until you removed AbdulMutallab ? Why were we not your first priority ? " Keepman , 51 , her husband and grown daughter were making their way home to Oconomowoc , Wisconsin , with two new family additions in tow -- a boy and girl they 'd just adopted from Ethiopia . After the incident on the plane , as it descended into Detroit , the family found comfort in their religious beliefs , joining hands and singing "  Jesus Loves Me . " In the aftermath , they still draw on their faith . "  Do not let people in this world filled with hatred stop you from experiencing everything this world has to offer . God is in control in the end , so you need not fear what ` might ' happen , but rest in knowing that you are in his hands , " she said , as a warning to others whose lives may be touched by terrorists . Some people like Beau Taylor , who at 35 has dedicated his professional life to economic and rural development in places that have included Iraq , do n't even want to think about this incident anymore . "  I have put the experience behind me , " said Taylor , who has witnessed up close the destruction of bombs , "  and do not wish to revisit it at this point . " But at least one passenger , who said he remains "  tormented " by the experience and "  disappointed " in the government , wants not only to keep revisiting it but to get the passengers recognition for surviving it . Alain Ghonda , a 38-year-old real estate developer who lives in Silver Spring , Maryland , would like passengers to sign a petition so that they may all be honored by President Obama , the state of Michigan , Northwest Airlines and its parent company Delta Air Lines . He is convinced that it is because of the passengers -- "  We were all heroes , " he said recently -- that Flight 253 did n't become the next 9/11 . "  Would we have been dead , " he said , "  our spouses and children would have been guests at the White House and Congress , receiving medals and American flags . " This kind of thinking bothers Lammerts , who fired off a response to Ghonda 's request , saying , "  It does not matter who did or did not do anything . Fact of the matter is that we would not have been able to do anything at all if the igniter would have functioned properly . ... We are victims of a failed terrorist attack . " Lammerts said he and his family "  are getting on with our lives and are just extra grateful for being alive , " and he told Ghonda , "  I recommend you try and do the same . Live your life to the fullest . " That 's a message that Rosenblith , who is back in Kampala , Uganda , carries with him , too . "  Though this might sound strange , for me personally almost getting killed 30,000 feet above the earth by an al Qaeda terrorist has been one of the best things that 's ever happened to me , " he said . "  Now being alive , seeing the blue sky , hearing the rain fall , eating a delicious meal , drinking a beer with a friend -- everyday stuff just feels like an amazing gift . ... I feel as though I 've somehow cheated death and against all odds been given this gift of continuing my life . " And he recognizes this gift every single day . "  I actually have my boarding pass framed now , and it 's sitting on my desk , right next to a little prayer book I keep with its page turned to Psalm 23 , " he said . "  I keep it there simply to remind myself that whatever happens to me , things could always be far worse . "	Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab allegedly tried to detonate bomb on Northwest Flight 253 As accused would-be bomber speaks to authorities , passengers share their thoughts Frustration with government and fear remains for some , while others move on Having "  cheated death , " one passenger is grateful for "  this gift of continuing my life "
NEWTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- For Laura Geraghty , April 1 , 2009 , started out just as any other day . It was sunny but cool , she remembers . Laura Geraghty was shocked 21 times before she came back from cardiac arrest with tales of the afterlife . The mother of two , also a grandmother , was at her job , driving a school bus for the Newton Public School District in suburban Boston , Massachusetts . Her passengers , special-needs children , were wheelchair-bound . Seemingly in good health and in good spirits , Geraghty was finishing up her late-morning run , transporting a student and teacher back to Newton South High School , when she realized she was in trouble . As she was pulling into the school parking lot , she began having sharp stomach pains . She was able to park her bus , but she kept feeling worse . The pain "  went right up my arm and into my chest , and I said , ` Uh-oh , I 'm having a heart attack , ' " she said . The teacher ran from the bus to get help . Newton South 's nurse , Gail Kramer , and CPR instructor Michelle Coppola arrived moments later with the school 's new automated external defibrillator . Geraghty , barely conscious , was fading fast . She was weak and having trouble breathing . And then she went into full cardiac arrest . "  Her eyes were wide , and all of a sudden she stopped talking to us , " Coppola said . "  I grabbed the two pads , stuck them on her , started it up , and I 'd say within 20 seconds , she had her first shock . " Coppola and Kramer performed CPR while they waited for paramedics . See an expert give a quick lesson in CPR " At that point , Geraghty says , her body died . She remembers watching the scene unfold -- as if from above . "  I floated right out of my body . My body was here , and I just floated away . I looked back at it once , and it was there . " Geraghty says she saw deceased loved ones , her mother and her ex-husband . "  It was very peaceful and light and beautiful . And I remember like , when you see someone you have n't seen in a while , you want to hug them , and I remember trying to reach out to my ex-husband , and he would not take my hand . And then they floated away . " Next , she says , she was overwhelmed by "  massive energy , powerful , very powerful energy . " "  When that was happening , there were pictures of my son and my daughter and my granddaughter , and every second , their pictures flashed in my mind , and then I came back . " What Geraghty had was a near-death experience , fairly common in people who go into sudden cardiac arrest . Geraghty was down for 57 minutes . No blood pressure , no pulse , no oxygen , no blood flow . She was shocked 21 times before she finally came back with tales of the afterlife . According to the Near Death Experience Research Foundation , nearly 800 near-death experiences happen every day in the United States . Dr. Kevin Nelson , a neurologist in Lexington , Kentucky , studies near-death experiences and says they 're not imagined . The explanation , he says , lies in the brain itself . "  These are real experiences . And they 're experiences that happen at a time of medical crisis and danger , " Nelson said . Humans have a lot of reflexes that help keep us alive , part of the "  fight or flight " response that arises when we 're confronted with danger . Nelson thinks that near-death experiences are part of the dream mechanism and that the person having the experience is in a REM , or "  rapid eye movement , " state . "  Part of our ` fight or flight ' reflexes to keep us alive includes the switch into the REM state of consciousness , " he said . During REM sleep , there is increased brain activity and visual stimulation . Intense dreaming occurs as a result . And the bright light so many people claim to see ? "  The activation of the visual system caused by REM is causing the bright lights , " Nelson said . And the tunnel people speak of , he says , is lack of blood flow to the eye . "  The eye , the retina of the eye , is one of the most exquisitely sensitive tissues to a loss of blood flow . So when blood flow does not reach the eye , vision fails , and darkness ensues from the periphery to the center . And that is very likely causing the tunnel effect . " Nelson is doing studies now to prove that the same effect results from fainting . "  The most common cause of near-death experience in my research group is fainting . Upwards of 100 million Americans have fainted . That means probably tens of millions of Americans have had these unusual experiences . " But Geraghty says this was no dream . "  I know I went someplace else . I know I went someplace else other than here . " Dr. Bill O'Callahan , the emergency room doctor who shocked her back to life , agrees . "  Cynics out there would say and agnostics would say that 's phenomenon that comes from a dying brain . I think that 's hogwash . I firmly believe that people experience these events . " Cheating Death : Back from the dead Bob Schriever , co-founder of the Sudden Cardiac Arrest Association , was refereeing a high school football game seven years ago when he went into cardiac arrest , died and was revived . He , too , questions the dream explanation . "  Why are so many people dreaming the same thing ? How can so many people , and there 's hundreds of thousands of people who have experienced this , how can we all be dreaming the same thing and describe the exact same thing ? " Schriever says these experiences are so profound that only someone who has gone through them can truly understand . Seven years later , he is still consumed with his own near-death experience . "  I think about that every morning when I wake up , first thing , during the day , I do n't know how many times and every night before I fall asleep . I think about that . People do not understand or appreciate what we go through . " Scientist uses poison gas to suspend life For Geraghty , it 's a daily struggle to put the pieces back together again . "  I 've been someplace that not everybody can go , and there 's not a lot of people you can sit down and have that conversation with , " Geraghty said . "  My own daughter tells me , ` It 's freaky , Mom . ' I 've literally lost friends over this the minute they hear it . " Tweet your own experience and you could win a copy of "  Cheating Death " Geraghty says she became depressed once she left the hospital because her perspective on her entire life changed . She still gets depressed , she says , and is on medication . "  I actually went to my doctor and said to her , ' I think I 'm losing my mind . This ca n't be really happening , ' you know , and she said it 's OK , it 's very hard to understand when you 've been through an experience like that . " Geraghty has joined the cardiac arrest group , hoping that connecting with others who understand what she 's been through will allow her to come to terms with what happened to her that cool spring day six months ago . And allow her to heal and move on .	Woman whose heart stopped describes "  floating , " seeing dead loved ones "  It was very peaceful and light and beautiful , " Laura Geraghty says Doctor links "  fight or flight reflex , " intense dream state to near-death experiences Those who have experienced it say it has changed their lives
CNN  -- A pilot died Thursday after his plane crashed in eastern Australia during efforts to fight vast bush fires that have threatened the suburbs of Sydney in recent days . The water-bombing plane went down in a remote area more than 100 kilometers  60 miles  south of Sydney , said authorities in New South Wales , the Australian state where fires have ravaged tens of thousands of hectares of land and destroyed more than 200 homes . Rescue crews found the body of the 43-year-old pilot after reaching the crash site in rugged terrain . He was the only person on board the plane and his family has been notified , police said . "  We 're acutely aware there 's a family suffering today because their dad has n't come home , " said Shane Fitzsimmons , the commissioner of New South Wales Rural Fire Service . He said the crash started a new fire in the area that other firefighting aircraft are now tackling . Many fires still not contained More than 60 blazes continued to rage in the region , over 20 of them out of control , fire service spokeswoman Natalie Sanders said Thursday . The fire service has issued emergency warnings for two of the fires in the hard hit Blue Mountains region west of Sydney , telling residents to leave the area of find shelter , she said . But the overall threat has decreased from Wednesday , when more than 1,500 firefighters battled for hours against blazes propelled by powerful gusts of wind . The weather is cooler Thursday , Sanders said , and winds are gusting up to 75 kilometers per hour  about 45 mph  -- still strong , but less severe than the 85-100 kph gusts on Wednesday . "  The broader risk to a more larger population has certainly eased , " Fitzsimmons said Wednesday . He warned , though , that there were "  many hours of firefighting still to come , many hours of concern for those who are living in the fire affected areas . " Defense exercise blamed The threat was indicated by the scale of one of the two most alarming bush fires in the Blue Mountains . Known as the State Mine fire , the blaze has engulfed more than 125,000 hectares  300,000 acres  of land and has a perimeter of more than 300 kilometers , Sanders said . And the cause of that fire has stirred anger among local residents . The fire service said Wednesday that the blaze was the result of live ordnance exercises on an army range in the State Mine area . The flames have destroyed 10 buildings and homes in the area since October 16 . The Australian Department of Defense issued a statement acknowledging defense personnel were conducting an explosive training activity in the same area on the day the fire started . The department is conducting its own investigation into the military exercise . The scores of fires have damaged huge areas in the past week , but human casualties have been limited . Before the pilot 's death on Thursday , the only fatality was a 63-year-old man who died of a suspected heart attack on October 18 while defending his home against a blaze on the New South Wales Central Coast . Officials have underlined the severity and the unusual timing of the fires , which have struck during a very dry spring in the Southern hemisphere . "  Never before have we seen the extent of damage and destruction and wide-scale fire activity at this time of the year , " Fitzsimmons said Wednesday . CNN 's Aliza Kassim , Kevin Voigt , Laura Smith-Spark , Marcy Heinz , Robyn Curnow and Larry Register contributed to this report .	The water-bombing plane crashed south of Sydney , authorities said "  There 's a family suffering today because their dad has n't come home , " a fire official says More than 60 wildfires still rage in New South Wales ; over 20 are not contained But the overall threat is lower than Wednesday when conditions were most severe
CNN  -- A wildfire in a northeast Minnesota woodland grew by nearly tenfold Tuesday , giving off a pall of smoke that stretched from the Canadian border to southern Wisconsin . Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton called in National Guard helicopters to assist firefighters as the Pagami Creek fire , located in the remote Superior National Forest . It spread from about 11,000 acres on Monday to more than 100,000 by Tuesday afternoon , said Doug Anderson , a spokesman for the firefighting effort . The blaze started in mid-August after a lightning strike , but jumped about 16 miles eastward on Monday -- "  unprecedented for northern Minnesota , " said Lisa Radosevich-Craig , another spokeswoman for the fire command . No injuries were reported and no buildings had been destroyed , but 36 homes in the nearby community of Isabella were evacuated as a precaution , she said . About 25 National Guard troops and four Black Hawk helicopters activated by Tuesday evening , the state Guard reported . Air National Guard members were also activated to assist the effort . The fire was centered about 80 miles north of Duluth and about 240 miles north of Minneapolis -- but the smoke stretched across the upper Great Lakes for hundreds of miles . Tyler Barnes , a spokesman for baseball 's Milwaukee Brewers , said that haze contributed to the team 's decision to close the retractable roof at its stadium for Tuesday night 's game against the Colorado Rockies . "  The forecast tonight was for lower temperatures that would have put us right around the line for closing the roof for fan comfort , " Barnes told CNN . "  The haze and smoke made the decision that much easier . " Milwaukee is about 500 miles from the blaze . Radosevich-Craig said the fire was spread by near-drought conditions in the region that had already prompted the Forest Service to close some parts of the reserve and restrict campfires in others . The last major fire in the area , about five years ago , scorched about 35,000 acres , she said . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	NEW : Minnesota 's Pagami Creek fire grows to more than 100,000 acres NEW : A smoky haze stretches as far south as Milwaukee Minnesota 's governor has sent National Guard helicopters to assist firefighters The fire 's spread is "  unprecedented " for the area , a spokeswoman says
CNN  -- A Marine based in North Carolina died during a gun battle with police in Texas after authorities said he killed one person and wounded five others in a shooting spree . The Texas Department of Public Safety said the suspect , Esteban J. Smith , 23 , was stationed at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina . He was killed early Sunday when he exchanged gunfire with a state trooper and a game warden , police said . Smith 's death ended a shooting spree that had covered more than 80 miles and lasted more than two hours . Authorities say Smith killed Alicia Torres , 41 , in the town of Eola in Concho County . She was found dead in her car about 6 a.m. . He also shot one person in Eden at 4:30 a.m. , two people in Brady , then went back to Eden where he wounded one other victim . Smith shot a sheriff 's deputy who came upon the suspect on the highway just north of Eden , police said . State troopers and the game warden arrived on scene a short time later . Two victims , including the deputy , Richard Doane , remain hospitalized with non-life-threatening injuries . Three other people were treated at a hospital and released . Authorities found an assault rifle , a handgun and hundreds of rounds of ammunition in Smith 's pickup .	Marine Esteban Smith was based in a Camp Lejeune in North Carolina He was killed Sunday after police say he shot six people in three towns Police found two weapons , hundreds of rounds of ammunition in his truck
CNN  -- Liverpool 's Spain striker Fernando Torres may miss the struggling English Premier League club 's derby clash with city rivals Everton later this month after suffering another injury setback . Torres was forced off the pitch inside the first 10 minutes of Sunday 's defeat by Blackpool with a groin injury , and the 26-year-old could now face two weeks on the sidelines . He has already been ruled out of Spain 's Euro 2012 qualifiers at home to Lithuania on Friday and away to Scotland on Tuesday . "  Fernando was assessed at Melwood and underwent a scan this afternoon , " Liverpool 's head of sports medicine and sports science , Dr Peter Brukner , told the club 's official website on Monday . "  He will have intensive treatment over the next couple of weeks , but it is too early to say if he will be fit for the game against Everton . " The former Atletico Madrid star has endured a frustrating year , battling for both form and fitness . Despite picking up a World Cup winners ' medal with Spain in July , Torres ' summer ended in disappointing fashion , as he exited the final against Netherlands early through injury after failing to score during the tournament . He has also struggled to find the net at the start of the 2010-11 Premier League season , scoring just one goal in six matches . Liverpool manager Roy Hodgson will be eager to include the forward in his team for the Merseyside derby on October 17 , with his side in desperate need of a result . After their latest defeat , the five-time European champions have picked up only one win from seven league matches , dropping into the relegation zone below Everton on goal difference . Meanwhile , Brazil defender Alex will miss the international friendlies against Iran on Thursday and Ukraine on Monday after injuring his thigh in Chelsea 's win over Arsenal on Sunday . He suffered the problem late in the match , having scored the second goal in the Premier League leaders ' 2-0 triumph , and is now expected to be out for three weeks , the club 's website reported . Alex may then also miss Chelsea 's trip to Aston Villa and the Champions League clash with Russian side Spartak Moscow .	Liverpool 's Fernando Torres could be out for two weeks with a groin problem The striker picked up the injury during Liverpool 's 2-1 defeat to Blackpool on Sunday He has been ruled out of Spain 's Euro 2012 qualifiers against Lithuania and Scotland Brazil defender Alex will miss the international friendlies against Iran and Ukraine
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court offered unanimous support for police Wednesday by allowing drug evidence gathered after an arrest that violated state law to be used at trial , an important search-and-seizure case turning on the constitutional limits of "  probable cause . " The Supreme Court unanimously gave police broader powers to search for and seize evidence . "  When officers have probable cause to believe that a person has committed a crime in their presence , the Fourth Amendment permits them to make an arrest , and to search the suspect in order to safeguard evidence and ensure their own safety , " Justice Antonin Scalia wrote . David Lee Moore was stopped by Portsmouth , Virginia , officers five years ago for driving his vehicle on a suspended license . Under state law in such incidents , only a summons is to be issued and the motorist is to be allowed to go . Instead , detectives detained Moore for almost an hour , arrested him , then searched him and found cocaine . At trial , Moore 's lawyers tried to suppress the evidence , but the state judge allowed it , even though the court noted the arrest violated state law . A police detective , asked why the man was arrested , replied , "  Just our prerogative . " While some of the justices expressed concern about that level of discretion at oral arguments in January , their 9-0 ruling raised few such doubts . "  The arrest rules that the officers violated were those of state law alone , " Scalia said . "  It is not the province of the Fourth Amendment to enforce state law . " The state had argued an arrest is constitutionally reasonable if officers have probable cause to believe a suspect has committed a crime . "  This standard represents the best compromise between the needs of the citizens and the duty of the government to combat crime , " Stephen McCullough , Virginia 's deputy solicitor general , had told the high court . But Moore 's attorney , Thomas Goldstein , called an "  extreme proposition " the idea that it would be reasonable "  to go out and arrest someone for a non-arrestable offense and not only do that , but having committed that trespass at common law , to further search them . " There has been widespread judicial confusion over how such police searches should be handled . Some lower courts had ruled that when state arrest law is violated , the Constitution provides a remedy in the suppression of any evidence resulting from the arrest and a related search . But the justices agreed with the majority of courts that said constitutional requirements are satisfied when an officer has probable cause to make an arrest , even if some provision of state law was violated in the process . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote a concurring opinion suggesting Virginia change its law to make driving on a suspended license an arrestable offense . During arguments , Ginsburg spoke for several colleagues when she pointed out that if a summons had been issued in Moore 's case , any incriminating evidence would have been excluded . "  Would you explain the logic to saying that when the police violate state law , then the evidence can come in , but when they comply with state law , it ca n't , " she asked . The ruling means Moore 's original jury conviction and 3 - 1/2 year prison term will stand . E-mail to a friend	Case involves Virginia man stopped for driving with suspended license Instead of issuing ticket , police detained him and searched his car Arrest violated state 's law , but trial judge allowed evidence of drugs Justices ruled that officers had probable cause for search
MOGADISHU , Somalia  CNN  -- Ethiopian troops have not yet begun to withdraw from key positions in the capital of Somalia two days after they were supposed to do so under a peace agreement designed to end years of conflict . Ethiopian troops are yet to leave the Somlai capital despite a peace agreement . The Ethiopians had agreed to withdraw from some bases by Friday under an agreement signed last month by the Somali transitional government and a rebel faction known as the Alliance for the Re-Liberation of Somalia . Ethiopia invaded Somalia two years ago to expel Islamic forces who had conquered Mogadishu . Under the deal signed October 26 , a cease-fire between the transitional government and the ARS went into effect November 5 . The Ethiopians were to withdraw from from key positions in the capital on November 21 , and leave the country entirely early in 2009 . Somali Prime Minister Nur Hassan Hussein has said that Ethiopian troops will withdraw as agreed . Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , a moderate leader of the rebel ARS , told the local radio station Shabelle Saturday that the Ethiopian troops would pull out on schedule . Insurgents clashed with Somali government forces and their Ethiopian allies Friday , witnesses said , leaving at least 11 fighters dead . The fighting started when armed insurgent fighters attacked the house of a local commissioner in Mogadishu 's Wadajir district , sparking heavy fighting between the government troops guarding the house and the insurgents . "  I saw 11 men wearing red turbans on the heads dead on the ground , " local resident Mohamed Haji Ali told CNN by phone from a house near where the clashes took place . Other residents provided a similar death toll . The commissioner whose house was attacked , Ahmed Da 'd , said that his soldiers killed 17 insurgents . He displayed what he said were some of the dead insurgents for the media . It is not clear what will happen if the Ethiopian troops remain in Mogadishu despite the October 26 peace deal . Under that agreement , government and opposition members will form a 10,000-member joint police force to keep order , along with the African Union peacekeeping mission now in place and a U.N. force to be deployed later . Both sides will work toward establishing a unity government in Somalia , which has been riven by 17 years of strife since the collapse of its last fully functional government . Ethiopia invaded Somalia in December 2006 to install the transitional government in Mogadishu after a decade and a half of near-anarchy . The invasion had the blessing of the United States , which accused the Islamic Courts Union -- which captured Mogadishu earlier that year -- of harboring fugitives from al Qaeda . The Islamists responded with a guerrilla campaign against government and Ethiopian troops . Efforts to replace the Ethiopians with an African Union-led peacekeeping mission faltered as the violence worsened , and heavy fighting in Mogadishu and other cities drove hundreds of thousands from their homes . The lawlessness also spilled on to the seas off the Horn of Africa , where international vessels are routinely hijacked by suspected Somali pirates who demand large ransoms . Journalist Abdinasir Mohamed Guled and CNN 's Mohammed Amiin and Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Ethiopian troops yet begin to withdraw from key positions in Somali capital Ethiopians had agreed to withdraw from some bases by Friday They were supposed to do so under a peace agreement designed to end conflict
CNN  Michael Graves , an American architect and designer , died Thursday at his home in Princeton , New Jersey , of natural causes , according to his firm . The award-winning architect died "  suddenly and peacefully " from natural causes , according to a statement from Michael Graves Architecture and Design . He was 80 . Graves was one of the most revered contemporary architects , known for his postmodern designs , and won hundreds of prizes in his field . He started his practice in 1964 , which designed over 400 buildings worldwide . Architecture critics hailed him as one of the original American voices in architecture as he has designed hundreds of buildings for corporations , governments , foundations and universities . Among his noted works are The Portland Building in Oregon , The Humana Building in Louisville , Kentucky , the NCAA Hall of Champions in Indiana , and the Team Disney building in Burbank , California . He has been praised for making buildings functional as well as aesthetically pleasing . For many Americans , Graves might be best known as the designer of household items . One of his best known designs was the Alessi stainless steel teakettle with a red bird at the tip that sang when water had boiled . Graves helped propel Target and its collaborations with designers to massive popularity . His line for Target included practical items from tea kettles and drying racks to whimsical kitchen equipment like an avocado scooper and large bamboo salad tongs . His Target line came with a simple , idealistic premise : "  Good design should be affordable to all . " His designs were also sold at JCPenney and Black & Decker . He was awarded the National Medal of the Arts , as well as the Driehaus Prize for Classical Architecture . Born in Indianapolis , Graves received his training at the University of Cincinnati and Harvard . In 1962 , he began teaching at Princeton University . In 2003 , Graves became paralyzed from the chest down after suffering what started out as a sinus infection . Graves recalled being severely ill and examining the ugly sheets and bad design in hospitals . He decided : "  It 's far too ugly for me to die here . " The illness phased in a new chapter in his life . Struggling in hospital rooms made him determined to improve health care facilities and designs , including more user-friendly hospital furniture for patients . "  I would n't have been a health care nut if it had n't been for my paralysis , so something good came from this , " he told CNN in 2011 . Michael Graves : Why hospital rooms do n't work Throughout his illness , Graves continued to sketch . "  Whether I was paralyzed or not , I would draw , because drawing for me is like playing the piano , " he told CNN . "  You 've got to keep practicing , got to keep doing it . It 's not that you lose it , but you do n't draw as well if you do n't draw every day . "	American architect Michael Graves dies in Princeton at age 80 Graves designed buildings as well as household items like tea kettles for Target , JCPenney
CNN  -- When Neil Armstrong took one small step onto the moon in 1969 , it seemed only a matter of time before the advent of thriving space colonies and summer vacations on distant planets . But after an initial flurry of moon landings , manned lunar expeditions dwindled : the last time an astronaut left his footprints on the moon was in 1972 . Plants such as lettuce , peppers and tomatoes will be on the menu at Moon Base One . Then , in January 2004 , President Bush announced NASA 's intention to return humans to the moon by 2020 , and in 2006 , NASA announced plans to set up a manned lunar outpost by 2024 , with the European and Russian Space Agencies now planning bases of their own . After years in limbo , the dream of living in space is alive once more . Sustaining long-term space habitation presents space agencies with a whole new set of technological and logistical challenges . Currently , the International Space Station supports three astronauts in a low Earth orbit , with food supplied periodically by space shuttle . But , just as home cooking is cheaper than getting takeout , when it comes to more permanent settlements , this kind of supply voyages would be prohibitively expensive : we will need to grow our own food in space . Raymond Wheeler , a plant physiologist at Kennedy Space Center , explained to CNN , "  In the near term it 's not needed , for example on the space station and initial short sorties to the moon , but as you go further and stay longer , regenerative systems become much more cost effective . " Wheeler sees this development of space farming as a gradual process in which space outposts become increasingly self-sufficient . "  It would probably be evolutionary , " he said . "  The first human missions to Mars might set out with everything stowed , but they might set up the beginnings of an in-situ production system -- maybe a plant chamber -- that you could use to grow perishable foods . You would n't be providing everything , but in subsequent missions if you returned there you could expand the infrastructure . " Of course , this means growing plants in conditions very different from those on Earth . Yet research has shown that plants are surprisingly adaptable . For example , while plants normally use gravity to direct the growth of their stems and roots , in low gravity conditions they can use light to orient themselves . And research suggests that plants can grow well even at very low atmospheric pressures . That reduces the leakage of oxygen and carbon dioxide from their growth chamber out into space , but crucially , it also reduces the structural requirements of a "  space greenhouse , " meaning less construction material needs to be shipped into orbit . Nor is the absence of soil a problem . Many supermarket vegetables are already grown hydroponically in nutrient-enriched water , and research indicates this technique could work well in space . Some have even suggested the loose rock regolith on the surface of the moon or Mars as a growing medium , although additional minerals would need to be brought from Earth . So what 's on the menu at Moon Base One ? Well , initial crops would need to be small in stature and grow well in controlled environments with artificial light . Plants such as peppers and tomatoes are already extensively grown hydroponically , while lettuce , with its short lifecycle , would yield fast returns for pioneering space colonists . But again , Wheeler sees the choice of crops as part of an evolutionary process . He tells CNN , "  The first things you might grow would be perishable foods -- maybe vegetables or fruits -- things that do n't keep very well if you 're on a journey to Mars . Even though you 're not providing a lot of calories , these things could have a strong impact in terms of adding color , flavor and texture to the diet . " "  The other reason for considering freshly consumed foods on early missions is that they do n't require any processing , " he continued . "  If you were to grow grains , like wheat , you 'd have to thresh the seed out of the head , then clean it and mill it to make flour . Staple crops like wheat , soy bean , rice and potato -- things that would provide carbohydrates , protein and fat -- they 're the final end point . " Crops need a sheltered environment , protected from the extreme temperatures and frightening levels of radiation found on the moon 's surface , with water , carbon dioxide and light . Researchers at the University of Arizona 's Controlled Environment Agriculture Center  CEAC  , in collaboration with Sadler Machine Company  SMC  , have come up with one solution : to house plants and astronauts in an inflatable habitat . They are working on a full-scale prototype Mars Inflatable Greenhouse . Space-worthy inflatable structures have been around since the 1960s and are lightweight , compact in transit and easy to assemble on landing . But what 's novel about the CEAC design is that it incorporates a bio-regenerative life-support system -- the kind of technology that could one day not only feed an outpost on the moon or Mars , but also provide it with oxygen and recycle its water . Gene Giacomelli , Director of CEAC , told CNN , "  If people get to Mars we want to be able to feed them , but maybe even more importantly revitalize the atmosphere -- allow the plants to consume the carbon dioxide as they do so well here on Earth , and provide oxygen . " In the prototype designed by Phil Sadler  SMC  and evaluated by Giacomelli and graduate student Lane Patterson , plants are grown hydroponically . As water evaporates from their leaves , air moisture is condensed and re-used for irrigation . The inedible bits of plants , the stems and leaves , are fed into a composter that breaks down the biomass , releasing carbon dioxide that can be re-used by growing plants . In a working moon base , waste water from the astronauts ' showers and laundry could also go into the composter , where it would be cleaned by microbes and then used in the plants ' hydroponic system , before being condensed and re-used by the astronauts once again . The CEAC team intends to test the finished prototype in Antarctica , a harsh and remote environment that provides a realistic analog of conditions on the moon . The team has already provided a food growth chamber for the Amundsen-Scott South-Pole Station and the time Sadler and Patterson have spent there has provided a unique insight into some of the other benefits that bio-regenerative life support might provide for inhabitants of a space base . "  It 's not just oxygen , fresh water and food that it provides , but it 's also the green , living plants that psychologically become so important to people living and working in a confined , harsh , black and white space at the South Pole or in a moon or Mars base , " says Giacomelli . Patterson adds , "  Bright lights , high humidity , green plants and the fragrance as well -- these are things that are missing in that environment . Those things should n't be underestimated . " The CEAC project offers a tantalizing glimpse of the kind of habitat that may house settlers in the space colonies of the future . And perhaps one day , as you relax in your inflatable villa by the Sea of Tranquility , plants will provide much more than just your dinner . ... . Do you think farming on the moon will be a reality by 2024 ? Should man be developing stations on the moon ? Send us your thoughts by using the "  Sound Off " below .	NASA plans lunar outpost by 2024 Long-term space habitation will require space farming CEAC and SMC working on prototype Mars Inflatable Greenhouse Greenhouse could provide food , oxygen and recycle water
Parenting.com  -- Like many toddlers , little Kate Davis attends a mommy-and-me story time and playgroup in her hometown of Elgin , Illinois . Although it sounds lovely , it 's a source of anguish  some call it working-mommy guilt  for her mother , because Kate attends with her nanny , Sarah , and not with her mother . "  I 'm happy Kate gets to go , but I feel guilty that I 'm not the one taking her , " says Jenny Davis , who hired Sarah a year ago to take care of Kate while both she and her husband work . Parenting.com : Moms ' dirty little secrets "  I feel jealous that they do fun things together while I 'm the one who forces Kate to eat the vegetables she hates . I make dinner , give her a bath , brush her teeth , and then she 's off to bed . There 's no time to goof off . " While this is n't uncommon , there are easy solutions , says parenting expert Michelle LaRowe , author of "  Nanny to The Rescue ! " and "  A Mom 's Ultimate Book of Lists . " For example , there 's no reason why mom should n't get in on the fun . "  When parents come home , I recommend they change into play clothes , put down their phones and transition into family time . As soon as they walk in the door , they should get down on child 's level to help her warm up to you , " says LaRowe . Parenting.com : How to handle annoying advice What happens if you feel like the nanny may even be a better mom than you are ? "  Kate has tantrums if you give her water instead of orange juice , " Davis says . "  But Sarah will just ask her to get her cup and drink the water , and she 'll accept it . " The nanny also seems better able to control stressful situations , like when Kate throws food from her high chair to alert everyone she 's done . "  Maybe it 's because Sarah is right on top of her , and I 'm trying to load the dishwasher and get household chores done at the same time , " Davis says . Parenting.com : 20 of the greatest mom tips , ever LaRowe says nannies may actually have an easier time disciplining because they 're not the mom . "  While nannies genuinely love the children in their care , they are n't ruled by emotions when setting boundaries . It may be more convenient to give in , but due to experience , they 're aware of the consequences , " says LaRowe , adding that busy moms might try to reduce multitasking . "  The simplest of child-care tasks , like bathing , diaper changing or feeding , can provide wonderful bonding opportunities . " Sarah is , of course , also a pro . "  The reality is that many nannies do have more parenting skills than parents , " says LaRowe . "  For a mom to realize that someone else can meet her child 's needs faster is hard . Parenting.com : How becoming a mom changes you And what if your kid just seems to love the nanny more than she loves you ? Unlikely , says LaRowe . Kids may cry when the nanny leaves or even call her mama , but mothers should n't see this behavior as a potential "  The Hand That Rocks The Cradle " moment where a sitter is trying to steal your family . "  Developmentally , once a baby says dada and mama , they say it about everything and everyone . They 're just babbling , " explains LaRowe . Think of it this way : For many multitasking modern moms like Davis , a nanny can be a life raft . After all , the hit show about child-care providers is called "  Nanny 911 " , not It 's Nice To Have A Nanny . The key is to trust your caregiver -- and give yourself a break . In many ways , you 're bettering the life of your child by giving her a greater circle of loving caregivers . Says LaRowe , "  Early interactions with a loving , nurturing and consistent caregiver can teach a child about forming non-familial relationships that foster healthy self-esteem . A baby can never receive too much love . And since many nannies take on other household tasks , you may be able to check the children 's laundry , meal preparation and grocery shopping off your list . " That might give you more time to make up for any daytime cuddles you 're missing . Says LaRowe , "  Do n't worry , a child always knows who her mom is . " Parenting.com : 6 new-mom confidence boosters Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2010 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Woman is jealous because nanny spends more time with daughter Mom forces daughter to eat vegetables and get ready for bed Expert advises parents to play with kids after arriving home Also it 's easier for nannies to discipline kids because they 're not the moms
CNN  -- Now you see it , now you do n't . That 's the logic behind the vanishing spray being used at this year 's World Cup in Brazil . If you watched Thursday 's opening Brazil-Croatia match , you may have seen it : Before a free kick in the first half , a referee pulled a spray can out of a holster and squirted a white line on the field . No , the World Cup refs are n't wannabe graffiti artists . For the first time , FIFA referees are using the special spray to paint a temporary white line 10 yards from the free kick spot , marking the safe area into which opposing players can not encroach . The spray disappears after one minute . This , although somewhat awkward to watch , addresses a problem for referees and players alike : Although they 're supposed to remain 10 yards away , opposing players have frequently crept closer to the free-kick taker in an effort to disrupt the kick , starting countless arguments about fairness . The vanishing spray , which was an immediate hit Thursday on Twitter , is the brainchild of Argentinian journalist and entrepreneur Pablo Silva . "  It started seven or eight years ago when I was playing in a championship played amongst former school members , " Silva told Reuters . "  In the 88th minute , we were losing 1-0 and won a free kick on the edge of the area . When I took the kick , the wall  of opposing players  was three meters away . The referee did n't book anyone and did n't do anything . We lost the game and driving home later , with a mixture of anger and bitterness , I thought that we must invent something to stop this . " The spray is called 9:15 Fairplay , or 10 yards expressed in meters . It 's already been used in games the past several years by Major League Soccer . "  We find the vanishing spray to be extremely useful and very effective in ensuring the defenders are 10 yards from the ball , " said Paul Rejer , training and development manager for the Professional Referees Organization , which supplies officials for MLS . "  The spray makes it clear where the ball is to be placed and where the defenders have to stand . Since the use of spray we experience very few problems in achieving the ...  minimum  distance . " Rejer said the spray has been welcomed by officials and is no hassle for them to carry during games . If nothing else , Silva and his spray already have some high-profile supporters , including Portuguese soccer superstar Cristiano Ronaldo . "  I think it 's a great idea , " he said in a testimonial on the 9:15 website . "  Use a spray to mark the distance between the barrier and the kicker can be a great help . "	For the first time , FIFA referees are using a special vanishing spray Refs spray a temporary white line 10 yards from the spot of free kicks The line keeps opposing players back and disappears after a minute It 's already been used in games the past several years by Major League Soccer
CNN  -- Noah Baumbach is emerging as an emotionally acute , not to say eviscerating , observer of the middle-class intelligentsia , the kind of people who write letters to "  The New York Times " and might plausibly pop up in a Woody Allen movie . Unlike the Woodman , Baumbach does n't show his face on screen , but his films are no less personal for that : "  The Squid and the Whale " was a sometimes wincingly autobiographical account of two boys torn between their divorcing parents , and he 's not one to deflect an insight with a wisecrack . The cracks just cut deeper . I 've rarely experienced an audience recoil from a character as passionately as they did to Nicole Kidman 's toxically self-absorbed writer in "  Margot at the Wedding "  maybe her best performance , incidentally  . These are comedies in the sense that the characters are painfully ridiculous -- and all too recognizably real -- but Baumbach sure does n't make it easy for himself , or us . Roger Greenberg  Ben Stiller  is another neurotic narcissist , a middle-aged loner who comes back to Los Angeles to house-sit while his brother enjoys a long vacation in the Far East . Greenberg  only his brother calls him Roger  can feed the family dog , but the truth is that he desperately needs to regroup and recharge after a spell in a mental hospital . He has one friend , Ivan  Rhys Ifans  , who still has time for him and a wider circle of former friends who do n't . We soon learn that Greenberg used to front a band , but it fell apart after he turned down a recording deal , and he 's been in New York ever since , under-achieving on a permanent basis . "  I 'm trying to do nothing for a while , " is how he explains himself to anyone who will listen . Stiller finds a note of defiance in this pathetic rationalization  along with his powerlessness , Greenberg has developed an angry streak  , but it 's clear to almost everyone how lost he really is . He 's living in the past , fantasizing about his old girlfriend  a deftly ironic cameo by Baumbach 's wife , Jennifer Jason Leigh  and scarcely able to look after himself , let alone his brother 's dog . It 's hard to believe this hunched misanthrope grew up in sunny California -- he can barely doggy-paddle and always dresses for rain -- but Stiller knows him inside out . He shows us someone trapped in his own disappointment , flailing and failing . Then there 's Florence  Greta Gerwig  , his brother 's personal assistant/nanny , a wannabe singer who defaults to doormat status in almost any social exchange . Greenberg throws himself on her with an awkward mixture of condescension and vulnerability , and their fumbling relationship -- physical but scarcely intimate -- serves as a kind of love story , or at least the unspoken promise of one . It 's crucial to Baumbach 's strategy that Gerwig  a mainstay of the new millennial American independent scene  is ordinarily beautiful , not movie-star knockout . Florence is self-conscious and unsure of herself , which is why she 'll drive Greenberg around  he does n't drive  even after he 's walked out on her twice . Uneventful  the dog gets sick , and , uh , that 's about it  , "  Greenberg " resembles the kind of films Gerwig has been making  "  LOL , " "  Baghead "  , but on a bigger budget and with one of Hollywood 's most accomplished cinematographers on board  Harris Savides , whose credits include "  Zodiac " and "  Milk "  . That is , it coalesces around tentative , half-formed ideas about how to be a person in the world . "  Greenberg " shows that young people are n't the only ones wondering what they 're to make of themselves and whether it 's already too late . Its best sequence , the climax , is an impromptu house party in which Greenberg finds himself pontificating , stoned , before a bemused audience half his age -- and at long last manages to accept himself . It 's a small victory but worth savoring .	Director Noah Baumbach is best known for "  The Squid and the Whale " Ben Stiller 's character is neurotic narcissist who returns to Los Angeles to house-sit Film involves ideas of what it is to be a person in the world
Johannesburg  CNN  -- "  This should n't be happening " -- these were the words of a visibly nervous and frustrated sheriff of the court as he rang the outside bell and knocked at the gate belonging to a woman still considered by many in South Africa as the "  mother of the nation . " Joe Maluleke and two other officials arrived at Winnie Mandela 's house in Soweto on Tuesday to execute a court order granting a Johannesburg school permission to auction her belongings and pay an old debt . Among the goods meant to go under the hammer were 50 paintings , a round table , chairs and a silver tea set . The problems started when the ex-wife of Nelson Mandela , the country 's first black president and an international icon , registered her great niece , Nobantu Vutela , as a boarding student at Abbotts College in Northcliff , Johannesburg , according to court papers filed in 2008 . The accommodation fees for the year were 40,000 South African rand -- the equivalent of about $ 4,000 today . Winnie Mandela , 76 , who earns an annual salary of around $ 90,000 , as a member of parliament , was given six months to pay the full amount . It 's unclear why she and not the girl 's own parents enrolled her into the private school . Despite the documents stipulating that R10 ,000  $ 1000  be paid up front , lawyers representing the school say Mrs Mandela never paid a cent . They started instituting proceedings against her in October 2008 . The case dragged on for five years . A lawyer acting on behalf of the school told CNN Mrs Mandela made her first payment last year but that she still owes nearly $ 5,000 with interest included . Mrs Mandela 's lawyer is disputing the interest amount . With dozens of journalists surrounding him , not a single bidder in sight , and Mrs Mandela 's bodyguards stationed on the other side of the wall , Sheriff Maluleke knocked in vain . People could be seen moving around inside and outside the house , but nobody came out to let the sheriff in . At one point a car sped out of the premises using a side entrance . It is unclear who was in the car . Maluleke was instructed by lawyers to get a locksmith and force his way into Mandela 's house , but he was understandably reluctant . At one point a spectator shouted , "  Why do n't you climb over the wall ? " The sheriff 's irritated retort : "  And get shot at ? " The tense standoff lasted for about two hours . Maluleke left Winnie Mandela 's property empty-handed and dejected . He later admitted that the task he was expected to carry out was a difficult one . "  Is it because she is the mother of the nation ? " he was asked . "  Exactly , " he responded . Read this : How South Africa avoided ` bloody racial war ' On Monday night Winnie Mandela 's lawyer Yandisa Dudula had been frantically trying to stop the auction from going ahead . "  Mrs. Mandela has given me a check for R16 ,000  $ 1,696  , and another R4 ,000  $ 212  has been given to the sheriff , " he told CNN . "  The auction is not necessary . " The school 's lawyers insisted on getting the money in cash , failing which , they said the sale of her goods would go ahead as planned . Confused neighbors looked on as the spectacle at Mandela 's property unfolded . "  We thought she had money , it is very surprising that her goods are now having to be auctioned in order to recoup funds for a debt , " one of them told CNN . When asked what it is like to live next door "  the mother of the nation , " the neighbor said , "  We never see her . When the old man  Nelson Mandela  lived in Soweto he would walk around , shake people 's hands , greet and talk to them , he even invited us into his home . " "  Winnie keeps to herself , but we still call her ` mother of the nation ' and no-one wants to see her humiliated , " the neighbor said . Commentators say Winnie Mandela has become increasingly isolated , not only by her political family , the ruling African National Congress , but seemingly by her biological family as well . "  Internal tensions within the family could have played a role in no one coming to Mrs Mandela 's aid , " political analyst Somadoda Fikeni told CNN . "  The family is fragmented and recent squabbles over money have further emphasized these divisions . " Two of Nelson Mandela 's daughters -- Makaziwe Mandela and Zenani Dlamini -- are currently embroiled in a legal battle over the former political prisoner 's money . They have filed court papers in an attempt to remove Mandela 's longtime lawyer and friend , 84-year-old George Bizos , and others as directors of companies owned by the Mandela Trust . The children 's legal battle over their iconic father 's monies has come under heavy criticism in South Africa . Bizos told local media the lawsuit is "  a ploy to resuscitate the sale of Mandela 's artworks " whose proceeds go to the companies at the center of the dispute . Andrew Mlangeni , who was incarcerated on Robben Island with Mr Mandela , told CNN : "  This is a matter that should have been resolved internally within the family . " Makaziwe recently rebutted accusations that her intentions are motivated by greed , telling the New York Times : "  This issue that we are greedy , that we are wanting this money before my dad passes away is all nonsense . " The feud over Nelson Mandela 's millions and now the threat of an auction at his former wife 's residence underscore the contradictions and complexities in what many consider South Africa 's political "  royal family . " Read this : Big brands target South Africa 's middle class This is by no means Winnie Mandela 's first brush with the law , although for years many saw her as untouchable . The former freedom fighter was implicated in the 1980s murder of 14-year-old anti-apartheid activist Stompie Seipei . Her then-husband , Nelson Mandela , stood by her , despite a mountain of damning evidence . In 1991 she was convicted of kidnapping Seipei and for being an accessory to assault , but her six-year jail term was reduced on appeal to a fine and a suspended sentence . In 2003 Mrs Mandela was convicted for theft and fraud in connection with an elaborate bank loan scheme where the ANC party letterhead was used to obtain loans for bogus employees including her youngest daughter Zinzi . The conviction carried a jail term , but that sentence too was suspended . A few months ago police confirmed that they have reopened the murder case of two more former freedom fighters , allegedly last seen at her house more than 20 years ago . Their bodies were exhumed in March . In recent years , "  the mother of the nation 's " influence in the country and within the ruling party has waned , and the protection she once enjoyed along with it . Last year she was voted second-last in the party 's national executive committee . She had been top of the list at the previous ANC conference in 2007 . Still , respected columnist and journalist Justice Malala says he is astonished Winnie Mandela could n't get help from a single one of her former comrades . Malala told CNN : "  It 's great that she was paying for her great niece 's school fees but I 'm surprised that firstly she did n't feel she could raise the money from her own salary and secondly that no-one in the ANC was willing to help her . She could have also approached the Mandela Trust . Mandela has given money to president Jacob Zuma before when he was in trouble . " Perhaps the most astonishing part of the tale is why her children and grandchildren appear to have stood by and watched as threats of an auction became more serious . Two of her grandchildren , Zaziwe and Swati Dlamini have recently launched a reality show in the U.S. called "  Being Mandela . " They also have a clothing line named "  Long Walk to Freedom " after their grandfather 's autobiography . Their mother Zenani Dlamini , Winnie 's eldest daughter , is South Africa 's ambassador to Argentina . Despite the family 's many ventures and connections , Winnie 's lawyer says money is n't always readily available . Winnie Mandela has often courted controversy , but she is still adored by many in South Africa . She endured years of torture , torment , banishment and imprisonment by the apartheid regime while fighting resolutely for racial equality in the country . And despite her legal and financial troubles over the years , very few South Africans are celebrating her downfall . Many of them took to Twitter to express their solidarity . "  We can not forget Winnie Mandela who stood tall for three decades " wrote one person .	Winnie Mandela threatened with having her belongings sold off to pay school fees Mandela , ex-wife of South African icon Nelson Mandela , is regarded by many as "  mother of the nation " Commentators say Winnie Mandela increasingly isolated from political and biological families Nelson Mandela 's family embroiled in legal battle over former political prisoner 's money
CNN  -- Defending champion Roger Federer secured his place in the Australian Open semifinals on Tuesday after a straight-sets dismissal of Stanislas Wawrinka . Federer , 29 , moved into the final four at Melbourne Park for an eighth consecutive year thanks to a 6-1 6-3 6-3 triumph over his Swiss compatriot . Sixteen-time grand slam winner Federer took control of the match early after he broke 19th seed Wawrinka in his first service game , before the second seed wrapped up victory in one hour and 47 minutes . "  I think it was a good match for me really , " Federer told the ATP Tour 's website . "  I started off well . Was able to serve and return really well . What are your top ten Australian Open moments ? "  I expected him to even serve bigger today because the ball travels faster through the air . For some reason I was able to return him well . " The sights of magic Melbourne The clash at the Rod Laver Arena -- which saw the gold medal winning doubles team from the 2008 Beijing Olympics go head-to-head -- was the first time two Swiss men had met in the quarterfinals of a major tournament . Wawrinka , the Chennai Open champion , admitted that Federer , who recently won the Qatar Open , was the better man on the day . "  For sure I 'm disappointed to lose , " Wawrinka said . "  But I think he was just playing too good . For sure , you look at the match from outside you do n't see how good he was playing . "  But he was always giving me some answer , and he was just being really too good for me . " Federer 's opponent in his semifinal will be third seed Novak Djokovic , who fired past Czech Tomas Berdych 6-1 7-6  7-5  6-1 . Serbia 's Djokovic , a champion in Melbourne in 2008 , had the upper hand in the opening exchanges as he wrapped up the first set in 38 minutes . Sixth seed Berdych rallied in the second set and took it to a tie-break , only to see his forehand shot clip the net and bounce out of bounds with the score level at 5-5 . Djokovic , 23 , won the tie-break and consequently the match to set up a rematch of the 2010 U.S. Open semifinal against Federer in the last four . "  I was trying to change the pace and put him out of his comfort zone , " Djokovic , who beat Federer in the Flushing Meadows semifinal , told Australian broadcaster Seven Sport . "  I needed to put variety into the game . Second set I was lucky to win the tie-break . I had problems with the  contact  lens  during the second set  , it sometimes gets dry but it all got solved . "	Roger Federer is into the Australian Open semifinals after he beat Stanislas Wawrinka The second seed is into his eighth consecutive semifinal at Melbourne Park Novak Djokovic defeated sixth seed Tomas Berdych in straight-sets The Serb will now face Federer in a rematch of the 2010 U.S. Open semifinal clash
CNN  -- A new French government was announced Tuesday , one day after it dissolved amid turmoil among top ministers . The biggest change was the naming of a new economic minister , Emmanuel Macron , who replaces Arnaud Montebourg . French media reported that the upheaval was caused by public calls from Montebourg for a major reorientation of economic policy in a country where growth has stalled and unemployment remains high . Macron , a close associate of President Francois Hollande 's , is a former banker . The former economic minister 's comments were seen as a challenge to the authority of Hollande , and the change tightens the President 's reins over the ministry . Manuel Valls was confirmed as Prime Minister again . Valls has been in the post since March 31 , replacing Jean-Marc Ayrault . The new government also includes the nation 's first female education minister , Najat Vallaud-Belkacem . Laurent Fabius remains foreign minister and minister for international development , Michel Sapin remains minister of finance and public accounts , and Jean-Yves Le Drian remains defense minister . Socialist leader Hollande said Monday that he wants the new government to be "  a team that is coherent with the course that he himself has set for our country . " Hollande has the worst approval ratings of any French President on record . Valls ' popularity , meanwhile , has shown a decline in recent opinion polls . CNN 's Justin Hoffmann , Jim Bitterman , Jethro Mullen and Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	France announces new ministers The government dissolved Monday amid political turmoil The economic minister who was blamed for the upheaval was replaced
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli military experts Sunday worked around the clock to examine the remains of a mysterious drone that was shot down after penetrating Israeli airspace from the Mediterranean Sea . The Israeli military announced Saturday that the unmanned aerial vehicle was shot down over the northern Negev Desert . They say the drone did not take off from Gaza , leading them to consider the possibility that it originated in Lebanon . Israeli security experts point the finger at Israel 's longstanding rival Hezbollah , the Shiite militia based in southern Lebanon . "  We know it originated in Lebanon , " said Ron Ben Yishai , an Israeli national security and defense commentator for Israeli news portal Ynet . "  It is entirely clear the UAV was sent by an Iranian proxy . The Iranians provided Hezbollah with their very first drones and they have also funded the organization . " Opinion : U.S. drone monopoly gone While Israel has yet to officially announce who it sees as responsible for the penetration into its airspace , Lebanon 's national news agency on Sunday reported that Israeli fighter jets have flown into Lebanese airspace , causing sonic booms in the area . Military spokeswoman Avital Leibovich said Saturday that the drone did not carry any weapons or explosives . Leibovich would not discuss the drone 's route or whether it had flown over military installations . If Hezbollah were responsible for the launch of the drone , flying it for more than 200 km  125 miles  down the Mediterranean and deep into Israel , that would represent a significant upgrade to its aerial capacities . But Ben Yishai said neither Hezbollah nor the Palestinian militant groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad in Gaza have claimed responsibility for launching the drone . "  I can imagine they are quiet , concerned of the Israeli response to this operation , but it is not for me to say what Israel 's reaction would be , " he said . Iran , which supports Hezbollah , has had no comment . While the Israeli military has stated that the drone did not carry explosives , the objective of the flight was a mystery Sunday . "  The question is , what exactly did they look to achieve ? Was it merely a demonstration of strength , or an operational mission for collecting intelligence ? " said Ben Yishai . One possible target for any of Israel 's enemies is the secret nuclear plant at Dimona , in the Negev . Built with the help of the French government in the 1960s , the reactor stands several dozen miles from where the drone was shot down . Israel does not comment on whether it has nuclear weapons , but details leaked by a former technician at Dimona in the 1980s led international observers to conclude that it could have produced as many as 200 nuclear bombs . In December 2010 , the Israeli military announced it had shot down an unidentified flying object over the nuclear plant . Ben Yishai said crashing a drone carrying explosives onto the plant would be considered a phenomenal achievement for Hezbollah , even though the aircraft ca n't carry a big enough bomb to inflict serious damage . Even photographs of the tightly guarded plant would be an intelligence prize , he said . The drone incident comes amid a tense international standoff over Iran 's nuclear fuel program , which Israel fears is a cover for a nuclear weapons program . Iran has defied calls by the U.N. Security Council to halt its production of enriched uranium , insisting it has a right to make fuel for civilian power plants . But the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency says it can no longer verify that Iranian nuclear research is strictly peaceful . That 's fueled talk of Israeli military action against Iran , with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warning the U.N. General Assembly in September that time for a diplomatic solution was running out . The United States , Israel 's leading ally , says it wo n't tolerate a nuclear-armed Iran , but says diplomatic and economic sanctions are starting to take a deep bite out of Iran 's economy . On Sunday , Leibovich , the Israeli military spokeswoman , said an Israeli warplane shot down the drone . Ben Yishai said small drones are difficult to spot on radar , and missiles are n't designed to hit such slow-moving targets . The decision to closely follow the drone for almost 30 minutes within Israeli airspace was a wise choice , Ben Yishai said . "  Having identified the drone flying over the Mediterranean , the Israeli air force could have chosen to shoot it down right away , " he said . "  The ability to track the drone , take pictures of it from all directions and examine its capabilities serves as an outstanding resource for intelligence information . " Anti-drone peace march halted in Pakistan	"  We know it originated in Lebanon , " an Israeli security analyst says Israel is investigating the craft 's origin and has n't pointed any fingers yet The drone was shot down over Israel 's Negev Desert on Saturday The craft was several dozen miles from the top-secret Dimona nuclear plant
CNN  -- Piers Morgan likes to talk the talk but how did the CNN anchor fare when he had to walk the walk and face a cricket ball coming towards him at 150 kilometers an hour ? Morgan , who likes to tweet from the lip , has been one of England 's most outspoken critics over the past few weeks following the team 's embarrassing capitulation against Australia in the fiercely contested Ashes series . And from the cosy surroundings of his U.S. home , Morgan took to Twitter to criticize England 's wretched batting in the first three Ashes Tests -- matches in which Australia cruised to victory . But on Friday in Melbourne , where England are playing Australia in the fourth Test , Morgan got a taste of what the touring batsmen have had to contend with over the last few weeks , though none of them were dumped onto their backside -- unlike the CNN anchor . Facing former Australian fast bowler Brett Lee , a man who took 310 wickets in 76 Tests , Morgan was pummeled during a six-ball blast . With Lee not holding back , Morgan gave the appearance of a rabbit caught in the headlights as he backed away from nearly every delivery . Watch Morgan 's ordeal on YouTube On four occasions the Englishman was hit on the body , while he was also clean bowled by Lee much to the amusement of the watching crowd of 2,000 , which included Australian cricketers Mitchell Johnson and Peter Siddle . "  He got hurt but he did n't get maimed , so that 's a positive step , " Lee told the Sydney Morning Herald . "  You have to give full credit to the guy -- he 's going to be really sore tomorrow . "  But he kept on going , so you have to take your hat off to the guy . "  The biggest smile around the ground was from Mitchell Johnson I think . I looked over at Mitch and he gave me a wink , he was quite chuffed . " If the 48-year-old Morgan was bloodied , he remained unbowed after his bruising experience . "  It 's made me reassess what you need out here on an Ashes tour and that is courage , fortitude and a Churchillian spirit of never giving in despite overwhelming odds , " he said . CNN digital writer Chris Murphy plays amateur cricket with Morgan , so what was his analysis of his teammate 's performance ? "  Having played cricket with Piers on numerous occasions , it 's well known he has two shots : a forward defense and a heave to the leg side , " said Murphy . "  Sadly , he was n't able to exhibit either . "  Charging down the wicket at someone bowling nearly 150 kph is n't brave , it 's just plain stupid . But Piers deserves full marks for the guts he showed in the face of a relentless barrage from Brett Lee . "  The sight of any batsman backing away from his stumps is a sign he 's troubled by the pace of the bowler , but in this case it was probably a wise idea to prevent his chin being shattered . "  A still head , straight bat and balance are the fundamentals of batting -- sadly for Piers , none of those elements were on show in Melbourne . Thankfully though , he is still alive to tell the tale . " The England players who were the subject of Morgan 's Twitter angst did at least return to form Friday to take control of the fourth Test at the MCG . Their nemesis Johnson took five wickets to leave England 255 all out , but the visitors hit back to have the home side reeling on 167 for nine at stumps and facing the prospect of defeat after three earlier easy victories . In South Africa , fast bowler Dale Steyn put on a display that Lee at his best would be proud of , taking six wickets for 100 runs as India were all out for 334 in their first innings in Durban . Retiring legend Jacques Kallis became only the second man in Test history to take 200 catches during the course of the second day .	CNN anchor Piers Morgan went head to head with Australian bowler Brett Lee Morgan left flat on his backside at Melbourne Cricket Ground The 48-year-old anchor hit four times in six deliveries England fight back in fourth Test to take control on second day
CNN  -- Egypt moved closer to a first World Cup finals appearance since 1990 after reaching the African qualification playoffs on Sunday . The Pharaohs , coached by American Bob Bradley , notched a fifth successive victory in Group G , beating Mozambique 1-0 in Maputo thanks to a 40th-minute goal from young striker Mohamed Salah . Salah , who turned 21 on Saturday and plays for Swiss club Basel , scored a hat-trick last weekend against Zimbabwe -- and also netted last year against Guinea . It marks a big turnaround in fortunes for the continent 's seven-time champion , which failed to qualify for the last two Africa Cup of Nations and suspended its domestic league for a year after more than 70 fans died in the Port Said tragedy in February 2012 . Guinea 's hopes of a World Cup debut were ended despite winning 2-0 against Zimbabwe , with striker Mohamed Yattara scoring both goals . The Ivory Coast also went through to the playoffs , winning 4-2 away to Tanzania to be sure of topping Group C. Two-time African player of the year Yaya Toure scored two first-half goals to help his team come from behind , and substitute Wilfried Bony sealed victory in time added on . It meant Morocco missed out , despite winning 2-0 against Gambia on Saturday . South Africa , the 2010 World Cup host , also failed to make the playoffs after losing 2-1 to Group A winner Ethiopia thanks to a 70th-minute headed own-goal by Bernard Parker . Parker had put his side ahead in the first half but Getaneh Kebede equalized before the break to join Salah and Algeria 's Islam Slimani on a leading five goals in the qualifiers . Ethiopia , which played at the Africa Cup of Nations in January for the first time in 30 years , has never gone to the World Cup . However , it is facing a FIFA investigation after being accused of fielding an ineligible player in last Saturday 's 2-1 win away to Botswana . If it is found guilty , South Africa and Botswana could have another chance to go through . Football 's world governing body has opened similar proceedings against Togo and Equatorial Guinea -- neither of which have reached the playoffs , but the outcome could affect the qualifiers from their respective groups . Ghana reached the quarterfinals in South Africa three years ago , and the Black Stars are on course for a third successive appearance after beating Lesotho 2-0 in Maseru . Christian Atsu and captain Asamoah Gyan.scored in either half to put Ghana one point ahead of Zambia in Group D ahead of their clash in the final round in September . Zambia stuttered with a 1-1 draw at home to Sudan on Saturday . Tunisia claimed a playoff place as winner of Group B after drawing 1-1 in Equatorial Guinea , with Sierra Leone 's slim hopes having been ended by a 1-0 defeat against Cape Verde . Cameroon 's hopes of a seventh World Cup outing hang in the balance following Sunday 's 0-0 draw away to the Democratic Republic of Congo . With star striker Samuel Eto'o out injured , the Indomitable Lions dropped two points behind Group I leader Libya ahead of their clash in the last match . Libya beat Togo 2-0 on Friday . Algeria will try to earn a fourth World Cup appearance after reaching the playoffs with a 1-0 win in Rwanda , as Saphir Taider netted the only goal in the 52nd minute to seal top spot in Group H. Mali needed to beat Benin to delay the Desert Foxes ' progress , but drew 2-2 at home after needing a second-half equalizer from striker Cheick Diabate . Senegal returned to the top of Group J with a 2-0 win away to Liberia , as striker Papiss Cisse scored in either half . It set up a last-round showdown with Uganda , a point back in second following Saturday 's 2-1 win at home to Angola . Malawi 's hopes of overhauling Group F leader Nigeria were dented by a 2-2 home draw against bottom team Kenya . Nigeria 's Super Eagles hold a two-point lead ahead of the September 6 home clash with Malawi . The 10-team playoffs will take place over two legs in October and November , with the five winners earning a place in Brazil next year .	Egypt through to African World Cup qualifying playoffs after beating Mozambique 1-0 Ivory Coast also progress as winner of Group C , beating Tanzania 4-2 in Dar es Salaam Tunisia and Algeria also through to playoffs in October and November Group A winner Ethiopia facing FIFA investigation over ineligible player fielded last weekend
CNN  -- Rapiro is a humanoid robot that can be programmed to do various tasks  $ " including make you coffee . The kit was created by a Japanese company as a "  catalyst between robotics and Raspberry Pi . " The credit-card sized , Linux-based PC known as Raspberry Pi is designed to work with the basic hardware of Rapiro , allowing you to program it to do many things , such as manage your calendar or tell you the weather , in addition to making the coffee . Rapiro is n't the first of its kind : BrickPi is a Raspberry Pi-controlled lego robot that was funded through Kickstarter . According to its developers , BrickPi "  connects LEGO Mindstorms Sensors , motors , and parts to turn your credit card-size computer into a robot . " Unlike Rapiro , it functions more as a toy than a personal assistant . Raspberry Pi makes the software easily customizable for users who are familiar with the technology . Rapiro can also be fitted with a camera to give it the ability to gather and store visual data .  Also a feature of Raspberry Pi .  Rapiro also has 12 "  servo motors , " which help it with mobility . If you 're not Raspberry Pi-savvy or just dabbling in robotics , that 's fine too . According to the website , the idea of the project is for a beginner to get into robotics and for an expert to create higher utility through Raspberry Pi . There is strong interest in this little robot : With over 46 days left in its Kickstarter campaign , it has already crossed its funding goal . Interested backers can get the full kit for a $ 350 pledge . For more , check out the video above .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Rapiro can do numerous human-like tasks , including making coffee The robot 's control system is the size of a credit card It has 12 ` servo motors , ' which increase its capacity for movement
CNN has learned that U.S. intelligence agencies have identified three Russian amphibious warships in the eastern Mediterranean that are believed to be carrying weapons shipments that might be used to resupply the Syrian regime , according to a Pentagon official . The official declined to be named due to the sensitive nature of the information . The United States has been tracking the ships since they left Russian ports several days ago . U.S. satellites were able to see some indications of containers being loaded onto the ships . Although it 's not confirmed , it 's believed the ships may be carrying some components of the controversial Russian S-300 air defense missile system and other weapons for the regime . The United States has been pressing the Russians for weeks to not deliver that system to Syria because of the threat it would pose by upgrading Syria 's already robust air defense system . The United States believes it would give the Syrian government a much greater ability to target U.S. , Israeli , NATO or other aircraft that may try to strike targets on the ground in the future . The official said the United States did not see any military helicopters being loaded ; it is believed the Syrians want to add the helicopters to their inventories . The Russians have kept a regular naval presence in the eastern Mediterranean so they can move in and out of the port of Tartous , where they have facilities . Several sensitive military assets are in the region this month as well . In the next two weeks , the U.S. Navy aircraft carrier USS Eisenhower will also be in the region on a scheduled rotation as it returns to its home port on the East Coast . A U.S. Patriot missile battery and F-16s are heading to Jordan for a training exercise , though the Jordanians have asked for the Patriots to remain after the exercise concludes at the end of the month .	U.S. intelligence : Three Russian warships in the Mediterranean may have weapons for Syria The ships are believed to be carrying parts of an air defense missile system Such a system would make striking targets in Syria more difficult , U.S. believes U.S. aircraft carrier , a Patriot missile battery and F-16s will be in the Mideast this month
Now-aged serial killer Juan Corona was denied parole for the sixth time on Monday , California authorities said . Corona , 77 , is serving 25 concurrent terms of 25-years to life for 25 counts of first-degree murder in Corcoran State Prison in central California . A parole board decided that "  Corona 's parole could reasonably pose a threat to public safety , " said the statement from the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . He will not be eligible for another parole hearing for five years . His crimes came to light in May 1971 , when a farmer who had hired Corona as a labor contractor discovered a grave between two trees . Authorities went on to discover more graves in peach orchards along the Feather River near Marysville . All of Corona 's victims were men who were last seen with him or who 'd been hired through his contracting business , according to the corrections department .	Juan Corona is denied parole for the sixth time He 's serving 25 concurrent terms of 25 years to life He will not be eligible for another parole hearing for five years
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Rescuers searched frantically for survivors after a packed ferry carrying at least 250 people capsized in southern Bangladesh , killing at least 32 people , police said Tuesday . The MV Shariatpur-1 sank in the Meghna River after colliding with a cargo ferry early Tuesday while passengers slept , a survivor said . "  We were seven in a cabin in the ferry , and six of my family members are still missing , " Mohammad Dulal Dewan told CNN . "  Everything happened before I could understand anything . " The 55-year-old survivor said he "  jumped into the river and was rescued by people in another passing ferry . " Dewan and his family were traveling to Dhaka , Bangladesh 's capital , to see his brother-in-law off to the United States . Shamim Fakir was scheduled to fly on his U.S. trip early Wednesday , Dewan said . He was still missing Tuesday evening . Mohammad Azizul Alam , the administrative chief of Munshiganj district , said officials had received a list of 61 missing people from families and the death toll might increase . "  We believe many bodies are still trapped inside the sunken ferry , and the rescue operation is still on , " Shahabuddin Khan , police chief of Munshiganj , told CNN . Khan said divers from the Bangladesh navy and the Fire Service and Civil Defence took part in the operation in addition to police and the Bangladesh Inland Water Transport Authority . The water authority 's chairman , Khandker Shamsuddoha Khandaker , told reporters the ferry had been traced 70 feet  more than 20 meters  under water . About 30 people were initially rescued after the ferry collided with the cargo boat on the river in Munshiganj district , about 25 miles  40 kilometers  south of Dhaka . The ferry was traveling to the nation 's capital from Shariatpur district . Ferry accidents are common on Bangladesh 's vast river network . Hundreds of people die in such accidents every year as the operators often ignore rules . Nearly 4,000 people are estimated to have lost their lives in ferry accidents since 1977 .	NEW : Survivor says , "  Six of my family members are still missing " NEW : At least 250 people were on board when boat collided with another ferry , police say NEW : More than 60 people remain unaccounted for , an official says Ferry accidents are common in Bangladesh
CNN  The estate of the late comedian Joan Rivers filed a lawsuit Monday in New York County Supreme Court detailing alleged missteps by the outpatient endoscopy facility and the physicians caring for Rivers during an August 28 procedure that the New York medical examiner said ultimately led to her death . Rivers died at Mount Sinai Hospital on September 4 , 2014 . Attorneys for the estate said they are suing for damages and said the family wants to "  make certain that the many medical deficiencies that led to Joan Rivers ' death are never repeated by any outpatient surgery center . " The lawsuit alleges that the doctors who performed the procedure at Manhattan 's Yorkville Endoscopy clinic were "  reckless , grossly negligent and wanton . " The lawsuit says they performed procedures to which Rivers did not consent . It also alleges that one of the doctors did not have credentials or privileges to treat patients at the facility . Clinic that did Joan Rivers ' procedure to be cut off Medicare The comedian went to the medical center for a procedure to evaluate her "  voice changes " and to determine what was causing her stomach reflux , according to the New York medical examiner . The lawsuit says Rivers signed an authorization and gave her consent to let the doctors perform an upper endoscopy , or EGD , with possible biopsy/possible polypectomy and possible dilation of the esophagus . It was unclear if Rivers had given verbal consent to any other procedure before being sedated . The lawsuit maintains she did not . During an upper endoscopy a camera is inserted to examine the upper part of the digestive system . A doctor controls the tiny camera on the end of a flexible tube . It is used to diagnose stomach , esophagus and small-intestine problems . A biopsy would be done if a doctor found an area that looked like there was some kind of cancer . Voice changes can be a sign of throat cancer . Federal agency claims major violations by clinic that treated Rivers A polypectomy is done to remove nasal polyps , which are benign growths originating in the mucous membrane that can block the nasal passages . During esophageal dilation doctors dilate or stretch the narrowed area of the esophagus , which they may do as part of a sedated endoscopy procedure . It 's most commonly done because the esophagus has narrowed from acid reflux . Often patients with this problem have trouble swallowing and sometimes have pain . Less commonly , narrowing happens because of cancer of the esophagus . Rivers first underwent a laryngoscopy . This is a procedure she did not consent to in writing . It is used by doctors to get a look at the vocal folds and glottis . It was during this first procedure that her doctors had "  difficulty maintaining " her oxygen saturation at an "  appropriate and safe level to ensure that her airway was not compromised " the lawsuit says . Then Dr. Lawrence Cohen and Dr. Renuka Bankulla performed the upper endoscopy , the procedure for which they did have written consent . When Bankulla noticed the oxygen saturation level again dropped , the lawsuit says she requested that the EGD be stopped and the endoscope removed to increase Rivers ' oxygen level . Once her level was raised , Cohen reinserted the laryngoscope and continued the EGD . The lawsuit argues that during this part of the procedure Cohen and Bankulla failed to ensure Rivers ' airway was appropriately maintained and that they "  failed to properly observe and monitor Joan Rivers ' vital signs which were deteriorating " and that her blood pressure "  dropped significantly " as did her pulse and oxygen saturation level according to the lawsuit . After Cohen completed the EGD he took a selife with Rivers while she was under sedation during the procedure , without her consent , according to the lawsuit . When he took the photo , the lawsuit says , Cohen announced that maybe Rivers would "  like to see these in the recovery area . " Dr. Gwen Korovin then said she wanted to "  go down again " and take another look , doing another laryngoscopy , the procedure for which the facility did not have written consent , according to the lawsuit . E! 's ` Fashion Police ' to continue without Rivers Korovin performed the laryngoscopy despite a concern voiced by Bankulla that the procedure could compromise Rivers ' airway , the suit says , adding that Cohen told Bankulla she was just "  being paranoid , " and the doctors proceeded with the second laryngoscopy . According to an October investigation by the medical examiner 's office , the cause of death was "  anoxic encephalopathy due to hypoxic arrest , " a medical description of brain damage caused by lack of oxygen "  that happened during the laryngoscopy . " 25 of Joan Rivers ' best jokes Rivers had a laryngospasm , a spasm of the vocal cords that makes it difficult to breathe , according to the investigation . Her body was unable to take in enough oxygen and eventually her heart stopped delivering fresh oxygenated blood to her brain , which shut down . When the doctors did notice that Rivers ' vital signs had dropped , as had her oxygen saturation level , they tried to get her breathing better . When 10 minutes of ambu bagging did n't work , the lawsuit says Bankulla asked another doctor to get the tracheotomy kit ready . In that case , the lawsuit says the doctors should have performed an emergency tracheotomy . Bankulla looked for Korovin to perform a cricothyrotomy , but the lawsuit says Korovin had left the room . Korovin is a well known doctor who has successfully treated an impressive list of celebrity clients who have come to her with voice trouble . The list of famous patients who have sung her praises include actors Hugh Jackman and Nathan Lane and singers Celine Dion , Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande . Korovin is a licensed medical doctor , but she "  did not have privileges to perform surgical procedures " at Yorkville Endoscopy nor was she credentialed to perform procedures at the facility , according to the lawsuit . After Rivers started to deteriorate further , the lawsuit alleges that Korovin left the room "  because she knew she was not permitted to perform medical services or procedures " at that particular clinic and wanted to "  avoid getting caught . " Joan Rivers gave misfit girls permission to dream The lawsuit also says the doctors were inadequately trained to handle an emergency like the one they encountered . CNN left voice messages and emails for all the individuals and facilities named in the suit . So far , none has responded to CNN 's inquiries . In relation to this case in the past , the Yorkville Endoscopy clinic has said , "  Our anesthesiologists monitor the patient continuously utilizing state-of-the-art monitoring equipment , and remain at the bedside throughout the procedure and into recovery . " It added that all its doctors are certified for advance cardiac life support . Korovin 's lawyer sent a statement in relation to past stories that said the doctor "  is respected and admired by her peers in the medical community and she is revered by her patients . " "  As a matter of personal and professional policy , Dr. Korovin does not publicly discuss her patients or their care and treatment . Further , Dr. Korovin is prohibited by state and federal confidentiality laws from discussing her care and treatment of any particular patient . "  For these reasons , neither Dr. Korovin nor her attorneys will have any public comment on recent press reports regarding her practice . We ask that the press please respect Dr. Korovin 's personal and professional policy of not discussing her patients , as well as the privacy of her patients , " the statement said . In reaction to the lawsuit , Rivers ' daughter , Melissa Rivers , released a statement . "  Filing this lawsuit was one of the most difficult decisions I 've ever had to make , " said Rivers . "  What ultimately guided me was my unwavering belief that no family should ever have to go through what my mother , Cooper and I have been through . "  The level of medical mismanagement , incompetency , disrespect and outrageous behavior is shocking and , frankly , almost incomprehensible , " Rivers said . "  Not only did my mother deserve better , every patient deserves better . It is my goal to make sure that this kind of horrific medical treatment never happens to anyone again . " Debra Goldschmidt of CNN contributed to this report	Joan Rivers died in September after a medical procedure went wrong Rivers did not consent to the procedure that may have killed her , according to the lawsuit One doctor took a selfie with the comedian while she was sedated , the lawsuit says
The burial at sea of Osama bin Laden after he was killed by Navy SEALs last year followed traditional Islamic procedures , according to newly released military e-mails , but less than a dozen "  leadership " members aboard the Navy carrier where the service took place were informed of the burial . "  Any sailors watch the burial ? " a Navy commander asked the public affairs officer on the USS Carl Vinson in a May 3 , 2011 , e-mail . The Carl Vinson was the carrier where the SEALs took bin Laden 's body by helicopter after he was killed during the May 2 , 2011 , raid at his compound in Pakistan . Panetta : Al Qaeda down but not out "  Only a small group of the leadership was informed -- less than a dozen , " the public affairs officer replied . Another e-mail stated , "  Burial No Sailors Watched . " Ten heavily redacted e-mails were released by the Department of Defense in response to a Freedom of Information lawsuit initially filed by the watchdog group Judicial Watch . In communications between high-ranking officers , the e-mails describe Islamic burial procedures being carried out with no fanfare , apparently with few of the officers and enlisted personnel aboard the huge carrier aware of what was going on aboard their ship . Radical cleric released from UK jail "  Traditional procedures for Islamic burial was followed , " said one e-mail , adding , "  The deceased 's body was washed  ablution  then placed in a white sheet . The body was placed in a weighted bag . a military officer read prepared religious remarks , which were translated into Arabic by a native speaker . After the words were complete , the body was placed on a prepared flat board , tipped up , whereupon the deceased 's body slid into the sea . " The e-mail detailing the burial account was sent on May 2 , 2011 , and addressed to former Joint Chiefs Chairman Mike Mullen . Naval officers used code words in some of the e-mails exchanged shortly after the raid was completed , with an exchange between two admirals including , "  FEDEX delivered the package . Both trucks are safely enroute home base . " Judge blocks release of bin Laden death photos 2011 opinion : Sea burial was ` sad miscalculation '	Defense Department releases military e-mails with details on the burial at sea of bin Laden Less than a dozen of the ship 's "  leadership " were informed of the burial Traditional procedures for Islamic burial were followed , according to the e-mails The documents were released under a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit
Music icon Stevie Wonder will headline a fundraiser in New Orleans early next month for longtime friend and supporter , Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu . "  We are overjoyed to have the continued support of the legendary Stevie Wonder , whose music resonates with Louisianians across the state , " said Fabien Levy , Communications Director for the Landrieu campaign , in a press release out Tuesday . "  His music has inspired millions , and we are excited to have him help us strongly close out our campaign . " The Times-Picayune reports that the event will take place Dec. 1 , just five days before Landrieu faces a runoff against Republican challenger Rep. Bill Cassidy . The fundraiser marks the campaign 's final push to get last minute support for the three-term incumbent . This is n't the first time Wonder , who is set to receive a Presidential Medal of Freedom , has helped Landrieu this election season . He also recorded a radio ad for her during the primaries .	R&B singer Stevie Wonder will headline a Landrieu fundraiser on Dec. 1 Wonder previously recorded a radio ad for the incumbent Landrieu is in a tight runoff race slated for Dec. 6
CNN  -- A winter storm blasting the Northeast caused significant headaches for travelers on Friday , including long delays at several airports , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . Flights destined for Newark Liberty International Airport in northern New Jersey were arriving more than four hours late on average , the FAA reported around 4 p.m. ET on its website . Significant delays were reported elsewhere in the region as well , including about 2 1/2 hours at both New York 's LaGuardia airport and Boston 's Logan airport . The travel situation , however , did improve considerably over the course of the night . By 9 p.m. , for instance , most Northeast airports were experiencing only minimal delays . One exception then was LaGuardia , which still was experiencing 2 1/2 - hour backups on arriving flights , according to the FAA . Even so , between United , Delta and American airlines alone , the bad weather caused at least 670 flight cancellations Friday in the Northeast corridor . Some areas of Massachusetts could be under two feet of snow by the time the storm cleared the area Friday night , according to the National Weather Service . The Northeast is n't the only area being hit by late wintry weather . Blizzard warnings were posted through Saturday and in some cases into Sunday for parts of four Rockies and Plains states . Parts of Colorado could see 10 to 15 inches of snow , according to the weather service . Before it hit in full , the storm system had already caused travel issues . United Airlines preemptively canceled 270 flights on Saturday and Southwest canceled another 125 . Most of the cancellations impact Denver .	NEW : The situation at most Northeast airports improves as the night passes , the FAA says Arriving flights at Newark airport had been delayed more than four hours Two feet of snow could fall in Massachusetts , the National Weather Service says 3 airlines alone canceled about 670 flights in the Northeast corridor on Friday
Less than a week after dissolving the parliament , Jordan 's King Abdullah II appointed a new prime minister Wednesday as the country deals with demands for political reform . Abdullah Ensour , the new prime minister , is tasked with forming a new government -- Jordan 's fifth in two years . He was appointed after King Abdullah accepted the resignation of outgoing Prime Minister Fayez al-Tarawneh , the country 's royal court said . Last week , thousands of peaceful protesters gathered in Amman to call for constitutional reforms , saying the king has too much power . They demanded that representatives be able to run for election in a democratic system rather than be under his control . King Abdullah has also called for early elections , close to the new year . There is no clear deadline for establishing a new government , former parliamentarian Khaled Kalaldeh said . But he said it 's in the prime minister 's best interest to set up the new administration within 24 hours , due to a planned demonstration Friday by the opposition and the Muslim Brotherhood . Many have said Jordan 's economy is hurting , and too many people can not afford the high cost of living and are burdened by high inflation . Unemployment numbers are too high , they said , and many young people are without work . The complaints have been echoed for some time in the kingdom , and gained steam when the Arab Spring began to sweep North Africa and the Middle East in 2010 and 2011 . Popular uprisings in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya have ousted longtime leaders from power . In the past two years , King Abdullah has fired four prime ministers . In February 2011 , shortly before Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was forced out of office following weeks of intense protest , the king dismissed his government and ordered "  genuine political reform , " the country 's royal court reported . But the king appears to be in a tough spot . Political reforms would mean taking power away from his base -- the Bedouin tribes , a group known as the East Bankers . On top of that concern , King Abdullah is also dealing with more than 200,000 Syrian refugees who have entered Jordan recently . Last Thursday , government spokesman Samih al-Maitah framed the king 's decision to dissolve parliament as part of his promised reforms . "  This was not a surprise decision , " al-Maitah said . He added that an independent commission to oversee upcoming parliamentary elections will ensure fairness . But the dissolution of parliament did n't stop the mass protest on Friday , which was organized by the Muslim Brotherhood . The religious and political group believes Islam is not simply a religion but a way of life . It advocates a move away from secularism and a return to the rules of the Quran as a basis for healthy families , communities and states . The Brotherhood has repeatedly called for political reform in Jordan . On Wednesday , a member of the Muslim Brotherhood 's political wing expressed hope for the new government . "  As far as we are concerned , we have no enmity toward any Jordanian person appointed by the king , especially for the appointment of the prime minister , " said Nimer Assaf , deputy general secretary for the Islamic Action Front . "  We do not look for names , we look for the deeds , and we hope that this next government will go ahead with reforms which the Jordanians have been asking for a very long time . "	Abdullah Ensour is Jordan 's new prime minister He must form a new government -- Jordan 's fifth in two years Protesters demand constitutional reforms , saying the king has too much power Muslim Brotherhood : We hope this next government will go ahead with reforms
CNN  -- Contraband alcohol is believed to have sickened at least seven Arizona inmates , who are receiving antitoxins for suspected botulism poisoning , officials said Tuesday . Pinal County communications director Heather Murphy said inmates began showing symptoms at the Arizona State Prison Complex Eyman in Florence . Four inmates become seriously ill Saturday . By Monday , seven inmates were in intensive care , all suffering from some form of paralysis , officials said . "  It is suspected that the inmates came in contact with the toxin from homemade prison ` hooch , ' made from fermented fruit , " said Murphy . An eighth inmate was transported for observation , but Murphy said "  his condition has not reached a threshold that the medical team and CDC believe antitoxin should be administered . " The affected pod houses about 15 inmates . Pinal County and state corrections officials were working to isolate and eliminate the source of the suspected botulism . Samples of the suspected contraband alcohol , often called "  pruno , " have been sent to the Centers for Disease Control of Prevention for testing . Results may take about a week . According to the CDC , botulism is "  a rare but serious paralytic illness caused by a nerve toxin " and can be fatal . Symptoms can include "  double vision , blurred vision , drooping eyelids , slurred speech , difficulty swallowing , dry mouth , and muscle weakness " in patients . Bill Lamoreaux , a spokesman for the state corrections department , said preventative measures will include educating prisoners about the dangers of contraband alcohol and searches to ensure it ca n't be manufactured or consumed . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Inmates become ill at Arizona state prison They are being treated for suspected botulism poisoning Officials believe prison "  hooch " is the culprit
CNN  -- English Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore has told CNN Sport that there is no chance of the top European clubs forming a breakaway league to rival the Champions League . The possibility of a breakaway league has been mooted for several years and earlier this week Barcelona president Sandro Rossell suggested that Champions League matches should be played at the weekend , with the top European leagues all being reduced to 16 teams to accommodate the fixtures . However , speaking exclusively to CNN Sport 's Don Riddell , Scudamore rejected any such notions and insisted that the Champions League will remain a midweek competition . "  A breakaway league is just not going to happen , " said Scudamore . "  What has been said has been said but I 'm not going to go along with the sentiment . "  In reality we have a Champions League , it 's a fantastic competition . Obviously there are some things the clubs would like to alter and ultimately discussions will take place and UEFA will do something to make sure things stay intact . " Scudamore added : "  But when it comes to ultimate football sanctions you just ca n't break away . The only reason the Premier League was formed was because it had the permission of our Football Association . "  They are the ultimate arbiters of football in this country and for anyone else to go and play unsanctioned competitions is unthinkable . UEFA would have to agree with what happened , so the idea that anybody in football can just break away and do what they want is just impossible . " And speaking specifically about Rossell 's comments , Scudamore continued : "  What he said was from a Barcelona-centric view . "  Our clubs will not be playing European football on a weekend . European football is a midweek competition , and domestic football is a weekend competition . " With six of the current top eight Premier League clubs now under foreign ownership , there has been talk the league might go the same way as American sport , with a franchise system and no promotion and relegation . However , Scudamore was quick to dispel any fears of this , saying : "  It does n't matter to us whether the owners are foreign or English , what matters to us is how they run their clubs . "  This idea that everyone who is a non-English owner is sat somewhere in a members club with these eight or nine other foreign owners , somehow with a common view , is nonsensical . " He added : "  The one thing I ca n't see changing is promotion and relegation . That 's the lifeblood of the whole league . "  Last season Wolverhampton Wanderers were bottom but they still ended up defeating Manchester United -- and there is no other league in the world when the bottom teams can be competitive with the top . It 's because they have to fight to avoid relegation . "	CNN Sport speaks exclusively to English Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore Scudamore reveals there is "  no chance " of top European clubs forming a breakaway league He also rejects Sandro Rossell 's recent comments about European matches on a weekend
CNN  -- A high-speed passenger train left its tracks on the outskirts of Split , Croatia , Friday , killing at least six people and injuring 45 , according to Croatian police . The high-speed train derailed on the outskirts of Split , Croatia , about noon on Friday . The train was on its way from the Croatian capital , Zagreb , when it derailed about 20 kilometers  12 miles  from it 's destination of Split about noon , said Marina Kraljevic-Gudelj , a spokeswoman for police in Split . "  This is a huge tragedy , so there is no place for speculation , " she said . Police had launched an investigation into the cause of the crash . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	High-speed passenger train leaves its tracks on the outskirts of Split , Croatia At least six people killed and 45 injured , according to police The train was on its way from the Croatian capital , Zagreb , to Split
CNN  -- When confronted by gruesome images of a man being beheaded by terrorists , what should you do ? News organizations have grappled with these kinds of questions for decades . Now , with the prevalence of social media , website operators and ordinary Internet users face the same question . On Tuesday , when ISIS published a video showing the murder of American journalist James Foley , most Western news outlets shunned the goriest portion of the video but chose to show still photos from the minutes before the beheading . Some commenters urged news outlets to exercise even more restraint and refrain from using the photos at all . That same dynamic played out on Twitter and Facebook , as well . As some users shared photos and links to the video , others exhorted them to share earlier photos of Foley 's life and links to examples of his reporting instead . It was almost as if users were collectively developing their own sets of standards . Kelly Foley , a cousin of the slain journalist , wrote on Twitter , "  Do n't watch the video . Do n't share it . That 's not how life should be . " But there 's a big difference between individual user decisions and institutional decisions by Twitter and YouTube . For the Web sites , blocking objectionable content is a form of editing . YouTube removes video The slickly-produced , high-definition video was originally uploaded to YouTube , but was taken off the site within a matter of hours . YouTube also sought to take down duplicates whenever they were posted . A YouTube representative said the site , owned by Google , has "  clear policies that prohibit content like gratuitous violence , hate speech and incitement to commit violent acts , and we remove videos violating these policies when flagged by our users . " "  We also terminate any account registered by a member of a designated Foreign Terrorist Organization and used in an official capacity to further its interests , " the representative added . Videos of ISIS executions are still accessible through other sites , however . One such site , LiveLeak , said Wednesday that it was "  currently experiencing an abnormally high volume of traffic . " Twitter suspends accounts Twitter faced similar issues -- and a tremendous amount of pressure from its users about the balancing act between freedom of expression and basic human decency . "  We have been and are actively suspending accounts as we discover them related to this graphic imagery , " Twitter chief executive Dick Costolo wrote in an early Wednesday morning post on the site . It all amounted to a particularly grotesque version of whack-a-mole . At one point Tuesday evening , simply tweeting the word "  beheading " resulted in replies from spam accounts that attached a photo of Foley 's severed head . Twitter briefly suspended the account of a journalist who shared photos of the beheading , but reinstated it later . Propaganda value of images CNN is not airing the video on television or online , but is showing stills from the minutes before the beheading and an audio clip from it . "  It 's news that the executioner 's accent may offer a hint about his identity , " CNN International anchor Jonathan Mann said in a television segment that explained the network 's decision-making . "  It 's news that may change what governments and armies do next . It 's news that other journalists will spread ... and that social media will spread without any journalists involved , no matter what we do . It 's news that extremists wanted us all to spread ... and they killed a man , at least in part , so that we 'd do it . " Mann added , "  What should we do ? We thought about it , and we hope we made the right choice . " The tabloid New York Post newspaper decided to go further , publishing on its front page a frame from the video that shows a terrorist beginning to cut into Foley 's head . The newspaper headline says "  SAVAGES . " Some Internet users subsequently suggested that the Post 's Twitter account should be suspended , too . The horrific case revived long-running debates about whether news coverage of a terrorist act gives the terrorists the publicity they seek . Many Internet users ' arguments against showing even still images from the Foley video cited the propaganda value of the video . One of the counter arguments is that people should see -- must see -- the atrocities . Some of the same debates took place in 2002 , after al Qaeda extremists beheaded the Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl and published the video on the Internet . Steve Goldstein , who was the head of corporate communications for the Journal at the time , said he had to "  urge the networks not to run the video . " In Foley 's case , he said , "  it 's good to see that the networks are acting so responsibly in this case by refusing to show this barbaric action . " Twitter removes images of beheading Beheading of American journalist James Foley recalls past horrors CNN 's Laurie Segall and Samuel Burke contributed to this report .	Images and videos of James Foley 's beheading are on the Internet Many media outlets , including CNN , are not showing the video Internet users and operators must decide how to deal with the video
MANAMA , Bahrain  CNN  -- Suryavathi Rao entered her 40th year in what can be called no man 's land . A protestor locked in a suitcase reading "  Stop Human Trafficking " in Germany last year . A domestic worker from India , she arrived at a shelter in the Gulf state of Bahrain one morning with only a nightgown , slippers , and a prayer for a better life . "  I had to leave because it was getting too difficult for me , " she said . "  I have not brought any clothes , I have not brought personal belongings , all I brought with me is a Bible . " Rao says her employer -- a family with eight children who sponsored her journey here -- did not pay her the monthly salary of just over $ 100 for six months . Having fled her employer 's home , she is now considered an illegal resident on the island . Marietta Dias , who runs the Migrant Workers Society , says the mind-set regarding immigrant workers here has got to change . Some employers treat their help as "  not a person but a machine  that  starts in the morning : Put on a switch  and  work consistently right through the day . Take care of the children , washing , cleaning , cooking , right down to cleaning  the  car . " The exploitation of workers is a huge business worldwide . People forced to work without pay collectively lose more than $ 20 billion a year in earnings , according to a report from the United Nations International Labour Organization released Tuesday . Global profits from human trafficking and forced labor have reached $ 36 billion , according to the United Nations , and that sum is climbing . "  Forced labor is the antithesis of decent work , " ILO Director-General Juan Somavia said in a statement as the report became public . "  It causes untold human suffering and steals from its victims . " "  It is the vulnerable who suffer the most " in times of economic crisis like the present , the report says . It took years for governments to acknowledge the problem . Now the biggest challenges , officials say , are the implementation and enforcement of laws . "  Eighty percent of forced labor is in the private economy , but this is very , very rarely been prosecuted , if at all in most countries , " said Roger Plant , one of the authors of the ILO report . Part of the problem is that the law is often hazy . "  There 's a whole lot of gray areas where intermediate agents , sub-brokers , are taking advantage of loopholes in the law in order to extract large amounts of money from vulnerable people , uninformed  people  who are going off to work in a country where they do n't speak the language , " Plant said . But for him , the bottom line is clear . "  There is some absolutely flagrant forced labor where the offenders must be put behind bars . Forced labor is a serious criminal offense and must be treated as such , " he said . Labor markets need a regulatory overhaul like the one financial markets are now facing , he argued . "  Because labor markets are too deregulated there are too many options for people to act in an unethical way , " he said . "  After the havoc in the financial markets , people are realizing they need some monitoring , licensing , regulation . You 've got to do the same on the labor markets , " he said . The ILO tried to set standards for private agencies that place workers , he said . "  But we 're finding is that there is a number of totally unknown , unlicensed and unregulated labor workers at the bottom end of the market , and there is broker after broker , intermediate after intermediate getting cash -- getting some money from the worker , " he said . "  Usually it is in the very much down the bottom in the informal sector , in the developing countries , but we are finding that sometimes this is pervading even larger recruitment agencies . " Bahrain , where Suryavathi Rao fled her employer , is considered a reformer on labor issues . The Gulf state has introduced the Labour Market Regulatory Authority to register and track workers of all types . "  People were not familiar with the definition of human trafficking and most of the time they were n't accepting that is phenomena is actually here in our region , " Abdulaziz bin Mubarak Al-Khalifa of the country 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said . A top priority is to reduce the role of middlemen who take sizable fees -- sometimes a year 's salary plus interest , he said . But worldwide , prosecutions are comparatively rare , said Antonio Maria Costa , under secretary-general of the United Nations . "  Only a few thousand people were criminalized in the underworld in the past 2-3 years -- a fraction of the criminals who actually prey upon victims . " The average , according to labor officials , is one prosecution for every 800 cases -- a rate that keeps workers like Suryavathi Rao , and millions more , vulnerable to exploitation .	Global profits from human trafficking , forced labor reach $ 36 billion , U.N. says Eighty percent of forced labor is in private economy , says ILO report author Bahrain has introduced the Labour Market Regulatory Authority to register workers Bahrain Foreign Ministry : Top priority is to reduce role of middlemen
Northern Syria  CNN  -- Undeterred by a wave of casualties , Syrian rebels say they will not back down in their quest to seize Aleppo , the country 's commercial hub and its second-largest city . After six days of fighting , the battle with government forces raged again Thursday as helicopter gunships flew over the city , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . At least one rebel fighter was killed , the group said . "  They do n't seem to have the kind of weapons necessary , " New Yorker reporter Jon Lee Anderson told CNNI 's "  Amanpour " from Aleppo about the rebels who , he said , believe the battle to be a decisive one . "  If Bashar al-Assad ca n't dislodge them from Aleppo , then it 's over for him . So they have to fight to the death . " A rebel commander north of Aleppo told CNN he was sending 300 more fighters to bolster forces in Aleppo . The commander said the rebels were on the offensive in Aleppo , where 18 of 22 rebel brigades were located . In preparation for a fresh onslaught expected after Friday prayers , rebels were setting up medical clinics in apartments and homes throughout the city , he said . The seat of al-Assad 's power also saw renewed violence Thursday as explosions rocked Damascus , another opposition group said . Read more : Does U.S. have plan for post-Assad Syria ? Regime forces battled rebels in several Damascus neighborhoods , and the Palestinian refugee camp of Yarmouk came under "  fierce helicopter shelling with machine guns , " the Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The LCC reported dozens of dead and wounded in shelling by regime forces in the capital city 's suburb of Yalda , and in bomb attacks in the Mashtal district of Damascus . The death toll for Thursday across Syria reached 200 , including a number of children , women and defectors , the LCC said . Forty-eight died in Aleppo , 46 in Damascus and its suburbs ; 30 in Daraa ; 27 in Idlib ; 21 in Homs ; 14 in Deir Ezzor ; six in Hama ; four in Raqqa , two in Latakia , one in Qunaitera and one in Hasaka , it said . The LCC said Thursday marks the first time since the start of the uprising in March 2011 that Aleppo has led in the number of deaths in a single day across Syria . Some of those killed in the Al-A ` ajamy Valley were defected soldiers seeking "  to save civilians fleeing from shelling , " the group said . Video posted on YouTube appears to show youths demonstrating in the central Damascus neighborhood of Qanawat . "  The people united , will never be divided , " they chant in English . "  The Syrians united , will never be defeated . " And , "  Hey Bashar , damn your soul . Hey Bashar , damn your soul . " Rebel militias are composed largely of soldiers who have defected from the Syrian military . But there are also many civilians -- including students , shopkeepers , real-estate agents and even members of the president 's ruling Ba'ath party -- all trying to end four decades of al-Assad family rule . Read more : Faces of the Free Syrian Army A Sunni cleric in the village of Injara , about six miles west of Aleppo , showed CNN craters and gaping holes in at least six homes , the result of what he and other residents said were rockets and artillery from a Syrian army base a couple of miles away . "  They hit us every night , " Sheikh Ali Bukhro said . Other residents said they had had neither electricity nor running water in more than a month . Some men said they had sent their families to refugee camps in Turkey , where more than 40,000 Syrian refugees have taken shelter . In Washington , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said U.S. officials had "  grave concerns " about the situation in and around Aleppo and Damascus . "  This is the concern : That we will see a massacre in Aleppo -- and that 's what the regime appears to be lining up for , " she told reporters . Given that China and Russia have vetoed attempts by the Security Council to act , "  we have to double our efforts with like-minded nations outside of the U.N. system , " she said . "  This is a horrific situation , this is abhorrent what this regime is willing to do against its own people . We have to call it out , we have to do what we can to strengthen the opposition for the day after . We have to do what we can in coordination with others in the international community . " The British ambassador to the United Nations said reports of warplanes over Aleppo were especially concerning . "  The reports now of attacks by regime fighter jets in Aleppo mark yet a further dangerous escalation and underlines that there are no boundaries that the Assad regime will not cross in the misguided hope that it can resist the will of its people and hang on to power , " British Ambassador Mark Lyall Grant told the U.N. Security Council on Wednesday . Thursday 's front page of Syria 's pro-regime newspaper al Watan carried the headline "  Aleppo ... the Mother of all Battles . " WMD threat ` demands a response ' For his part , al-Assad sent a congratulatory message Tuesday to Kim Jong Un , the recently installed supreme leader of North Korea , the state-run KCNA news agency reported Thursday . "  I would like to express my deep thanks to Your Excellency , the leadership of the DPRK and the friendly Korean people for having rendered support and encouragement to our just cause against the moves of the world powers to interfere in our internal affairs , " it said . Meanwhile , Herve Ladsous , the under-secretary-general for peacekeeping operations , told reporters Thursday in Damascus that half of the 300 U.N. observers sent to Syria in April have been sent home , but are prepared to return should circumstances change . "  And that is our sincere hope , " Ladous told reporters . The decision was made after "  we found ourselves with too many people with not enough to do , " he said . The monitors ' mission was suspended in June , when officials deemed it too dangerous for them to continue their work . They remained in Syria prepared to resume their efforts to monitor compliance with a six-point peace plan brokered by U.N. and Arab League joint special envoy to Syria Kofi Annan once the conditions changed . Ladsous was not optimistic that would happen soon . "  Unfortunately , as of today , I can not say that we see many indications that a decrease in violence will happen overnight . I say again , Syrians killing Syrians is something that should not continue . " As the violence spirals , many civilians have become internally displaced or fled over the border and fears of sectarian conflict have grown . Asked Thursday if Ankara was considering establishing safe zones in northern Syria to counter any threat to Turkey 's security from the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan was noncommittal but said officials were discussing their options . "  It is out of question that we would allow a terrorist organization to be based in northern Syria and become a threat to our country , " he said in televised remarks . "  All of these are among alternatives -- safe zone , buffer zone or camps such as the ones we have now -- all of these are among alternatives , " he said . "  Our Foreign Ministry , armed forces , intelligence organizations are working on this , and decisions or steps that will need to be taken will be taken when the time comes . " Turkey and the United States consider the PKK a terrorist group . Speaking Thursday at a memorial to those who died in the Srebrenica massacre in the Balkans in the 1990s , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged the Syrian government and the opposition forces to cooperate with the United Nations in ending the conflict . The U.N observer mission in Syria has been unable to do its job "  because of the noncompliance of the parties -- the government parties and also opposition forces , " he said . The six-point peace plan must also be implemented "  without further delay , " he said . Waving the ` red flag ' on arming Syria 's opposition "  At this time again I am urging all the parties : They must stop fighting and killing people now . They have to begin political dialogue for a political resolution of this crisis , " Ban said . After 16 months of chaos , more officials from al-Assad 's regime have resigned . The opposition Syrian National Council said Wednesday that two senior Syrian diplomats were the latest to defect . One was the Syrian ambassador to the United Arab Emirates , Abdullatif Al Dabbagh , SNC spokesman George Sabra said . The second is Al Dabbagh 's wife , Lamia Al Harriri , who was a Syrian envoy to Cyprus . She defected to Qatar , SNC member Najy Tayyarah said . Al Harriri is also the niece of Syrian Vice President Farouq Al Sharea . But on Thursday , a Syrian official downplayed the reports of recent defections . Read more : A Syrian town 's ` Street of Death ' Syrian Foreign Ministry spokesman Jihad Makdissi said Dabbagh "  was called to Damascus for consultations with the minister and has been off duty ... since June 4 . " In addition , Makdissi said , Al Harriri has never been a Syrian ambassador . "  She is a diplomat who was tasked with managing affairs on behalf of the embassy charge d'affaires pending the appointment of an ambassador . " Read more : Amid violence , Syrians race to borders The Syrian crisis started in March 2011 , when a government crackdown on peaceful protesters morphed into a nationwide uprising against the regime . The LCC says more than 16,000 people have been killed in the conflict . The U.N. secretary-general said this week that almost 17,000 people have died . The United Nations refugee agency says it has registered more than 120,000 refugees in neighboring Turkey , Jordan , Lebanon and Iraq . CNN 's Ivan Watson reported from northern Syria ; Holly Yan reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Yesim Comert , Yousef Rafayah and Richard Roth also contributed to this report .	200 people have been killed across Syria on Thursday , an opposition group says Turkey 's prime minister says it is considering plans for a buffer zone in northern Syria Helicopter gunships flew over Aleppo and Damascus , opposition activists say "  They must stop fighting and killing people now , " U.N. secretary-general says
Nyakagyezi , Uganda  CNN  -- Visiting his former village in rural Uganda , Jackson Kaguri was the epitome of a success story . He had escaped poverty , earned a college degree and moved to America , where he studied at an Ivy League school and planned to put a down payment on a house in Indiana . He 'd often come back to Uganda , passing out school supplies to children . But on one particular trip home in 2001 , he realized he had to do more . "  We woke up in the morning , and grandmothers had lined up all around the house , stretching way back . ... The whole village had gathered , " Kaguri said . "  All these women walked miles and miles . It was huge . " UNICEF estimates that 1.2 million children in Uganda have lost one or both parents to AIDS-related illnesses , and Kaguri said it 's often grandmothers who have to pick up the slack . "  You see the grandmothers over and over whose own children have died and left them , " he said . "  Some of them have up to 14  grandchildren  to raise in their homes . Sometimes the child has HIV/AIDS , they need medication . The grandmother needs food . They need a house . And nothing is there . " The grandmothers who gathered in Kaguri 's childhood village begged Kaguri to help them . And he felt an obligation to give more than just pens , pencils and paper . "  These are women who had seen me grow up in the village , " he said . "  They carried me when I was hurt , they prayed for me when I was away studying . What was I supposed to do ? " Knowing that education had been so key to his success , Kaguri and his wife decided to use their life savings to start a free school in the village . They purchased two acres of land and built the Nyaka School , brick by brick , with the help of local volunteers . When the school officially launched on January 2 , 2003 , 56 AIDS orphans were the first students . "  We provide them uniforms . We provide them pencils . We give them shoes , " said Kaguri , 41 . "  Everything we give ... is to try and eliminate as many obstacles as possible , so children can be successful and focus on education . " Early on , it was noticed that many children in the school were falling asleep because of hunger and malnutrition . So the school began providing students two meals a day . There is also a medical clinic on site . Meanwhile , Kaguri continued to raise money for the project while he worked full time in the United States . When he learned that a child had walked more than 30 miles to attend the school , he started a second school , the Kutamba School , in the village of Nyakishenyi . Today , between the two schools , there are 587 students -- kindergarten through 12th grade -- receiving a free education and health care . Nearly all of them have lost either one or both parents to AIDS-related illnesses . The issue hits especially close to home for Kaguri , who has lost his brother , one of his sisters and a 3-year-old nephew to the disease . Kaguri says he felt fortunate to have the financial means to help his brother 's children financially , but in many similar cases , children end up homeless . "  Many of them are on the streets in Kampala eating from the dust bins , " Kaguri said . "  You see all these street children because they have no one to help them . " It 's these children Kaguri says he thinks about as he raises funds and awareness for his schools . "  We  take care of nearly 600 children in school , " he said . "  That leaves all these children who are walking around without an opportunity to get an education , to get health care , to get a meal to eat or even to get somebody to say , ' I love you . ' " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes Of the students at his schools , Kaguri estimates that 65 % of them are being raised by their grandmothers , many of whom are often without adequate health care , finances or basic housing . So in 2008 , he started a program that offers support and education to the nearly 7,000 area grandmothers who are raising their grandchildren . The program teaches the women practical life skills , offering advice on parenting , grief management , basic medical care , gardening and business development . Kaguri says that by giving grandmothers access to microfunds , allowing them to start small businesses and make money , more children have access to an education . And by giving seeds to the grandmothers to grow , more children have access to food . Grandmothers "  are the pillars in the society , holding the society together , " he said . "  They are unsung heroes that people do n't recognize . " Every grandmother in the program , Kaguri said , has received some form of training or household equipment to improve their life . And his organization has also opened a library , started a gardening program and installed a clean-water system to benefit the entire village . Kaguri , whose organization is based in Michigan and is funded by individual donations and private foundations , spends much of his time fundraising , speaking and raising awareness . He travels to Uganda about three times a year . He hopes this younger generation will lift the country out of poverty and create a better future for their families and communities . He says he dreams about building a school in every district in Uganda . "  I want to be an uncle for many so we can create other children who would be successful and do great things , " he said . "  It 's giving them a hand up , just holding somebody 's hand , trying to get  them  out of the pigeonhole they are in . ... "  I feel humbled looking in the faces of the children smiling , focused on what their dreams are going to be . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Nyaka AIDS Orphans Project website at www.nyakaschool.org and see how to help .	It 's estimated that 1.2 million children in Uganda have lost a parent to AIDS-related illnesses Jackson Kaguri opened a school in his former village to help many of these children Kaguri is also supporting area grandmothers who have been raising them Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has refuted allegations that he paid prostitutes to attend parties he hosted at his various homes . Last month it was announced Silvio Berlusconi and his wife Veronica Lario are to divorce . In an interview with Italian magazine "  Chi , " the 72-year old denied he had ever paid for sex . " I 've never paid a woman . I never understood where the satisfaction is when you 're missing the pleasure of conquest , " Berlusconi told Chi . According to Italian press agency ANSA , Berlusconi accused Patrizia D'Addario -- the woman who alleges she was paid to spend the night with the premier in November -- of being involved in a plan to make up false accusations against him . D'Addario last week told an Italian newspaper that a local businessman now being probed by magistrates paid her $ 1,000  $ 1,408  to attend a dinner at Berlusconi 's Rome residence along with other young women -- what she described as a "  harem " -- and she was back a few weeks later to spend the night with the premier , Reuters.com reported . But Berlusconi told Chi : " Behind the  investigators '  probe in  the southern city of  Bari there 's someone who gave Ms D'Addario very detailed and very well paid orders . ' " Do you think the allegations against Berlusconi affect his ability to govern ? When asked if he suspected D'Addario was "  setting a trap " for him , he replied : ` If I did I 'd leap a thousand miles away . " Berlusconi 's private life has been in the spotlight since his wife , filed for divorce in May following reports that her husband went to the birthday party in Naples of an 18-year-old girl . The prime minister denied having an inappropriate relationship with the girl . Berlusconi and Veronica Lario have been married for 19 years . Earlier this month , Spanish newspaper El Pais published what it said were five exclusive photographs of racy parties at Berlusconi 's villa on the island of Sardinia . The photos , including one which showed scantily clad women , were blocked from use in Italy by a judicial order after Berlusconi complained of an invasion of privacy . The three-time prime minister 's public life has been no less controversial . While campaigning for local elections in Sardinia in January , Berlusconi was asked by reporters to comment about an interior ministry proposal to deploy troops on city streets after a series of sexual assaults on women . "  We ca n't think of deploying a large force , " Berlusconi said . "  We would have to send as many soldiers as there are beautiful girls . And I do n't think we would manage . " Watch more on the scandal surrounding Berlusconi " After being accused of ignoring the seriousness of sexual violence , he said he meant his remarks as a "  compliment " and noted that "  women have to be defended . " In another controversial comment , during the run-up to the 2008 Italian general election , Berlusconi claimed right-wing female politicians were better looking than their left-wing counterparts . In an interview with CNN recently , the former media tycoon said he now felt his job was a burden . "  I 'm still doing everything that I 'm doing with a great sense of sacrifice . I have to tell you I do n't like it . Absolutely . I would rather be doing what I was doing before or doing something else now , " he said . "  I 'm here because unfortunately right now Berlusconi is considered the only leader capable of holding the center-right together . Despite the swirl of scandal Berlusconi remains popular , consistency scoring approval ratings of more than 60 percent . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	72-year old denies paying for sex in interview with Italian magazine Chi Berlusconi accuses model Patrizia D'Addario of being paid to spread accusations Berlusconi and wife Veronica Lario to divorce after 19 years of marriage Despite the swirl of scandal Berlusconi remains popular in Italy
CNN  -- After meeting a number black couples in crisis , Nisa Muhammad and Dr. Rozario Slack were inspired to create Basic Training for Couples . Nisa Muhammad , who founded National Black Marriage Day , co-created the Basic Training for Couples program . The eight-week program educates dating , engaged or married couples about the value of commitment , responsibility to the black community , psychological differences between the sexes , sexual intimacy and conflict resolution . Slack created the male-friendly portion while Muhammad , who founded National Black Marriage Day and the Wedded Bliss Foundation , created the female-friendly portion . In the program , couples also learn about the history of the African-American marriage and many for the first time plot their own family tree to trace marriage and divorces . The following is rundown of the eight-week course : Class No. 1 : Why marriage ? This class teaches the benefits of marriage for men , women , children and the community . It gives the history of marriage in the black community from slavery when marriage was illegal to today 's trends . Icebreaker : Q & A : How couples met ? Homework : 1 . Choose songs to reflect their love for each other 2 . Marriage family tree Class No. 2 : From I to we ; the sweetness of surrender This class helps couples transition from "  I thinking " to "  we thinking . " It helps them understand the value of making their marriage a priority in their lives . Class No. 3 : Communication ; getting your message understood This class helps couples take responsibility for their communication and teaches skills to improve their communication techniques . Main lessons :  Respecting differences between men and women  Learning to talk to each other and not at each other  Format : Teaching session with dialogue .  Activity : The talking stick , during conversation only the individual holding the stick can speak . Class No. 4 : Conflict management This class helps couples understand that conflict needs to be managed , or it will manage you . It helps to normalize some conflict that couples experience with the understanding that some conflict can not be resolved and can only be managed . Lessons :  This class targets biases . When there 's a difference of opinions , generally the stronger spouse wants his or her way .  How to bring closure to old issues instead of combining them into new issues/conflict .  Agree to disagree and not degrade your spouse for having a difference of opinion . Activity : Break up into gender groups to discuss current conflicts . The group works out ways to solve the issue Class No. 5 : Let 's make love When the sex is good in a marriage , it 's only about 20 percent of what 's going on . When it 's bad , it 's a significant problem . This class helps to solve some of those problems . The approach was from a physiological and biological perspective of the differences between the male 's and female 's body . Discussion included chemical bonding effect in women and men . Class No. 6 : From yours and mine to ours Many couples in the black community bring children from other relationships to their marriage . This class helps to blend the family into one cohesive unit . It also talks about preventing in-laws from becoming outlaws . Class No. 7 : Keeping the FIRE burning FIRE is an acronym for Faithful , Intimacy , Responsibility and Excitement . This class helps couples maintain the FIRE in their relationship . Class No. 8 : From this day forward This class helps couples understand the value of commitment in their marriage and never to make divorce an option . They create their own place for success . Recap of all the lessons together :  Remembering people gravitate to the applause  Ways to appreciate and affirm your spouse  Setting time for just the two of you  Learning to communicate , getting your message heard and understood Bonus class : Hot monogamy Gets couples comfortable to discuss sex with their spouse . Graduation A ceremony of new beginnings , couples testify what the class brought to their marriage over the eight-week period . Lots of emotions and bonding during this time between husbands and wives . Graduating couples are encouraged to bring a couple from their community or family who needs help .	Nisa Muhammad and Rozario Slack created a Basic Training for Couples The eight-week program helps dating , engaged and married couples stay on track Unhealthy relationships give kids inaccurate views of marriage , says Muhammad
CNN  -- A top United Nations official acknowledged Friday that the earthquake relief operation in Haiti was not progressing fast enough . "  You ca n't snap your fingers and make it happen just by magic , " U.N. Emergency Relief Coordinator John Holmes said . But he promised , "  We will do it , slowly and surely . " In an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Holmes said , "  We have blockages at different points or bottlenecks of different points . The airport , coming in -- not as many planes as we 'd like to get in there because of the landing blockages . It 's happening , but it 's happening not as fast as we would like . " Referring to the slow pace of aid deliveries , Holmes added , "  We 've got to unload it , get it into warehouses , then get it into trucks , then get it to distribution points , and then start to distribute it . " "  There 's a huge effort going in from huge numbers of countries and aid organizations , but it 's not so visible on the ground because you ca n't quite get it there . " Get the latest developments in Haiti Holmes said it was key to dig out survivors from ruined buildings as soon as possible . "  There are something like 27 search-and-rescue teams now either on the ground or on their way , and that 's beginning to make a difference , " he said . "  Of course , with every day that passes , we know that the chances of finding somebody alive diminish , but that effort must continue , and we must continue to try and look after the injured . " Impact Your World New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly , who was in Haiti just before the earthquake and served there in the mid-1990s , also emphasized the importance of saving the lives of people who are trapped and injured . "  I think there 's still an opportunity even though it 's almost 72 hours . I think that 's got to be job number one , " Kelly told Amanpour . As far as aid distribution is concerned , Kelly said it was essential to move supplies from the airport into Port-au-Prince as fast as possible . "  It 's about five miles for the most part , but it 's a tough five miles . The roads are not good . Perhaps the helicopters from the USS Carl Vinson are going to be used to do precisely that . " The USS Carl Vinson , an U.S. Navy aircraft carrier , has recently arrived off the coast of Haiti with a fleet of 19 helicopters and several tons of aid . Holmes expressed concern about the losses faced by the Haitian National Police during the earthquake . He said 300 officers died when the main police commissariat collapsed . "  It 's not surprising they have n't been able to recover from the blow . But the prime minister , the president , are functioning now , and the ministry of interior . " He said so far it has been reasonably calm in Haiti . But the U.N. has thousands of police and soldiers in the country , and they will be able to maintain law and order with the help of American troops if necessary , Holmes said . "  It 's really a peaceful country . I think it 's gotten a bad reputation for certain outbreaks that did happen , " Kelly said . "  The people are in desperate straits . But I think everyone will be surprised at just how peaceful and orderly it will be . "	U.N. Emergency Relief Coordinator John Holmes : Hard to get aid in Problems include : Roadblocks , bottlenecks Key : Dig out survivors quickly New York City Police Chief : 300 Haitian police die in quake
Leave it to Kanye . The hip-hop mega star may have had the last word of 2014 . In the waning hours of the year , he released a new song that 's sure to get folks talking . Just not for the reasons we 've come to expect from Kanye West . In place of his usual bombast , "  Only One " boasts a spare arrangement . In it , an AutoTuned Kanye tenderly sings from the perspective of his late mother as she looks down from the heavens and addresses him . "  Hello my only one , just like the morning sun / You 'll keep on rising till the sky knows your name , " the song 's chorus goes . In it , the mother says she talked to God who sent down angels for Kanye . "  You asked for one and you got two " -- a reference to his wife , Kim Kardashian , and their daughter , North . The song ends with the refrain , "  Tell Nori about me . " Nori is North 's nickname . Oh , did we mention , the single also features Paul McCartney . "  Paul played the piano , " tweeted Mike Dean who produced the song . The single is now available on iTunes .	The song boasts a spare arrangement Paul McCartney plays piano on the track , West 's producer says
CNN  I still remember sitting on the set of "  Crossfire " that day in 2004 as the floor manager counted down to blastoff . I was thinking : "  Jon Stewart , wow . I hope Diane is watching . " My wife , truth be told , rarely watched "  Crossfire , " but she rarely missed "  The Daily Show . " By the time Stewart finished disemboweling my show , I was hoping she was n't watching . From my perspective , the show that day was a debacle . I was unprepared for the onslaught since Stewart had recently been on "  Hannity & Colmes "  Fox News ' truly awful knockoff of "  Crossfire "  , and had not attacked that show at all . But he had a different agenda this day . I thought his charge that a 30-minute debate show was "  hurting America " was fatuous . But I love direct confrontation  obviously  . And I was not defensive because , as a former senior White House official , I know that being a cable TV host would never be the most important thing I do in my career . So I was actually interested in hearing Stewart 's full critique of "  Crossfire . " I heard that full critique eventually , but the audience never did . The show went off the rails and Stewart , who began by denouncing our hostile environment , was within minutes calling Tucker Carlson "  a dick . " So he never got to deliver his thoughtful , insightful criticism of our show -- until after the cameras were turned off . When the show ended , Stewart and his executive producer , Ben Karlin , sat with me and "  Crossfire 's " executive producer , Sam Feist , for 90 minutes . We had the kind of thoughtful , respectful dialogue that our audience deserved but never got . It has been 10 years , and I do not have contemporaneous notes . And , as we have been reminded recently , memory is a tricky and unreliable resource . Still , this is what I remember from our chat : Stewart thought it was absurd to pretend every issue could be reduced to a forced choice between the right and the left . I thought that was a good point . Some issues have seven sides , but better to air two than none . How Jon Stewart changed politics Then he said we deliberately booked the show to provoke division . Guilty . A discussion of religion , for example , would feature a debate between , say , the Revs . Jerry Falwell and Al Sharpton , when the truth is most believers fall somewhere in between . His criticism stung because I agreed this was a major shortcoming of our program . Stewart 's third point , though , is where we parted company . I asked him how he would organize a show like ours . He suggested that , on Social Security , for example , rather than two opposing politicians , we should get the nation 's foremost expert -- say , from Harvard -- and ask him or her what should be done to shore up our retirement system . I told him that was silly , forgetting that this is precisely what he tries to do with his "  Daily Show " interviews . This is not sophomore philosophy , I told him . There is no objective , Platonic truth . Some people , like me , believe retirement should be partly socialized . Others , such as Tucker Carlson , believe in a purely private system : If you do n't save for your own retirement , your neighbor has no obligation to bail you out . Both arguments have roots in the American spirit : We are at once wonderfully communitarian and intensely individualistic . I felt then -- and now -- that rather than pretend there is not a major philosophical difference , or that there is one objectively perfect solution , we should debate our policy options vigorously . Jon Stewart 's top 5 political moments I still think Stewart 's version of politics is naive . Washington is not -- and should not be -- the Holland Tunnel , where each side each takes a turn . Giving John Boehner control of the House on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays , and Nancy Pelosi the gavel on Tuesdays and Thursdays would be madness . The Founders designed the system to create conflict : that 's why we have three equal branches of government , each checking the other . And yet Stewart did have a point about excessive partisanship . He called me a hack -- which I am , if by "  hack " you mean someone who is a true believer in a particular political worldview . I believe deeply in the Democratic Party 's vision for America -- and yet I also believe there is a time for bipartisan cooperation , and was proud to work for President Bill Clinton as he pursued many bipartisan efforts . Then and now I believed we needed more partisanship , not less , in the run-up to the Iraq War . I was a vociferous , bitter opponent of George W. Bush 's war . What hurt America is that too few people were yelling about the looming disaster ; too many were cowed into going along with the bipartisan consensus that we should send other people 's sons and daughters to fight against a country that posed no threat to America . I am proud I was a loud voice of opposition . As I recall it , Stewart heard me out earnestly . Despite the televised food fight we 'd just been in , he was gracious and respectful , curious and thoughtful . As he got up to leave , he left us with this moment of Zen : "  Imus came to Washington and bashed you guys , and he got like 300 new stations . So I think this will work out for me . " It did . It also worked out for me . CNN canceled "  Crossfire " but has kept me on as a contributor , a role that I prefer . It gives me far more freedom than "  Crossfire " did . Rather than always narrowly toeing the party line , I am more free to criticize my people , for example , when President Barack Obama failed to go to the Mexican border to see the child immigration crisis firsthand . I have not spoken to Jon Stewart since that day . I ran into him in a hotel lobby once , and he darted away like he 'd seen a ghost . When I had a book I wanted to plug on his show , he would n't take my call . But I have remained an avid fan of "  The Daily Show , " and will miss his searing , satirical wit . Even though he no doubt ca n't stand me , I stand by my introduction of Stewart that day on "  Crossfire " : He is both the smartest funnyman on TV and the funniest smart man on TV .	Paul Begala co-hosted show where Jon Stewart launched attack on "  Crossfire " He says Stewart shared a thoughtful critique of show after the cameras stopped
CNN  -- The presidents of Harvard and Yale universities have expressed interest in ROTC programs after Congress voted to repeal the military 's controversial "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy that has banned openly gay and lesbian service members . The universities ' statements come five months after Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan , then a Supreme Court nominee , came under criticism by Republican senators who complained that she actively tried to block military recruiters from Harvard Law School when she was dean because of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . Kagan and the White House have strongly defended her actions , saying that while she opposed the military 's policy , Kagan never kept recruiters off the university . Four months after taking the job as Harvard 's dean , in October 2003 , Kagan offered students her thoughts in a campus-wide e-mail , saying that to give recruiters equal access to the campus "  causes me deep distress . I abhor the military 's discriminatory recruitment policy . " She called it "  a profound wrong - a moral injustice of the first order . " In a written statement , Harvard President Drew Faust called the act to repeal "  do n't ask , do n't tell " a "  historic step . " "  It affirms American ideals of equal opportunity and underscores the importance of the right to military service as a fundamental dimension of citizenship , " Faust said . "  I look forward to pursuing discussions with military officials and others to achieve Harvard 's full and formal recognition of ROTC . I am very pleased that more students will now have the opportunity to serve their country . " Yale University President Richard C. Levin said in a written statement that Yale is "  eager to open discussions about expanding opportunities for students interested in military service " and will discuss the matter with the faculty of the college in the spring semester . "  Meanwhile , I have asked General Counsel Dorothy Robinson , Secretary Linda Lorimer and Yale College Dean Mary Miller to consult with officials in Washington early in the new year to determine the military  s interest in establishing an ROTC unit at Yale , " Levin said . "  We are very hopeful that these discussions will enable us to begin a new chapter in the long history of Yale 's support of the U.S. Armed Services . " President Barack Obama will sign the repeal on Wednesday morning , the White House has said , setting the stage to allow gay people to serve openly in the military . But the changes are n't expected to take effect for at least a few months . The Pentagon has an 87-page implementation plan for the repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " Over the next several weeks , military officials need to examine and rewrite a series of policies , regulations and directives related to the current law . Once that potentially lengthy process is complete , Obama , Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen will each have to certify that the repeal can move ahead without negatively affecting unit cohesion and military readiness . After the certification , another 60 days will need to pass before the repeal is officially enacted . Even after the repeal , gay and lesbian service members will not have every right and privilege accorded to heterosexual members of the military , largely because of the federal Defense of Marriage Act . A Pentagon study released this month concluded that allowing openly gay or lesbian troops to serve in the military would have little lasting impact on the U.S. armed forces . Opposition to the change was much higher in Army and Marine combat units than in the military as a whole . CNN 's Bill Mears , Barbara Starr , Larry Shaughnessy and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Congress votes to repeal the military 's policy banning openly gay and lesbian members Harvard president : "  It affirms American ideals of equal opportunity " Yale is "  eager " to open talks about expanding opportunities for students interested in military service
CNN  -- Tonga 's king is giving up most of the near-absolute power that his family has held for centuries in the South Pacific nation , the country 's news agency reported Monday . The royal dynasty currently headed by King George Tupou V was founded in 1845 . King George Tupou V will let the prime minister guide the day-to-day governmental affairs , Tonga Now reported . He will continue to hold on to judicial powers , including the ability to appoint judges and commute prison sentences . George V , 60 , announced his plans as the country prepares a days-long coronation ceremony that begins Friday . The decision , he said , is meant to prepare the country for parliamentary elections in 2010 . Tonga , with a population of 119,000 , is the only monarchy that remains in the Pacific . Currently , the king appoints the prime minister and 12 to 14 Cabinet ministers . Noble families choose nine others . Voters elect just nine . "  He  is voluntarily surrendering his powers to meet the democratic aspirations of many of his people , " the news agency said . "  They see Tonga 's royal heritage as integral to the country 's culture and identity , but favour a more representative , elected Parliament . The king agrees with them . " Tonga has for years promised to pave the way toward a democratically elected parliament , but reforms have been slow in coming . George V ascended to the throne after the death of his father in September 2006 , and promised to speed up the changes . Two months later , a pro-democracy rally in the capital city of Nuku'alofa led to riots that left eight people dead and the central business district in ruins . Closing a session of Parliament a week later , the king said , "  Let us rebuild a new capital and a new Tonga . " The announcement , the news agency said , is part of that promise . Already this year , two other countries saw the end of monarchy . In March , Bhutan held elections that ended more than 100 years of royal rule in the South Asian nation and transformed it into a democracy . Two months later , neighboring Nepal declared itself a republic following the elections for a new Constituent Assembly that abolished a 239-year monarchy . Tonga is an archipelago of 171 islands directly south of Western Samoa . Less than a third of the islands are inhabited . The present dynasty was founded in 1845 after the Tongan islands were first united .	New Tongan king , George Tupou V , to give up most of near-absolute powers King to let prime minister guide South Pacific nation 's day-to-day affairs Decision to pave way for parliamentary elections in 2010 Tonga , population 119,000 , is the only monarchy in the Pacific region
CNN  -- More than a week after the swine flu outbreak rattled the world , with cases of infected people popping up from Mexico to South Korea , the new virus strain has shown up in a herd of swine . Masked workers push food to a sealed-off hotel in Beijing where Mexican nationals are being quarantined . The catch , Canadian officials say , is that the animals may have caught the flu from a human . Canadian officials are quarantining pigs that tested positive for the virus -- scientifically known as 2009 H1N1 -- at an Alberta farm in what could be the first identified case of pigs infected during the recent outbreak . They said the pigs may have been infected by a Canadian farmer who recently returned from a trip to Mexico , the epicenter of the outbreak that has sickened more than 680 people . The farmer "  may have exposed swine on the farm to an influenza virus , " said Dr. Brian Evans of the Canadian Food Inspection Agency . "  We have determined that the virus H1N1 , found in these pigs , is the virus which is being tracked in the human population , " he added . Learn about the virus " Evans and other officials said it is not uncommon for flu viruses to jump from humans to animals and that it does not pose a risk for consuming pork . The number of pigs infected was not disclosed . The infected farmer had flu-like symptoms and is recovering , Evans said . Meanwhile , as the number of confirmed swine flu cases reached 787 worldwide , the World Health Organization said Sunday it had started distributing 2.4 million doses of a common anti-viral drug to 72 nations . So far , 17 countries have confirmed cases of swine flu , the WHO said . Watch latest developments as swine flu sweeps world " Dr. Michael J. Ryan , the WHO director of its global alert and response team , said the doses of the drug Tamiflu came from a stockpile that was donated by Swiss health-care giant Roche in 2005 and 2006 . Roche said it was working with the WHO to prepare for the virus . The drug should be taken within 48 hours of experiencing symptoms , according to the drug 's Web site . Mexico has the most confirmed swine flu cases , with 506 infected people and 16 deaths , the WHO said . Mexican Health Minister Jose Angel Cordova Villalobos reported that the country has confirmed 421 cases and 19 deaths . Several other countries , including Canada and Italy , had confirmed additional cases that had not yet been added to the WHO 's total . The United States has the second-highest number of confirmed cases , with 160 sickened and one death , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the WHO . President Barack Obama spoke with Mexican President Felipe Calderon on Saturday afternoon to discuss both countries ' "  efforts to limit the spread of the 2009 H1N1 flu strain and the importance of close U.S.-Mexican cooperation , " the White House said in a statement . Other than Mexico and the United States , the WHO confirmed cases in 14 other countries : Canada , with 70 ; the United Kingdom with 15 ; Spain with 13 ; Germany with six ; New Zealand with four ; Israel with three ; France , with two ; and Austria , China , South Korea , Denmark , the Netherlands , Switzerland and Costa Rica , each have one . See where cases have been confirmed " Ryan said the WHO was still preparing for a pandemic . "  At this point we have to expect that phase six will be reached , " he said , referring to the organization 's highest pandemic threat level . "  We have to hope that it is not reached . " And he noted that a pandemic describes "  the geographic spread of the disease , not its severity . " The latest developments come as parts of Asia discovered they were not immune to the spread of the virus . Hundreds of guests and staff were under quarantine in China after health officials determined that a hotel guest had contracted the H1N1 virus . Nearly 200 hotel guests and 100 staff members were ordered to stay in Metro Park Hotel in Hong Kong for seven days to stop the spread of the H1N1 virus , a government spokesman said . The quarantine was ordered after a 25-year-old Mexican man stayed in the hotel and became sick , according to the spokesman . It is the first confirmed case of the virus in Hong Kong , local medical officials said . South Korean officials on Saturday confirmed their first case -- a 51-year-old nun who recently traveled to Mexico for volunteer work .	Pigs in Canada may be first in recent outbreak to test positive for virus One-third of 160 sick Americans visited Mexico or had contact with visitor WHO reports 787 confirmed cases of H1N1 virus in 17 countries
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Teodoro "  El Teo " Garcia Simental , one of Mexico 's most wanted drug traffickers , was arrested Tuesday , Mexican and U.S. authorities said . The capture of the high-level drug trafficker comes on the heels of successful military operations against another cartel last month . Mexican federal police , assisted by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , made the arrest in the city of La Paz , Mexico , the capital of the state of Baja California Sur , DEA spokesman Michael Sanders said . Garcia Simental was a top lieutenant of the Tijuana cartel until he defected to the rival Sinaloa cartel after a power struggle . "  He is one the most notorious drug lords and was on a list of the Top 24 drug traffickers in all of Mexico " said another DEA official , who asked not to be identified because officials were still gathering preliminary information . Authorities presented Garcia Simental , together with another man captured in the raid , Diego Raymundo Gutierrez Gomez , to the media in Mexico City on Tuesday . Garcia Simental is accused of more than 300 murders , most of them since he split from the Tijuana-based Arellano-Felix organization in April 2008 , Federal Police Section Chief Ramon Eduardo Pequeno said . One of his jobs for the Arellano-Felix cartel was disposing of bodies , Pequeno said . Garcia Simental is accused of disposing of 300 body parts by dipping them in acid , Pequeno said . Once he split from the Arellano-Felix cartel , Garcia Simental continued to operate a drug trafficking organization in Tijuana with the help of rival cartels . The Sinaloa cartel and the Michoacan , Mexico-based La Familia cartel supplied Garcia Simental 's group with drugs , which he would smuggle into the United States , Pequeno said . This splintering of the Tijuana cartel was a cause of much of the violence seen in the border city since 2008 , he said . Tuesday 's arrest was the result of more than five months of intelligence operations , Pequeno said . There was a reward of up to 30 million pesos  U.S. $ 2.4 million  for Garcia Simental 's capture . CNN Justice Producer Terry Frieden in Washington contributed to this report .	Teodoro "  El Teo " Garcia Simental one of Mexico 's most wanted , it says Garcia Simental is accused of more than 300 murders He is accused of disposing of body parts by dipping them in acid , police say
CNN  -- The Super Bowl XX champions Chicago Bears -- regarded as one of the most colorful teams in NFL history with players nicknamed "  The Fridge , " "  Da Coach , " "  Sweetness , " and a punk quarterback -- has been invited to the White House next month to make up for a visit that was canceled 25 years ago , a White House official told CNN Thursday . As it turns out , President Barack Obama , who is from Chicago 's South Side , happens to be a big Bears fan . The team will visit Washington on October 7 , the official said . The Bears ' initial post-Super Bowl visit to the White House was canceled because the space shuttle Challenger exploded just two days after the January 1986 victory . The nation went into mourning over the seven-member crew 's deaths . The Bears posted a 15-1 record that season and are regarded as one of the most dominant teams to win the Super Bowl . What endeared the team to many fans , however , were the team 's colorful personalities -- perhaps too colorful because the Bears never became the dynasty that many had expected . An attendee list was n't immediately available , but the 1985 team roster included such prominent members as coach Mike Ditka , whose Midwest provincialism inspired a "  Saturday Night Live " skit with catchphrases such as "  Dit-Ka " and "  Da Bears " delivered in ice-hard Chicago accents ; Jim McMahon , often dubbed the "  punk quarterback ; " the 350-pound-plus lineman William "  The Fridge " Perry ; and erstwhile all-time NFL rushing leader Walter "  Sweetness " Payton , who died of cancer in 1999 . Considered a die-hard Bears fan , the president said it was difficult to host the Green Bay Packers at the White House in August to celebrate their Super Bowl victory last February . Bears vs. Packers is one of the NFL 's most intense rivalries . Both play in the NFC North , nicknamed the league 's bruising "  Black and Blue " division . "  This hurts a little bit . This is a hard thing for a Bears fan to do . It does n't hurt as much as the NFC Championship game hurt -- but it still hurts -- you guys coming to my house to rub it in , " Obama joked while honoring the Packers in August . "  What are you going to do , go to Ditka 's house next ? " The Bears lost to Green Bay in the NFC Championship game last season , and the Packers advanced to the Super Bowl .	The Super Bowl XX champs Bears will visit the White House on October 7 Oh , by the way , President Obama is a Bears fan The original post-Super Bowl visit was canceled due to the Challenger explosion
Get dialing for your reservation now : Noma in Copenhagen has been named the world 's best restaurant at a ceremony revealing the planet 's top 50 dining venues . To raucous cheers , high fives , hugs and kisses , team Noma took to the stage in a packed London venue in jubilant scenes that would n't be out of place at the World Cup in Brazil later this year . Noma 's top honor in the prestigious San Pellegrino World 's 50 Best Restaurant Awards -- viewed as the Oscars of fine dining -- was the fourth win for minimalist Danish pioneer of foraged menus . The award was presented late Monday at a ceremony in central London attended by some of the world 's leading chefs . "  It 's too  expletive deleted  crazy ! " said Noma 's head chef , Rene Redzepi , picking up the award . "  Thank you for believing in us . "  In the last year  after the restaurant was awarded second place  my staff and I looked into each others ' eyes and said ` let 's just really really work hard . ' We made a plan and said ` let 's make this the best year we 've ever had . ' " "  But to have this is a whole surprise , none of us expected it . " The list , now in its 12th year , is dominated by European venues , but there were prizes for restaurants from around the world , including Asia 's first top 20 entry . The biggest climber was Lima , Peru , restaurant Central , which jumped from No. 50 last year to No. 15 this year . The highest debut entry was Gaggan from Bangkok , which came in at No. 17 . Highly influential There were few changes in the list 's top 10 . Last year 's winner , Spain 's El Celler de Can Roca , was bumped to second place , with Italy 's Osteria Francescana holding steady at number three . Despite the repeat victory for Noma , it 's still yet to match the record of Spain 's El Bulli , which claimed four successive wins before head chef Ferran Adria closed its doors in 2011 . Other winners in the top 10 were , in fourth place New York 's Eleven Madison Park , followed by Spain 's Mugaritz , Brazil 's D.O.M. , London 's Dinner by Heston Blumenthal , Spain 's Arzak , Chicago 's Alinea and The Ledbury , another London restaurant . Noma , which celebrates its 10th anniversary this year , was praised for its "  fresh approach and energy . " The restaurant 's menu serves diners with a series of "  snacks " largely sourced from the Nordic landscape -- dishes that include sea urchin toast and a beef tartar that includes ants . Most of the winners -- a total of 28 -- were from Europe , with Spain claiming seven top 50 positions . Nahm , a Thai restaurant in Bangkok that earlier this year was named Asia 's best , made it to number 13 in the list -- the region 's highest entry . Organized by UK-based Restaurant Magazine and sponsored by Italian drinks manufacturers San Pellegrino and Acqua Panna , the awards are seen as highly influential in the fine dining industry . Noma 's first win in 2010 is credited with catapulting the restaurant to international stardom . Reputedly , the day after winning , it received enough online reservations to fill its 45 seats for a decade -- thankfully , it only takes bookings for a few weeks in advance . Some observers say the awards now hold greater sway over a restaurant 's financial success and bookings than coveted Michelin star rankings , often transforming them into major travel destinations . ` Beauty contest ' "  This is the big one , " contest chairman Richard Vines told CNN ahead of the awards . "  Although you can argue about the list , everyone wants to be on it . " Vines said the list is n't a rival to Michelin 's "  systematic " assessments , describing it as a spontaneous "  beauty contest for restaurants . " The list was decided by votes compiled from 900 restaurant industry figures . The winning names were closely guarded ahead of this year 's ceremony after details were leaked prior to announcement in 2013 . British chef Fergus Henderson received a lifetime achievement award at this year 's event . Henderson 's St. John restaurant in London has championed "  nose-to-tail " eating that utilizes every part of an animal . San Pellegrino World 's 50 Best Restaurants for 2014 1 . Noma , Copenhagen , Denmark 2 . El Celler de Can Roca , Girona , Spain 3 . Osteria Francescana , Modena , Italy 4 . Eleven Madison Park , New York 5 . Dinner by Heston Blumenthal , London 6 . Mugartiz , San Sebastian , Spain 7 . D.O.M. , Sao Paulo , Brazil 8 . Arzak , San Sebastian , Spain 9 . Alinea , Chicago 10 . The Ledbury , London 11 . Mirazur , Menton , France 12 . Vendome , Bergisch Gladbach , Germany 13 . Nahm , Bangkok 14 . Narisawa , Tokyo 15 . Central , Lima , Peru 16 . Steirereck , Vienna 17 . Gaggan , Bangkok 18 . Astrid y Gaston , Lima , Peru 19 . Fviken , Jrpen , Sweden 20 . Pujol , Mexico City 21 . Le Bernardin , New York 22 . Vila Joya , Albufeira , Portugal 23 . Restaurant Frantzn , Stockholm 24 . Amber , Hong Kong 25 . L'Arpege , Paris 26 . Azurmendi , Larrabetzu , Spain 27 . Le Chateaubriand , Paris 28 . Aqua , Wolfsburg , Germany 29 . De Librije , Zwolle , Netherlands 30 . Per Se , New York 31 . L'Atelier Saint-Germain de Joel Robuchon , Paris 32 . Attica , Melbourne , Australia 33 . Nihonryori RyuGin , Tokyo 34 . Asador Etxebarri , Atxondo , Spain 35 . Martin Berasategui , Lasarte-Oria , Spain 36 . Man , Sao Paulo , Brazil 37 . Restaurant Andre , Singapore 38 . L'Astrance , Paris 39 . Piazza Duomo , Alba , Italy 40 . Daniel , New York 41 . Quique Dacosta , Dnia , Spain 42 . Geranium , Copenhagen , Denmark 43 . Schloss Schauenstein , Frstenau , Switzerland 44 . French Laundry , Yountville , California 45 . Hof Van Cleeve , Kruishoutem , Belgium 46 . Le Calandre , Rubano , Italy 47 . The Fat Duck , Bray , UK 48 . The Test Kitchen , Cape Town , South Africa 49 . Coi , San Francisco 50 . Waku Ghin , Singapore One to Watch Restaurant : Saison , San Francisco Best Restaurant in Africa : The Test Kitchen , Cape Town , South Africa World 's Pastry Chef : Jordi Roca , El Celler de Can Roca , Girona , Spain Sustainable Restaurant Award : Azurmendi , Larrabetzu , Spain Best Restaurant in Australasia : Attica , Melbourne , Australia World 's Best Female Chef : Helena Rizzo , Mani , Sao Paulo , Brazil Chef 's Choice Award : Alex Atala , D.O.M. , Sao Paulo , Brazil Highest Climber : Central , Lima , Peru Highest New Entry : Gaggan , Bangkok Best Restaurant in Asia : Nahm , Bangkok Lifetime Achievement Award : Fergus Henderson , St. John , London Best Restaurant in South America : D.O.M. , Sao Paulo , Brazil Best Restaurant in North America : Eleven Madison Park , New York	San Pellegrino World 's 50 Best Restaurant Awards seen as Oscars of fine dining industry Noma returns to top place , knocking last year 's winner , Spain 's El Celler de Can Roca , into second Awards are now viewed by some as more influential than coveted Michelin stars
CNN  -- Football fans traveling to Ukraine for this summer 's European Championships have been warned they will face a "  criminal " police force mired in so many abuse scandals that their behavior threatens to ruin the showpiece tournament . The Amnesty International report "  Ukraine : Euro 2012 jeopardised by criminal police force " details how Ukraine 's security forces have been implicated in numerous cases of torture and extortion in cities due to host matches . According to the report , one recent case in the western city of Lviv -- where Germany , Portugal and Denmark will play -- details how two men were beaten , robbed and then imprisoned by six police officers after a disagreement in a bar . Prosecutors originally refused to open a criminal case until CCTV footage emerged of the incident after one of the men 's lawyers gave an interview to a local TV station . "  The Ukrainian government must take action now to stop widespread police criminality , " said John Dalhuisen , Amnesty International 's director for Europe and Central Asia . "  Failure to do so will encourage them to continue acting as a law unto themselves and put Euro 2012 fans in danger from a force that is out of control . " Tens of thousands of fans from across Europe are expected to arrive in Ukraine next month when the tournament -- which is being co-hosted with neighboring Poland -- begins on June 8 . Despite huge investment in the country 's transport infrastructure , Ukraine has struggled in the run up to the tournament . Stadium delays had initially put the country 's hosting of the tournament in jeopardy but now new problems have emerged . Hotel prices during the tournament have risen so sharply due to profiteering that Michel Platini , head of European football 's governing body UEFA , was unusually critical when visiting Ukraine last month for the opening of a new airport terminal . "  It 's annoying to have made a lot of investment and then say to people that they ca n't come because there are bandits and crooks who want to make a lot of money during this Euro , " he told the assembled press in Lviv . Security concerns were raised when multiple bombs exploded in the city of Dnipropetrovsk , close to Donetsk where England will be playing some of their matches . More than 20 people were injured in the blasts . The authorities have so far blamed criminal gangs rather than terrorists for the attack . And the tournament received more bad publicity when several European leaders suggested they might boycott the event in protest at the treatment of former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko . Tymoshenko , the face of the Orange Revolution that swept Ukraine in 2004 and 2005 , has been in prison since last year on charges that she abused her powers while in office . Her supporters believe the charges are politically motivated . The current Ukrainian president is Viktor Yanukovych who lost power during the Orange Revolution . Tymoshenko would have been a potent foe in next October 's parliamentary elections . The government deny that there is any political motivation in her jailing but the former prime minister has alleged that she has been beaten whilst in prison and has gone on hunger strike to secure what she says is urgent medical care . Herman Van Rompuy , president of the European Union , Jose Manuel Barroso , president of the European Commission , and the governments of Austria and Belgium have all said they will not be attending any matches in Ukraine in protest .	Amnesty International label Ukrainian police ` criminal ' ahead of Euro 2012 Say that ` out of control ' police could jeopardize the tournament Security concerns raised after multiple bomb attacks near host city European leaders boycotting matches over treatment of former Ukrainian PM
Days after a very public termination from the Current TV network , controversial on-air personality Keith Olbermann admitted he "  screwed up , " in an appearance on "  The Late Show with David Letterman " Tuesday evening . "  I screwed up really big on this , " the former "  Countdown " host conceded . "  It 's my fault that it did n't succeed , in the sense that I did n't think the whole thing through . " However , the transient host 's admission of guilt was not without a backhanded analogy . "  If you buy a $ 10 million chandelier , you should have a house to put it in , " Olbermann said . "  Just walking around with a $ 10 million chandelier is n't going to do anybody a lot of good " -- a comparison that invited Letterman to quip , "  You 're the chandelier ? " Letterman also presented Olbermann with an adjustable business card that could switch out Olbermann 's various former employers . Current TV 's co-founders , including former Vice President Al Gore , announced March 30 that the network was ousting its highest-profile on-air personality , Keith Olbermann . "  Current was ... founded on the values of respect , openness , collegiality and loyalty to our viewers , " Gore and Joel Hyatt wrote in an "  open letter " to viewers on the network 's website . "  Unfortunately these values are no longer reflected in our relationship with Keith Olbermann , and we have ended it . " Olbermann responded sharply in a series of Twitter messages on the day of his dismissal , saying that for more than a year he had been "  imploring " Gore and Hyatt "  to resolve our issues internally . " He did not specify what those issues were . "  Nevertheless , Mr. Gore and Mr. Hyatt , instead of abiding by their promises and obligations and investing in a quality news program , finally thought it was more economical to try to get out of my contract , " the left-wing news personality wrote . "  It goes almost without saying that the claims against me in Current 's statement are untrue and will be proved so in the legal actions I will be filing against them presently , " Olbermann added , vowing later that the "  truth of the ethics " of Gore and Hyatt eventually "  will come out . " Besides its statement , Current TV offered no further comment . This marks the second time in 15 months that Olbermann has abruptly left a news network . In January 2011 , he cut ties with MSNBC after eight years . In that time , the former sports news anchor became a favorite of progressives for challenging rivals at Fox News and elsewhere . But he also faced criticism and publicly aired his frustrations with NBC 's management . The 53-year-old was suspended from MSNBC for two days after the news website Politico revealed he had made donations to three Democrats . Weeks after leaving MSNBC , Olbermann inked a deal with Current Media , a company founded by Gore and Hyatt . Besides hosting and producing his new prime-time nightly news and commentary show , Olbermann was named Current Media 's chief news officer and had an equity stake in the company . He relaunched his signature "  Countdown " show in June , showcasing a host of liberal-leaning guests and the return of his "  Special Comment " segment . In his Twitter statement Friday , Olbermann said his decision to join Current was "  sincere and well intentioned ... on my part , but in retrospect a foolish one . " "  That lack of judgment is mine and mine alone , and I apologize again for it , " he wrote . His immediate replacement in the network 's 8 p.m. slot will be former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer , Gore and Hyatt announced . Spitzer hosted a prime-time CNN show from September 2010 until July , when "  In the Arena " was canceled as part of an evening lineup shuffle . He had resigned as New York 's governor in 2008 after it was revealed that he visited a high-priced prostitute . He joins a network -- whose current president , David Bohrman , was CNN 's former Washington bureau chief -- that is available via cable or satellite TV in 60 million U.S. households and in an additional 11 million internationally , according to Current 's website . The network notes that it has won two Emmys , a Peabody award and various other honors .	Keith Olbermann says , "  I screwed up , " referring to his short stint at Current TV The left-wing news personality hits Current TV 's founders and promises legal action Current 's "  values " were "  no longer reflected " in its tie with Olbermann , its founders say Eliot Spitzer is launching a new show in Olbermann 's 8 p.m. slot
CNN  -- The latest round of Champions League matches finds a string of top European managers on the verge of being dumped out of the competition - a failure that could cost them their job . Bayern Munich boss Louis Van Gaal and Rafael Benitez at Liverpool are staring an early exit in the face after a disastrous run of results , while Manuel Pellegrini at Real Madrid and even Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho are in danger of crashing out of the money-spinning tournament at the first hurdle . So how do coaches cope with the unique pressure that comes with a high-profile job in football , and are the skills needed to be successful in soccer applicable to other areas ? Andy Barton , a mental performance consultant at The Sporting Mind clinic , says the first , and fundamental , characteristic all proficient gaffers need is self belief . "  All the top managers have different styles but the common denominator is the confidence they have in themselves , " he said . "  You need a true understanding of the game but also people . You need an ability to motivate players to get them geed up just to the right level , you need to know that certain people need a certain kind of attention . " The skill-set top level coaches display can be adapted to almost any workplace , Barton claims . "  In business , you need to be able to man-manage and inspire people , set goals for them , help them overcome obstacles , give them self-belief and to give them a kick up the backside when they need it . There are a lot of parallels between high-level sports coaching and people who are successful in a business environment . " Barton says the beautiful game has recently woken up to the benefit that sports psychology can offer , and the key to success is to keep things simple . "  You have to concentrate on the moment , one game at a time or one half at a time . If a coach is thinking two games ahead or about the consequences of winning or losing he 's not going to be effective . If coaches ca n't get themselves in the right frame of mind they 're not going be able to do it to their players . " The mind games between coaches can be fascinating viewing for fans , but Barton says the verbal volleys are becoming an increasingly important part of the game . He points to Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez and his infamous rant about Alex Ferguson , the manager of rival side Manchester United . Benitez convened a press conference where he criticized Ferguson 's supposed "  arrogance " in wanting match-scheduling and refereeing to suit his team in England . "  When Benitez attacked Ferguson it bounced off as if nothing happened and had a really detrimental effect on Benitez . He appeared agitated , frustrated and stressed . Ferguson just swatted him away as if he was an annoying fly . That suggests Ferguson feels far more in control and that 's going to ripple down to his players - they feel more confidence because their coach seems the more dominant of the two . " Barton also stresses the importance of touchline body language as a measure of control for managers , and the trust they must have in their players to carry out their demands to the letter . "  Players do respond to body language , " he added . "  Jose Mourinho has very positive body language , even when he was sitting back with his arms round the back of the chairs . It 's something that says to the players "  I 'm in control . " "  But trust is very important too . If you do n't trust your players you 're probably not going to get that much out of them anyway , so you do have to get to that level where you can let them get on with it . " Andy Barton is a mental performance consultant at The Sporting Mind clinic .	Sports psychologist Andy Barton says self-belief is key for any manager Alex Ferguson is a master of the mind game , according to Barton It is vital under-fire managers take one game at a time , he says Inter boss Jose Mourinho provides a great example of positive body language
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban -- under pressure in fighting with the military -- said Tuesday it wants to return to a peace deal that recently collapsed . The fighting in the Swat Valley region has forced thousands of civilians to abandon their homes . That collapse sparked the ongoing massive military operation , a Taliban spokesman said Tuesday . Taliban militants in Swat Valley have announced that they are willing to disarm if the Pakistani government allows sharia , or Islamic law , to be implemented in the region , a spokesman for Taliban mediator Sufi Mohammed said . The government rejected the offer , saying the Taliban must pull out of Swat or face arrest , state information minister Syed Sumsam Ali Shah Bukhari said Tuesday . According to Bukhari , the offer shows that the Taliban 's morale is down and they are retreating . The lastest round of fighting has killed an estimated 1,100 Taliban militants and 75 Pakistani security personnel , Pakistan 's military said Tuesday . Another 226 Pakistani security personnel have been wounded , the military said . Watch journalists tour of the Swat Valley battlefront " Mohammed negotiated the previous deal between the Taliban and the government , which called for the same arrangement . That deal fell apart because the Taliban refused to disarm and moved into the Buner district , located outside of the region that the government allowed them to control . The government has said it will only allow sharia if it does not contradict Pakistan 's constitution . There are many interpretations of Islamic law , but the Taliban 's version has curbed human rights , forcing women indoors , men to grow beards , and shops to stop selling movies and music . The military operation against the Taliban in northwest Pakistan has resulted in the exodus of more than 2.4 million civilians since May 2 . The United Nations estimates that it 's the biggest movement of people in Pakistan since the country was formed in 1947 . It is also believed to be the fastest population flight in the world since the Rwandan genocide in 1994 .	Pakistani Taliban says it wants to return to peace deal that recently collapsed Spokesman says they want return to sharia law in return for peace Fighting has seen more than 2.4 million people register as displaced persons
London  CNN  -- Six months ago , a winning ticket was bought for the Euromillions lottery draw in or near the English town of Stevenage , north of London . But the jackpot -- a sizable # 63.8 million  $ 103 million  -- has never been claimed . And whoever holds the golden ticket has only until 11 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  Wednesday to claim their prize , or the whole sum will go to charity . The search for the unknown winner has gripped the centuries-old town of 84,000 , as well as the smaller neighboring town of Hitchin . Euromillions , which said the ticket was bought in the Stevenage and Hitchin area , has made repeated appeals to try to find the missing ticket-holder . A billboard campaign has even been run in a central square in Hitchin , an old market town . Whoever it was matched all five numbers , 5 , 11 , 22 , 34 and 40 , and the Lucky Star numbers -- 9 and 11 -- in the Friday , June 8 , draw . A Euromillions press statement attempts to jog the memory of the ticket holder , who it suggests may have come from the area or stopped off while driving through . "  Britain was gripped by Olympics fever , with the Games just seven weeks away , and the Queen 's birthday celebrations had seen the Royal Flotilla on the River Thames just the weekend before , " it says . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	The winning ticket was bought in the Stevenage and Hitchin area , north of London The ticket-holder has only hours left to claim a $ 103 million jackpot The money will go to charitable causes if left unclaimed The draw was made on June 8 , soon after Queen Elizabeth II 's diamond jubilee celebrations
President Barack Obama says his feelings are n't hurt by Democrats who do n't want to campaign side-by-side with him because those candidates are "  strong allies and supporters of me " when casting votes in Congress . "  The bottom line is , though , these are all folks who vote with me . They have supported my agenda in Congress , " Obama said on Al Sharpton 's radio show Monday , ticking off measures like a minimum wage increase , equal pay , investments in infrastructure and early childhood education . "  So , this is n't about my feelings being hurt , " he said . "  These are folks who are strong allies and supporters of me . And I tell them , I said , ` You know what , you do what you need to win . I will be responsible for making sure that our voters turn up . ' " His comments were similar to ones he made at Northwestern University earlier this month -- which Republicans immediately plugged into campaign ads . Those comments , former White House adviser David Axelrod said , were a political mistake . Obama 's remarks could harm endangered red-state Democrats and offer a boost to Republicans who need to capture six seats to gain control of the Senate for the President 's final two years in office .	Obama says "  these are all folks who vote with me " President made comments on Al Sharpton 's radio show
CNN  -- Hawaii 's Governor Neil Abercrombie said the tsunami has caused tens of millions of dollars in damage and he plans to visit some of the damaged areas Tuesday . The tsunami that devastated Japan brought powerful waves to the Hawaii islands last week . Abercrombie has signed a "  state of disaster proclamation " because of the damage . The proclamation will allow the state to get federal funds .	Hawaii 's governor says he will tour damaged areas Governor is seeking federal funds to help rebuild
Los Angeles  CNN  Police in California are pleading for help from the public in the investigation into the shooting of three people and the death of a baby who was later found in a dumpster . Long Beach Police Chief Robert Luna admits that investigators do not have enough information to answer the key questions in the case , but are confident that witnesses can fill in the gaps . Three-week-old Eliza Delacruz was abducted from a home in Long Beach on Saturday night after her mother , father and uncle were shot . The baby 's body was found the next day , more than 100 miles away , in a strip mall dumpster in Imperial Beach . "  We need to get the coward who committed this violent , senseless act off the street , " Luna said at a news conference Monday . "  Somebody , somewhere , saw what happened , and we need you to come forward . " The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors approved Tuesday a $ 25,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of anyone involved in the infant 's death . "  I made this motion in collaboration with the Long Beach Police Department to support their aggressive work to bring to justice the person  s  who committed this heinous crime , " Los Angeles County Supervisor Don Knabe sad in a statement . "  We are asking anyone who has any information to please come forward -- they can remain anonymous . " Police are working the leads they have , Luna said . They are interviewing family members and neighbors , and reviewing surveillance footage from the strip mall where Eliza 's body was found . But , he added , investigators need help . "  As we stand here as police officers , unfortunately we deal with tragedies , but nothing as horrendous as a child -- a baby for that fact -- being taken from her home and then be left in the trash dumpster , " he said . "  We really , really need your help . " Authorities told CNN that the attacker may have known the family . A transient searching for recyclables found the dead baby in the dumpster and alerted the owner of a business , CNN affiliate KGTV reported . Meanwhile , two of the shooting victims remain in critical condition at an area hospital , police said , and a third has been treated and released . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed from Los Angeles .	County board establishes a $ 25,000 reward for tips leading to conviction in case Three-week-old Eliza was found dead after being abducted Her mother , father and uncle were shot at a home in Long Beach
CNN  -- The New York Police Department announced Monday it will no longer confiscate unused condoms as evidence in some prostitution-related offenses , according to a press release from the department . The new policy will allow condoms to be held with other personal property that is returned when individuals have been released from custody on cases of prostitution and loitering for the purpose of prostitution , according to Det. Cheryl Crispin , a department spokeswoman . Condoms will still be confiscated and invoiced by police in other prostitution-related arrests , such as promoting prostitution and sex trafficking , according to the release . A suspect having condoms in his or her possession was a factor in determining if probable cause existed , according to the Sex Workers Project , a group that provides legal and social services to people who engage in sex work . The new policy , which was intended to ensure public health while maintaining effective criminal investigations , was implemented after the department collaborated with public health officials , community-based advocates and other city officials , according to Police Commissioner William Bratton . "  I think it 's the right thing to do , " Mayor Bill de Blasio said at a news conference Monday . "  A policy that actually inhibits people from safe sex is a mistake and dangerous . " "  We are happy that this policy has been announced and we think it is an important step in the right direction , " Sienna Baskin , co-director of the Sex Workers Project , told CNN . "  Unfortunately , we do n't think it goes far enough or solves all the problems . " Baskin said that her organization is concerned that condoms may still be confiscated in certain situations and that police will continue to use the possession of condoms to justify an arrest . The group has been advocating a change in the condom confiscation policy for many years . A 2010 report by the New York City Department of Health , which was released by Human Rights Watch , found that 57 % of sex workers surveyed had had condoms taken away by a police officer . In addition , 33 % of sex workers reported that they had not carried condoms at one time because of fear of trouble with police , according to the report . "  This policy opens the door for individuals in prostitution to stop risking their health for fear of carrying condoms , " Sonia Ossorio , president of the Nation Organization for Women , said in the department 's press release . "  It 's every individual 's right to be able to protect their health and this policy shift under the new NYPD leadership goes a long way to protect their health and this policy shift ... goes a long way in furthering sound public health policy , " said Ossorio . CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	The New York Police Department wo n't take condoms in some prostitution arrests The new policy is aimed at protecting public health , the department says A suspect having condoms was used for probable cause , Sex Workers Project says As a result , some sex workers did not carry the protection , advocacy group says
CNN  -- One of the main opposition videographers in Homs was killed on Tuesday as the Syrian city experienced its heaviest day of bombardment , residents and activists told CNN . "  Rami al-Sayed was crucial in getting the truth out through his videos posted on the Internet , " said Omar Shaker , a friend and a volunteer at Homs Media Center , a media group set up by activists to share information and videos about the city 's Baba Amr neighborhood . "  We will really miss him , especially the medical team who relied on him to document all the civilian injuries and deaths on video , " he added . Doctors struggle to save wounded children Al-Sayed 's own fatal injuries were also apparently recorded on Tuesday as his brother and a physician mourned his death at a mosque 's basement . The video was later uploaded to Al-Sayed 's YouTube channel . See Al-Sayed 's YouTube channel In the video , Dr. Mohammed al-Mohammed stands by al-Sayed 's dead body and says , "  I want to bring you the latest news , the martyrdom of one of the most important cameramen and one of our most important journalists in Baba Amr . " "  He kept bleeding here in the field hospital for more than three hours ; we tried to evacuate him outside the neighborhood but to no avail , " al-Mohammed added . Health workers set up underground network The 27-year-old was hit by rocket shrapnel as he tried to help a family flee bombardment , residents told CNN . "  Rami was killed because he was documenting and sending real-life stories from Baba Amr . Rami was killed because he was filming the facts ; but we will have 1,000 Ramis . ... Our revolution will prevail , " the doctor said as the camera zoomed in on shrapnel wounds on al-Sayed 's chest , abdomen and legs . The video-sharing site Bambuser released a statement Tuesday mourning al-Sayed 's death , also referring to him as "  Syrian pioneer , " his nickname on various social media outlets . "  Rami Ahmad al-Sayed has been one of the bravest and forefront fighters in getting the world 's attention on what 's going on in Homs , Syria . This afternoon , cameraman and journalist Rami Ahmad al-Sayed did his last broadcast -- he and his three friends were soon after this killed by the Assad armed forces , " the statement said . U.S. calls for international action on Syria CNN was unable to independently verify the circumstances of al-Sayed 's death . His last message to followers on Twitter was : "  Baba Amr is facing genocide right now . I do not want people to simply say our hearts are with you ! We need actions . We need campaigns everywhere inside Syria and outside Syria . We need all people in front of all embassies all over the world . In a few hours there will be no place called Baba Amr and I expect this to be my last message . No one will forgive you for just talking without any action ! " Al-Sayed , who had lost a cousin and a fellow videographer in December , is survived by his wife and an 18-month-old daughter . CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	Rami al-Sayed , 27 , was hit by shrapnel and killed Tuesday , witnesses say He "  was crucial in getting the truth out though his videos , " a friend says A video posted on YouTube shows a doctor and al-Sayed 's brother grieving over his body
CNN  -- A new era in space exploration dawned Tuesday as a slender rocket shot into the dark Florida sky before sunrise , carrying the first private spacecraft bound for the International Space Station . "  We 're now back on the brink of a new future , a future that embraces the innovation the private sector brings to the table , " NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said . "  The significance of this day can not be overstated . " The unmanned SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasted off from Cape Canaveral , Florida , at 3:44 a.m. , carrying 1,300 pounds of food , clothing and scientific experiments on a demonstration mission to gauge the company 's ability to safely and efficiently deliver supplies to astronauts staffing the orbiting station . Opinion : Private space travel -- A new era begins ? If successful , the test could open the door to a wave of commercial exploitation of space . Tuesday 's launch marks the culmination of six years of preparation to bring commercial flights to the space station following the retirement of NASA 's space shuttle fleet last year . It 's backed by entrepreneur Elon Musk , the founder of PayPal . Stellar week for SpaceX founder Elon Musk "  Every bit of adrenaline in my body released at that moment , " Musk said of the launch , in a statement released by NASA . "  People were really giving it their all . For us , it was like winning the Super Bowl . " The rocket launched without a hitch following a flawless countdown that came three days after a faulty valve on one of the rocket 's engines forced a last-second postponement . Its solar array panels deployed later Tuesday . At 180 feet tall and 12 feet in diameter , the Falcon 9 rocket is tiny in comparison to the football-field-long Saturn V rockets that carried Apollo spacecraft into orbit . It carries the company 's Dragon cargo capsule capable of carrying 13,228 pounds of supplies into orbit , the company said . The capsule is scheduled to perform a series of maneuvers that should bring it within reach of the space station 's robotic arm on Friday . If NASA gives the go-ahead , the crew will use the arm to attach the capsule to the station and begin unloading supplies , according to SpaceX . It will remain attached to the station for two weeks before it plummets back into the atmosphere and splashes into the Pacific Ocean off the California coast , according to SpaceX . Read more about the launch on CNN 's Light Years blog The cargo manifest for the trip includes 674 pounds of food , clothing and miscellaneous supplies , 46 pounds of supplies for use in science experiments , 271 pounds of cargo bags for use in future flights and 22 pounds of computer equipment . It will return with science experiments , hardware and used gear . Cremated human remains were placed in the second stage of the Falcon and will orbit the Earth . Celestis Inc. charges families $ 2,995 to launch 1 gram of remains in this type of memorial spaceflight . NASA 's Internet tool SkyWatch is providing information on viewing the Dragon from Earth . The cargo capsule will continue its orbit Wednesday as it travels toward the space station . The launch is an important step for NASA and the United States , which currently has no means of independently reaching space . NASA relies on the Russian space agency to ferry U.S. astronauts to orbit . "  What 's really important is not control , as much as it is the fact that the United States will once again be in the lead , will be providing our own vehicles to take our own astronauts and cargo to the International Space Station , " Bolden said . "  It 's fine to rely on partners , but that 's not where the greatest nation in the world wants to be . " White House science adviser John P. Holdren also hailed the launch . "  Every launch into space is a thrilling event , but this one is especially exciting because it represents the potential of a new era in American spaceflight , " he said . "  Partnering with U.S. companies such as SpaceX to provide cargo and eventually crew service to the International Space Station is a cornerstone of the president 's plan for maintaining America 's leadership in space . " SpaceX is conducting the flight as part of a contract that could be worth as much as $ 396 million , according to company spokeswoman Kirstin Brost Grantham . The company has completed 37 of the 40 milestones in the contract and has received $ 381 million so far , she said . Musk likened the significance of the launch to the growth of the commercial Internet -- from its underpinnings as a government initiative to the technological , economic and cultural engine it is today . "  I think we 're at a similar inflection point for space , " he said . "  I hope and I believe that this mission will be historic in marking that turning point towards a rapid advancement in space transportation technology . " The first attempt to launch the rocket was halted Saturday when a flight computer detected high pressure in an engine combustion chamber . Workers replaced the valve on Saturday , SpaceX said . The company plans 11 more flights to the space station . One of a handful of private companies receiving funds from NASA to develop a space taxi system , SpaceX hopes the experience with the cargo flights will help the company reach its goal of carrying astronauts aboard the Dragon . The company is developing a heavy-lift rocket with twice the cargo capability of the space shuttle , and also dreams of building a spacecraft that could carry a crew to Mars . CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report .	SpaceX founder says the launch could prove to be a turning point for space exploration "  The signifance of this day can not be overstated , " NASA director says The rocket carrying a space capsule lifts off successfully early Tuesday The launch is the first private mission bound for the International Space Station
CNN  -- Three-time Tour de France winner Alberto Contador has been stripped of his 2010 title and retroactively banned from cycling for two years following Monday 's ruling by the Court of Arbitration for Sport . He could also face a fine of more than $ 3 million , but this will be decided at a later CAS hearing . The Spaniard tested positive for the banned anabolic steroid clenbuterol during the sport 's premier race in July 2010 , and the results were revealed in September that year . He was initially suspended for one year by the Spanish Cycling Federation after claiming that he had eaten contaminated meat , which left small amounts of the drug in his urine sample , and was then acquitted on appeal in February 2011 . However , the International Cycling Union  UCI  and the World Ant-Doping Agency  WADA  both contested the ruling , and appealed to CAS . The UCI also asked that Contador be fined at least    2.485 million . The court 's decision means that the 29-year-old will lose his race victories during 2011 , including the Giro d'Italia . His ban will end on August 5 this year . CAS said the ban started retroactively on January 25 , 2011 -- the start date of his original ban -- but was reduced by the time he had already been suspended of five months and 19 days . The UCI confirmed the decision on its website , but called it "  the end of a long-running affair that has been extremely painful for cycling . " "  This is a sad day for our sport . Some may think of it as a victory , but that is not at all the case , " UCI president Pat McQuaid said . "  There are no winners when it comes to the issue of doping : every case , irrespective of its characteristics , is always a case too many . " The case had dragged on after the first two hearings were canceled before a third was finally held in November last year . The UCI and WADA both submitted that it was more likely that Contador had either had a blood transfusion or eaten a contaminated food supplement rather than the meat scenario . CAS agreed in its ruling , stating : "  Unlike certain other countries , notably outside Europe , Spain is not known to have a contamination problem with clenbuterol in meat . Furthermore , no other cases of athletes having tested positive to clenbuterol allegedly in connection with the consumption of Spanish meat are known . "  The panel concluded that both the meat contamination scenario and the blood transfusion scenario were , in theory , possible explanations for the adverse analytical findings but were however equally unlikely . "  In the panel 's opinion , on the basis of the evidence adduced , presence of clenbuterol was more likely caused by the ingestion of a contaminated food supplement . " Past cases of positive clenbuterol tests have had different outcomes . Last year more than 100 footballers at the under-17 World Cup were cleared by FIFA due to a "  serious health problem with regards to meat contaminated with clenbuterol " in host nation Mexico . Five members of that country 's senior team also escaped punishment after testing positive at the CONCACAF Gold Cup later that year . Two Chinese swimmers were banned for three years in 1999 after eating contaminated pig livers , but in 2010 a German table tennis player was cleared following a hair test after his positive result during a competition in China . Andy Schleck , who was runner-up at the 2010 Tour de France , said he would not be happy to be installed as the new winner . "  First of all I feel sad for Alberto . I always believed in his innocence . This is just a very sad day for cycling . The only positive news is that there is a verdict after 566 days of uncertainty . We can finally move on , " the rider from Luxembourg said . "  I trust that the CAS judges took all things into consideration after reading a 4,000-page file . If now I am declared overall winner of the 2010 Tour de France it will not make me happy . I battled with Contador in that race and I lost . "  My goal is to win the Tour de France in a sportive way , being the best of all competitors , not in court . If I succeed this year , I will consider it as my first Tour victory . "	Court of Arbitration for Sport overturns ruling by the Spanish Cycling Federation Appeal body says Alberto Contador likely consumed contaminated food supplement The Spaniard has been banned retroactively for two years , ending in August 2012 He has also been stripped of his 2010 Tour de France title and all his 2011 victories
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities have detained the country 's former drug czar on suspicion that he may have accepted $ 450,000 a month in bribes from drug traffickers , Mexico 's attorney general said Friday . Noe Ramirez Mandujano was in charge from 2006 through August of fighting organized crime in Mexico . Noe Ramirez Mandujano was in charge from 2006 until this August of the attorney general 's office that specializes in combatting organized crime . Ramirez is accused of meeting with members of a drug cartel while he was in office and agreeing to provide information on investigations in exchange for the bribes , Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora Icaza said at a news conference Friday . The arrest was part of an ongoing investigation called "  Operation Limpieza , " or "  Operation Cleanup , " the attorney general said . The operation targets officials who may have passed information to drug cartels . The arrest was announced Thursday night , four days after the house arrest of Ricardo Gutierrez Vargas , the director for International Police Affairs at Mexico 's Federal Investigative Agency and the head of Mexico 's Interpol office . Authorities say more than 30 officials have been arrested since July in connection with the anti-corruption operation . Interpol , which is based in France , announced Wednesday it is sending a team of investigators to Mexico to investigate the possibility that its communications systems and databases may have been compromised , a prospect raised by the arrest of Gutierrez , the top official working with the agency in Mexico . "  A war of master proportions " between authorities and narcotics traffickers and traffickers among themselves has left more than 4,300 dead so far this year , according to the Council on Hemispheric Affairs , an independent research and information organization . By comparison , the council said in a report this week , there were 2,700 drug-related deaths in 2007 . "  Homegrown drug cartels operating from both within and outside the country are engaging in a vicious turf war to seize control of major trafficking corridors while engaging in almost open warfare against the mobilized forces of the state , " the council said about what it calls "  narco-fueled crime . " Mexican leaders have been trying to tamp down the violence by tightening controls on money-laundering and cracking down on corruption among local and municipal police forces infiltrated by drug traffickers . It may not be enough . "  Due to pervasive corruption at the highest levels of the Mexican government , and the almost effortless infiltration of the porous security forces by the cartel , an ultimate victory by the state is far from certain , " the Hemispheric Council concludes . Drug trafficking in Mexico is a $ 20 billion - to $ 50 billion-a-year industry , as much as the nation earns from tourism or remittances from Mexicans living in the United States , said Robert Pastor , a former National Security adviser to President Jimmy Carter and now a professor of international relations at American University in Washington . He has been studying Latin America for more than four decades . "  This is a huge industry with an extraordinary capacity to corrupt and intimidate the country . And they 're doing both right now , " said Pastor , also a former director of the Carter Center 's Latin American and Caribbean Program . The drug cartels are paying some Mexican officials bribes of $ 150,000 to $ 450,000 a month , authorities have said . This in a country where the per capita income is $ 12,500 a year and one of every seven Mexicans lives in poverty , according to the CIA World Factbook .	Noe Ramirez Mandujano arrested , suspected of taking $ 450,000 a month in bribes About 30 officials arrested in massive operation investigating collusion with cartels Report : 4,300 dead this year in war between authorities and narcotics traffickers Drug cartels pay some officials bribes of $ 150,000 to $ 450,000 a month
Baghdad  CNN  -- Eleven people -- six in Baghdad and five in Kirkuk -- died in attacks in the two major Iraqi cities , police said Thursday . The incidents came amid an uptick of sectarian and political violence in the country . The bloodiest attack was in the northern city of Kirkuk , where a suicide bomber detonated his explosive vest Thursday afternoon at the main entrance to a Shiite mosque . At least five people died in that blast , while 17 others were wounded , police said . In Baghdad , a car bomb explosion in Sadr City -- a volatile , Shiite neighborhood in the eastern part of the Iraqi capital -- left three people and and 17 more wounded , police told CNN . Another car bomb blew up Thursday near an outdoor market in Baghdad 's Chukook neighborhood -- also a predominantly Shiite district . One bystander died and five people were wounded in that attack . Elsewhere in Baghdad , gunmen shot dead two people in the neighborhood of al-Bayaa . Two bombs exploded in the northern city of Mosul , police said Thursday . A car bomb wounded eight people and a roadside bomb wounded a Kurdish security officer at a joint Iraqi army-Kurdish checkpoint . Overall , violence has dropped significantly in Iraq since the peak of sectarian violence , between 2005 and 2007 . But tensions and violence , stirred in part by enmity between Shiites and Sunnis , have persisted since the U.S-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 . On Wednesday , bombings in Kirkuk and Baghdad left at least 29 people dead and 120 wounded .	NEW : Suicide bombing in Kirkuk kills 5 , wounds 17 , police say Two deadly blasts hit predominantly Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad Mosul also was hit by bombings ; 9 were wounded 29 died in violence Wednesday in Kirkuk and Baghdad
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Katherine Jackson 's sadness over the loss of her son is constant nearly two years after Michael Jackson 's sudden death from an overdose of a surgical anesthetic . "  There 's not a day that passes I do n't think about my child and he should be here right now , " Jackson said in a CNN interview at her home Tuesday . "  But it was negligence of a doctor and it 's just hard , really hard . " Dr. Conrad Murray , who was Michael Jackson 's personal doctor , is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the singer 's death . His trial has been postponed until September . Murray 's lawyers suggest a frustrated and sleepless Jackson may have poured the surgical anesthetic propofol mixed with lidocaine into his juice bottle while the doctor was out of his bedroom . To help her cope with the sadness , Katherine Jackson recently moved into a spacious new mansion on a hilltop above Calabasas , California , away from the Encino home where the Jackson family lived since 1969 . Katherine Jackson loves the higher ceilings and larger windows , but it 's also a refuge from sad reminders that haunt the old home . "  Michael was 11 years old when we moved there and he stayed there until he was well into his 20s before he moved , " she said . "  It just brings back a lot of memories , but they 're sad memories to me now because he 's not here . " Visitors to the ground floor see artwork collected by Michael Jackson , but they wo n't see his photographs . The three children left behind by the pop icon treasure images of their father , but his mother avoids them . What you do see are the flowers that Katherine Jackson surrounds herself with , a passion she recently turned into a business . She launched the Katherine Jackson line of floral arrangements this month , just in time for fans to send them to their moms this Mother 's Day . But since she 's a Jehovah 's Witness , Katherine Jackson does not observe holidays . Wednesday is her 81st birthday , but there will be no celebration in her home . The youngest of Michael 's children , 9-year-old Blanket , has his own way of remembering his father . His long brown hair grows longer , reaching halfway down his back . "  He does n't want to cut it , so I 've talked to him about it , " his grandmother said . "  He likes it long because his father wanted him to have long hair at the time , but there will be a day that he 'll have to cut it , I think . " Blanket studies at home with a tutor , while Prince , 14 , and Paris , 13 , attend classes at a private school . "  They 're doing very well , " she said . "  They 're going to school everyday . " The children are shielded from news about the criminal case against the doctor accused of causing their father 's death . The trial has been delayed until September , but when it does start , they wo n't see their grandmother around the house during weekdays . Katherine Jackson will be sitting in court . "  I plan to be there everyday , " she said . "  If I 'm able , I will be there . " She 'll be there listening as the doctor who conducted the autopsy describes again , as she heard in last January 's preliminary hearing , how Jackson 's liver was placed in a blender so he could measure the chemicals in his organs . "  Worse comes to worse , I 'll just step out , " she said . "  I heard they 're going to show some autopsy shots , and I do n't want to see that . So , I 'll leave and , you know , sit out in the hall or somewhere until it 's over and then I 'll come back in . But I just feel that I have to be there . " Katherine Jackson , although she 'd rather avoid sadness , proved her strength six years ago when she sat in court for five months as her son was tried and acquitted on child molestation charges . "  Yes , I was there every day , " she said . "  I wanted to be there for him , because I knew it was lies . I prayed for the truth to come , because I knew if the truth came out that my son would walk away and he did . " Some online media reports have suggested Katherine Jackson 's health is failing , but she laughs about the speculation . The limp you might notice in her walk is not from old age , but it a remnant of a childhood battle with polio . She stays active with her new floral venture and decorating her new home . "  I 'm still here and I 'm blessed and I thank God , " she said .	"  Not a day that passes I do n't think about my child , " Katherine Jackson says She moved from the home where Michael lived to escape "  sad memories " Blanket lets his hair grow long to honor his father , she says Jackson 's mother will step out of court when autopsy photos are shown
CNN  A year ago Bloomberg published a story with the following headline : Mike Pence , a Koch Favorite , Mulls 2016 Run for President . The story ticked off items on Pence 's conservative things-to-do list while also noting his close ties to the deep-pocketed Koch brothers , as well as other right-wing lobbying groups . Last August the Indiana governor was in Dallas for an Americans for Prosperity event ; the group is backed by the conservative Koch brothers , and supported Gov. Pence 's tax-slashing budget . Now , Pence is drawing huge heat for his controversial decision to sign a religious freedom law last week that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians . Why would Pence ignore the pleas of Indiana 's Chamber of Commerce as well as the Republican mayor of his state capital and sign such a bill ? Because there 's a very powerful wing of his party that wants a conservative as its 2016 candidate and this bill was Pence 's way of shoring up his street cred . It is also the reason why Republican Jeb Bush , Pence 's fellow White House hopeful , who is viewed as a little light in that category , was first to rush in to defend Pence and the law . One lesson here : Just because more than 70 % of the country now lives in states where same-sex marriage is legal does not mean 70 % of the country is happy about it . Backlash aside , the fact is Pence has scored a lot of points this week among ultraconservatives . And while that may not be enough to get him over this political hump , the very public debate that now embroils him -- and Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson , and likely 14 other states considering similar proposals this year -- is more than enough to drag the entire Republican field farther to the right than the party had hoped . Pence : ` Was I expecting this kind of backlash ? Heavens no . ' For there is no way a Republican can get through the pending primary without denouncing LGBT rights , which unfortunately will turn numerous Americans into single-issue voters . I foolishly hoped the issue of LGBT rights would be a bit player in the 2016 general election , overshadowed by foreign policy and the economy . Instead it looks like it 's going to be dragged down to a replay of Pat Buchanan 's "  cultural war " speech , during which he told the 1992 Republican National Convention : "  We stand with  George H.W. Bush  against the amoral idea that gay and lesbian couples should have the same standing in law as married men and women " and later followed with "  There is a religious war going on in this country . It is a cultural war , as critical to the kind of nation we shall be as the Cold War itself . For this war is for the soul of America . " Progressives may enjoy watching Pence 's temporary fall from grace , but his policy rhetoric has echoed that of 2016 hopeful Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , who has indicated a federal ban on same-sex marriage is not off the GOP table . And even if you think neither Pence nor Bush nor Cruz will win the nomination , someone has to . In light of that , listen to conservative former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , a potential 2016 candidate describing conservatives ' discomfort with same-sex marriage : "  It 's like asking someone who 's Jewish to start serving bacon-wrapped shrimp in their deli . " Or Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal : "  I certainly will support Ted Cruz and others that are talking about making ... a constitutional amendment to allow states to continue to define marriage . " Or Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , who has a long history of fighting against same-sex marriage and civil unions . And Ben Carson said jail turns people gay , so there 's that . Remember : Pence did n't act alone . He only signed a bill that first passed muster with other elected officials . In fact , according to the American Civil Liberties Union , "  the Indiana RFRA -LSB- Religious Freedom Restoration Act -RSB- is one of 24 introduced in 15 states this year that could allow someone to use their religious beliefs to discriminate . Numerous other bills specifically single out the LGBT community for unequal treatment . " Who supports , denounces Indiana law ? Gallup Polls may suggest voters nationwide are more gay-friendly , but the trend on the state level tells a different story . Perhaps we 're witnessing the final gasp of long-ago biases . Or maybe those biases are having a rebirth we had underestimated . Former Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts , the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same sex while in office , said he believes Republicans want the Supreme Court to rule in favor of same-sex marriage to provide political cover in the GOP primary . "  We 're winning , " he told a crowd in Chicago recently while promoting his latest book . I guess if you look at where the country was on LGBT issues 10 years ago , we definitely are . That 's assuming you are part of the "  we " who believe LGBT people should have the same rights as their heterosexual/cisgender counterparts . But as the situation in Indiana has shown , "  winning " should not be mistaken for having "  won . " For it is doubtful that a candidate will be able to avoid taking a position on the wave of so-called "  religious freedom " bills snaking through red-state legislatures . Or to sidestep the topic of a constitutional amendment when it 's raised in a debate or at a campaign stop , especially with Republicans controlling both the House and the Senate . Pence , and to a lesser extent , Jeb Bush , may be toxic now but America has a short attention span . More importantly , they are not alone . Frank said when progressives get angry they march in the streets , and when conservatives get mad they march to the polls . If that holds true in 2016 , "  winning " is going to feel very strange .	LZ : Indiana law pushing back LGBT rights , and other states ' anti-LGBT moves , bow to far right wing that GOP candidates need for 2016 Cruz , Huckabee , Jindal , Carson , Walker are reviving culture wars , he says . Equality for LGBT has not yet "  won " in America
CNN  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will get two extra weeks to form a government , Israel 's President said in a news release Monday . Netanyahu made the request at President Reuven Rivlin 's Jerusalem home Monday . "  We have made progress and are on the way to forming a government , " Netanyahu told Rivlin , according to a statement . "  However , I require additional time in order for the government to be stable and so that we might reach agreement on important issues that will aid us in meeting the challenges facing the State of Israel . " Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days , according to Israeli law . "  I wish you success in your work , " Rivlin told the Prime Minister , according to a statement . "  The entire people of Israel hope that a government will be established ; indeed , a transition government has not received the confidence of the Knesset and is viewed by the public as needing to be dealt with . I hope that in the coming days you will succeed in forming a stable government for the State of Israel . " Last month , Netanyahu 's Likud Party snared 30 of the 120 seats in the Knesset , Israel 's parliament , giving its leaders the first chance at forming a coalition government . The Zionist Union came in second , with 24 seats .	Israeli law says the Prime Minister must form his government in less than 42 days Netanyahu cites government stability and reaching "  agreement on important issues " as reasons he needs additional time
CNN  -- "  NCIS " fans will get a triple dose of those crime investigations on CBS this fall . The network has added four new dramas and a new sitcom to its fall lineup , and one of the dramas is the "  NCIS " spinoff set in New Orleans . As CBS announced on Wednesday , "  NCIS : New Orleans , " starring Scott Bakula , will air on Tuesday nights following its parent program . The major shift in CBS 's 2014-2015 calendar is the network 's addition of "  Thursday Night Football . " Instead of its comedy block anchored by "  The Big Bang Theory , " CBS will air three hours of football on Thursday nights from September 11 through October 23 . While Thursdays are dominated by sports , the network 's highly-rated "  Big Bang Theory " will temporarily air on Mondays . On October 30 , CBS 's more typical Thursday night lineup will resume , including a 12th and final season of "  Two and a Half Men " and a new comedy , "  The McCarthys . " Here 's what to look for on CBS this fall ; new shows are in bold and all times are Eastern . Monday 8-8 :30 p.m. : "  The Big Bang Theory " until October 30 , then "  2 Broke Girls " 8:30 -9 p.m. : "  Mom " 9-10 p.m. : "  Scorpion " : A humorous drama about a crew of socially awkward but brilliant misfits who help protect the country from high-tech threats . 10-11 p.m. : "  NCIS : Los Angeles " Tuesday 8-9 p.m. : "  NCIS " 9-10 p.m. : "  NCIS : New Orleans " : The "  NCIS " brand moves to the Big Easy , with Scott Bakula playing native son Special Agent Dwayne Pride . 10-11 p.m. : "  Person of Interest " Wednesday 8-9 p.m. : "  Survivor " 9-10 p.m. : "  Criminal Minds " 10 - 1 p.m. : "  Stalker " : Dylan McDermott and Maggie Q star as detectives who investigate stalking incidents for the LAPD 's Threat Assessment Unit . Thursday 8-11 p.m. : Thursday Night Football , September 11 through October 23 8-8 :30 p.m. : "  The Big Bang Theory , " as of October 30 8:30 -9 p.m. : "  The Millers , " as of October 30 9-9 :30 p.m. : "  Two and a Half Men , " as of October 30 9:30 -10 p.m. : "  The McCarthys , " as of October 30 : A comedy about a boisterous , sports-loving Boston family with an athletically challenged son . 10-11 p.m. : "  Elementary , " as of October 30 Friday 8-9 p.m. : "  The Amazing Race " 9-10 p.m. : "  Hawaii Five-O " 10-11 p.m. : "  Blue Bloods " Saturday 8-9 p.m. : Crime-time Saturday 9-10 p.m. : Crime-time Saturday 10-11 p.m. : "  48 Hours " Sunday 7-8 p.m. : "  60 Minutes " 8-9 p.m. : "  Madam Secretary " : Tea Leoni stars as Elizabeth McCord , a college professor and former CIA analyst who takes the role of secretary of state at the request of the president after her predecessor 's suspicious death . 9-10 p.m. : "  The Good Wife " 10-11 p.m. : "  CSI : Crime Scene Investigation " Later in the season , CBS ' new "  CSI : Cyber " will move into the 10 p.m. slot on Sundays . Also to come to CBS during the 2014-2015 season are Matthew Perry 's "  Odd Couple " remake and a police drama called "  Battle Creek " from Vince Gilligan  "  Breaking Bad "  and David Shore  "  House "  .	CBS adds a new "  NCIS " spinoff to its 2014 fall schedule The lineup also includes a block of football on Thursday nights Other new shows include a drama about the secretary of state A new "  CSI " spinoff is expected to premiere later in the season
CNN  -- Packed tight into wire baskets -- sometimes 20 or more to a cage -- animal rights activists say as many as 200,000 live dogs every year are smuggled from northeast Thailand across the Mekong River destined for restaurants in Vietnam . Dehydrated , stressed , some even dying of suffocation on the trip , the dogs are often stacked 1,000 to a truck on a journey that lasts for days . "  Obviously when you 've got dogs stacked on top of each other they start biting each other because they are so uncomfortable , any kind of movement then the dog next to the one that 's being crushed is going to bite back , " said Tuan Bendixsen , director of Animals Asia Foundation Vietnam , a Hanoi-based animal welfare group . When they arrive in Vietnam , the suffering does n't end there . A common belief is that stress and fear releases hormones that improve the taste of the meat , so the dogs are placed in stress cages that restrict their movement . Eventually , the dogs are either bludgeoned to death or have their throats cut in front of other dogs who are awaiting the same fate . In some cases , they 've been known to be skinned alive . "  Dogs are highly intelligent animals so if you kill a dog and you have a whole cage of dogs next to the one that 's being killed , those dogs that are going to be killed next know what 's going on , " Bendixsen said . According to animal rights groups , dog smugglers round up everything from family pets to Thailand 's ubiquitous strays -- known as soi dogs -- to sell the animals in Vietnam , or even as far away as China where a pedigree dog can fetch a premium price . John Dalley of the Phuket-based Soi Dog Foundation estimates 98 % of the dogs are domesticated and that some are even still wearing collars and have been trained and respond to commands . "  You can see all types of pedigree animals in these captured Thai shipments -- golden retrievers , long-haired terriers , you name it , " says Dalley . "  Some are bought . Others are snatched from streets , temples , and even people 's gardens . " In the past , batches of stray dogs were traded for plastic buckets , but these days with demand soaring -- especially in the winter months when dog meat is regarded as a "  warming " food -- a dog in Thailand can fetch up to $ 10 . This figure jumps to around $ 60 once they are served up in restaurants in Vietnam . Dalley says pet dogs , in particular , are targeted because they are friendlier and easier to catch . Animal rights activists estimate that more than one million dogs are eaten each year in Vietnam ; for the dog smugglers of the Mekong , business is booming . While the trade is illegal in Thailand , and authorities have made a number of raids involving thousands of dogs , dog traders claim the laws are unclear and have even mounted counter protests against a series of crackdowns . Smugglers are normally prosecuted under laws that prohibit the illegal trade and transportation of animals and , with no direct animal cruelty laws in Thailand , prosecutors attempt to charge smugglers with cruelty under Criminal Code laws . The Soi Dog Foundation and the Thai Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals are fighting to change that and are currently working through the Department of Livestock Development to get an Animal Welfare Draft Law through the Thai Parliament . The reality , however , is that smugglers often receive light sentences of just a few months in jail . Animal activists also say thousands of impounded dogs -- rescued from smugglers -- that end up in quarantine centers sometimes find their way back onto the streets and in the dog meat circle again . "  This is not about whether it is right or wrong to eat dog meat , " Dalley says . "  It is about an illegal trade worth millions of dollars per year organized by criminals . The way in which these dogs are transported and , if they survive , killed , is horrific . "  Some of the footage we receive is so horrific it 's too strong even for the media to run . It 's so inhumane ... it 's quite literally hell on earth . "	Dog smuggling is booming in Thailand around the Mekong border region with Laos Thai authorities say the trade has been growing thanks to a strong market in Vietnam Animal welfare groups say operators often pick up strays off the street including pets A dog in Thailand can fetch up to $ 10 but sells for $ 60 in restaurants in Vietnam
CNN  -- Starting Tuesday , many "  robocalls " from telemarketers will be illegal . A new ban on automated telemarketing calls goes into effect Tuesday . Businesses that try to push products on consumers with automated and unsolicited calls will face fines of up to $ 16,000 per call , according to the Federal Trade Commission . "  American consumers have made it crystal clear that few things annoy them more than the billions of commercial telemarketing robocalls they receive every year , " FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz said in a news release . Calls from politicians , public service announcements and "  informational " calls will be exempt from the new rule . A call alerting a traveler that his or her flight has been delayed would still be allowed , for example . Banks , telephone carriers and most charitable organizations are also excluded from the ban , the FTC says . The FTC asks people to report questionable robocalls by visiting its complaint Web site or by calling 1-877-FTC-HELP . "  If consumers think they 're being harassed by robocallers , they need to let us know , and we will go after them , " Leibowitz said . The ban on many pre-recorded calls was approved by the FTC in August of 2008 and is the last of a series of amendments to go into effect , said Lois Greisman , the FTC 's associate director of marketing practices . She said the ban applies only to pre-recorded calls and encouraged consumers to sign up for the federal "  do not call " registry for additional protections . Robocalls to mobile phones already are illegal , she said . People still will be able to receive telemarketer calls if they give companies written permission to contact them . Nate Anderson , a blogger at Ars Technica , a technology site , cheered the amendments but said many calls are illegal even without the new amendments . "  Most of the robocalls received by people in the office here are already illegal to do begin with -- pitches for time shares and bogus car warranties top the list of such calls , " he wrote .	An FTC ban on automated telemarketing calls starts Tuesday Companies breaking the rule face fines of $ 16,000 per call Exceptions include political calls , "  informational " calls and bank calls
CNN  -- For more than 125 years , the City of Chester passenger ship has been at the bottom of San Francisco Bay . Scientists rediscovered its burial site recently after using sidescan sonar to confirm data first gathered last year . Researchers with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration were looking in May 2013 for another ship that sank near the Golden Gate Bridge in 1952 when they found what they thought was the City of Chester . They conducted what is called a multibeam sonar survey and over the next nine months sorted through the data . A follow-up look with sidescan sonar found the ship 216 feet beneath the surface , sitting upright in the mud . There was a fatal gash in the ship 's port side . NOAA said in a news release that the discovery is an important one for the Chinese-American community in the San Francisco area . The City of Chester was carrying 90 people on a trip to Eureka , California , on August 22 , 1888 , when it was hit in the fog by the Oceanic , a ship arriving from Asia . The Chester sank within six minutes and 16 people were killed . The Chinese crew of the Oceanic initially was criticized but later praised as heroes . "  Discoveries like this remind us that the waters off our shores are museums that speak to powerful events , in this case not only that tragic wreck , but to a time when racism and anger were set aside by the heroism of a crew who acted in the best traditions of the sea , " said James Delgado , the director of maritime heritage for NOAA 's Office of National Marine Sanctuaries . The wreck was found in 1888 by the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey , the predecessor of NOAA . NOAA will set up an exhibit about the City of Chester at a nearby marine sanctuary , but there are no plans to raise the ship .	The City of Chester was sailing in San Francisco Bay when it hit another ship , killing 16 The Chinese crew of the other ship was at first vilified , later hailed as heroes Discoverers called ship an important reminder of race relations at the time There are no plans to bring ship out of water
CNN  -- Football superstar , celebrity , fashion icon , multimillion-dollar heartthrob . Now , David Beckham is headed for the Hollywood Hills as he takes his game to U.S. Major League Soccer . CNN looks at how Bekham fulfilled his dream of playing for Manchester United , and his time playing for England . The world 's famous footballer has begun a five-year contract with the Los Angeles Galaxy team , and on Friday Beckham will meet the press and reveal his new shirt number . This week , we take an in depth look at the life and times of Beckham , as CNN 's very own "  Becks , " Becky Anderson , sets out to examine what makes the man tick -- as footballer , fashion icon and global phenomenon . It 's a long way from the streets of east London to the Hollywood Hills and Becky charts Beckham 's incredible rise to football stardom , a journey that has seen his skills grace the greatest stages in world soccer . She goes in pursuit of the current hottest property on the sports/celebrity circuit in the U.S. and along the way explores exactly what 's behind the man with the golden boot . CNN will look back at the life of Beckham , the wonderfully talented youngster who fulfilled his dream of playing for Manchester United , his marriage to pop star Victoria , and the trials and tribulations of playing for England . We 'll look at the highs  scoring against Greece  , the lows  being sent off during the World Cup  , the Man . U departure for the Galacticos of Madrid -- and now the Home Depot stadium in L.A. We 'll ask how Beckham and his family will adapt to life in Los Angeles -- the people , the places to see and be seen and the celebrity endorsement . Beckham is no stranger to exposure . He has teamed with Reggie Bush in an Adidas commercial , is the face of Motorola , is the face on a PlayStation game and does n't need fashion tips as he has his own international clothing line . But what does the star couple need to do to become an accepted part of Tinseltown 's glitterati ? The road to major league football in the U.S.A. is a well-worn route for some of the world 's greatest players . We talk to some of the former greats who came before him and examine what impact these overseas stars had on U.S. soccer and look at what is different now . We also get a rare glimpse inside the David Beckham academy in L.A , find out what drives the kids and who are their heroes . The perception that in the U.S.A. soccer is a "  game for girls " after the teenage years is changing . More and more young kids are choosing the European game over the traditional U.S. sports . E-mail to a friend	Beckham has agreed to a five-year contract with Los Angeles Galaxy New contract took effect July 1 , 2007 Former English captain to meet press , unveil new shirt number Friday CNN to look at Beckham as footballer , fashion icon and global phenomenon
CNN  -- "  Warhammer 40,000 : Space Marine "  Relic Entertainment , THQ  deftly takes the popular tabletop miniatures game and puts it into a video game with gun-blazing , sword-swinging action and a story that flows well . Players control Titus , a captain of the Ultramarines , as they and their comrades attempt to battle orks , demons and the forces of Chaos . There are plenty of weapons to satisfy your melee or missile tendencies in battle . All the action takes place in the third-person point of view , so the field of battle is easily kept in sight at all times . Minor enemies attack en masse and in waves , while tougher enemies usually show up to scrap all alone . Boss battles are demanding , and pulling off multiple attacks is almost required to conquer the last foe . Players often are accompanied by two other space marines who contribute to the wholesale slaughter of lesser opponents but seem to have little effect on boss battles . Hand-to-hand weapons can be knives , swords , axes and hammers while long-distance weapons start with pistols and go all the way to cannons . Ammunition and grenades can be found strewn around the battlefield to supply whatever weapons you have in your possession . Modes of combat are interchangeable and offer plenty of ways to wipe out enemies . Trigger buttons control the long-range weapons while controller buttons activate hand-to-hand abilities such as stun and execution . Performing an execution on a stunned enemy also rewards the player with points for good health . Hack-and-slash action makes for an enjoyable fight and really enhances the game . But it is more than just blood and gore  which , incidentally , gets splashed all over your character during battle , then magically disappears afterward  that make "  Space Marine " worthy . The characters seem like they are ripped right from the British navy , with accents that sound like they come from the streets of London . Each character has his own feel and motivations , giving personality to even the lowliest speaking ones . The game 's three main space marines all have their own quirks and idiosyncrasies . They are outfitted in colorful armor that probably would feel right at home in a "  World of Warcraft " setting but with nods to symbols and icons of ancient civilizations . I found myself listening a little more intently than normal as characters spoke about their trials and tribulations . Small bits of soldiers ' lives were revealed , helping make the entire experience more immersive . The story -- one of honor , courage and sacrifice -- could have readily been ignored or glossed over to focus more on the combat . However , developers were able to knit together a tale that also includes loss and betrayal while giving the player a feeling of omnipotence that makes it unique for shooters . But the single-player campaign game felt like it did n't last long enough , and the maps , while beautiful , were linear -- not allowing for exploration . The panoramic views and immense weaponry teased with the prospect of a wide world to be explored and liberated , only to be stifled by rubble and downed machinery at every turn . The ending , a cliffhanger of sorts , really was a jaw dropper . It 's a testament to the writers for crafting an interesting  but short  story as well as the developers for making me feel so invested in my characters . I have never played "  Warhammer 40,000 " on the tabletop  mainly because I did n't have the funds to lay out for the miniature figures that are required  , but "  Warhammer 40,000 : Space Marine " on the console is well worth the investment . "  Warhammer 40,000 : Space Marine " is available for the PC , PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 . It is rated M for mature due to blood and gore and intense violence . This review was done playing the single-player campaign on the Xbox 360 .	In "  Warhammer 40,000 : Space Marine , " players control Titus , a captain of the Ultramarines All the action takes place in the third-person point of view Hand-to-hand weapons can be knives , swords , axes and hammers
CNN  -- When Tad Agoglia started to clean up the mess caused by Hurricane Katrina , he could n't help thinking he was weeks behind schedule . It was two months after the storm , and his crane operating company had just been hired to help in Louisiana . "  I wondered what it would have been like if I had been there on day one , " Agoglia said . Frustrated by the kind of bureaucratic red tape that delayed aid after Katrina , Agoglia started the First Response Team of America , a mobile , "  24-hour-a-day firehouse " that provides free emergency aid within hours of a catastrophe . Since 2007 , the nonprofit group has responded to many of the country 's worst natural disasters , including floods in Rhode Island and Tennessee and tornadoes in Alabama and Mississippi . Today , Agoglia finds himself back in Louisiana . But this time he 's dealing with a manmade catastrophe : the Gulf Coast oil spill . "  This is a different kind of disaster , " said Agoglia , one of three CNN Heroes featured in a recent TV special , "  CNN Heroes : Coming Back from Katrina . " "  When a hurricane comes in , it can be cleaned up . Oil is not that easily cleaned up . Oil could stay around for decades . " The First Response Team has spent the past two months setting up dams and using specialized equipment to vacuum oil from Louisiana 's barrier islands . "  I remember clearly the first day the oil reached the beaches of Grand Isle , where we were serving , " Agoglia said . "  And it was a very emotional response ... to seeing these beautiful beaches and these beautiful animals covered in oil . And the only thing I can explain is that I felt very patriotic . I felt like , this is our land , this is our soil , this is our beaches , our wildlife , and it was being destroyed and contaminated . It was sad to see in person . " Agoglia said the spill has also delivered a devastating blow to a community still reeling from Katrina . "  You 're dealing with people that have already lost everything -- everything , " Agoglia said . "  They had nothing left but each other basically to begin with . And now , only a short few years later , their livelihoods are being threatened . " Phasing out the FEMA trailers Many families in Louisiana are still living in trailers that were provided after Katrina by the Federal Emergency Management Agency . Liz McCartney is trying to change that . McCartney and her boyfriend , Zack Rosenburg , started the nonprofit St. Bernard Project in 2006 . "  Our goal is to get those last 1,000 families out of FEMA trailers and back into their homes , " said McCartney , who was voted CNN Hero of the Year in 2008 . The St. Bernard Project , based in St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana , rebuilds damaged houses with the help of volunteers and skilled supervisors . McCartney says it costs , on average , about $ 12,000 to turn a gutted home into a livable one . "  To date , we 've done just about 300 houses , " she said . "  We 've got more than 50 under construction . " The St. Bernard Project has also opened up a mental health clinic in its office for those struggling to cope with the Katrina and oil spill aftermath . "  We decided we could n't sit by and not do anything -LSB- about the spill -RSB- , " McCartney said . "  So we 've launched our oil spill response that is focusing primarily on providing mental health services to people in the fishing communities . " Focusing on children Another CNN Hero , Derrick Tabb , is helping to shape Louisiana 's future with his after-school music program , The Roots of Music . Headquartered in New Orleans ' French Quarter , the Roots of Music provides free instruments and tutoring to more than 100 students between the ages of 9 and 14 . The idea is to connect children to the city 's rich musical tradition while keeping them off its dangerous streets . "  We have got a lot done in New Orleans , but we have a lot more to do , especially when it comes down to the kids , " Tabb said . "  I think we have to focus on them a little a bit more , what 's going on in their lives and what 's catching their attention and what 's keeping their attention . " The Roots of Music caught the attention of actor Tim Robbins , who donated money to its cause and helped organize a benefit concert in May . "  This organization has a goal of taking someone in middle school and putting them on the road to a college education , self-confidence and leadership , " Robbins said . The program is so popular that Tabb has had to freeze applications for the time being . But he said he has been approached about possibly turning the Roots of Music into a charter school . "  If I take 500 , 600 kids in the program , I might as well take them in a school , " he said . "  They can be with me more than just part of the day . You have more interaction with those kids , and you can start to -LSB- know -RSB- the kids more and really start to help them out in the areas they need help in . " While he acknowledges that much work still needs to be done in New Orleans , Tabb says he is hopeful about the future . And he is proud at how his city has bounced back from Katrina . "  New Orleans has been a model city as far as recovery , " he said . "  It 's really shown everybody how to pull together and make things work with little resources . "	A trio of CNN Heroes is still working to restore the Gulf after Hurricane Katrina Tad Agoglia is helping to clean up the oil spill , which has complicated comeback efforts Liz McCartney is trying to get families out of FEMA trailers and back into homes Derrick Tabb is reaching out to the youth of New Orleans with his after-school music program
CNN  -- In-form Borussia Dortmund made it five straight wins on Sunday with a topsy-turvy 3-2 Bundesliga victory at Cologne having looked like they had thrown the three points away . Mats Hummel opened the scoring in the 28th minute and doubled Dortmund 's lead in first-half injury time . That remained the score going into the final 10 minutes and Kevin McKenna 's 82nd-minute strike looked nothing more than a consolation for the home side . Youssef Mohamad equalized with two minutes left , reacting quickest from McKenna 's header . However , Kevin Grosskreutz popped up to win it in injury time with a shot that deflected past Cologne goalkeeper Faryd Mondragon . That goal sealed victory for the visitors -- who remain fifth in the table , five points off the pace . Meanwhile , Kevin Kuranyi 's goal early in the second half was enough for Schalke to beat Nuremberg 1-0 at home to continue their good recent form . Kuranyi scored the only goal in the 48th minute and the Schalke defence held firm to seal the points . Felix Magath 's side clinched their fourth straight victory and fifth in the last six games to return to second place in the table , just one point behind leaders Bayer Leverkusen .	Borussia Dortmund make it five straight wins with a topsy-turvy 3-2 Bundesliga victory at Cologne Kevin Grosskreutz pops up in injury time to seal the victory for the visitors who are five points off the top Kevin Kuranyi scores the only goal for Schalke as they beat Nuremberg 1-0 to return to second in table
CNN  One of the two University of Oklahoma students expelled for their role in leading a racist chant has issued an apology , The Dallas Morning News reported . "  I am deeply sorry for what I did Saturday night . It was wrong and reckless . I made a horrible mistake by joining into the singing and encouraging others to do the same , " Parker Rice said in a statement printed by the newspaper . Earlier Tuesday , Rice and another student were expelled over their alleged "  leadership role " in a racist chant by Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity members , a decision that President David Boren says speaks to his school 's "  zero tolerance " policy for such "  threatening racist behavior . " The decision comes two days after a video of frat members singing a racist song surfaced and hours after Boren told CNN he would suspend or expel the group 's ringleaders if at all possible . "  At this point , all I can do is be thoughtful and prayerful about my next steps , but I am also concerned about the fraternity friends still on campus . Apparently , they are feeling unsafe and some have been harassed by others . Hopefully , the university will protect them , " Rice reportedly said in his apology . Already , the Greek letters sigma , alpha and epsilon have been removed from the frat house 's facade , the house will be closed as of midnight Tuesday and the university will board up the windows , following up on separate decisions by the university and the SAE national headquarters to shutter the Oklahoma chapter , Boren said . Fraternity 's house mom sings n-word Rice has not responded to multiple requests from CNN for comment . "  For me , this is a devastating lesson and I am seeking guidance on how I can learn from this and make sure it never happens again . My goal for the long-term is to be a man who has the heart and the courage to reject racism wherever I see or experience it in the future , " his apology read . It was only a nine-second clip , but the backlash has been disastrous . Party-bound students are seen on a bus clapping , pumping their fists and laughing as they chant , "  There will never be a ni **** SAE . You can hang him from a tree , but he can never sign with me . There will never be a ni **** SAE . " After the campus organization , Unheard , and the school newspaper received the clip via anonymous messages and publicized it , the university and the fraternity 's national chapter acted swiftly to shutter the SAE house in Norman . Boren promised the university 's affiliation with the fraternity was done . "  I was not only shocked and disappointed but disgusted by the outright display of racism displayed in the video , " said Brad Cohen , the fraternity 's national president . "  SAE is a diverse organization , and we have zero tolerance for racism or any bad behavior . " Still , it could get worse . Oklahoma may not be the only source of embarrassment for the fraternity . "  Several other incidents with chapters or members have been brought to the attention of the headquarters staff and leaders , and each of those instances will be investigated for further action , " SAE said . It 's likely that if the university had n't acted , the Department of Justice 's Civil Rights Division could have stepped in , said Barbara Arnwine , president and executive director of the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law . Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 "  prohibits discrimination on the basis of race , color , and national origin in programs and activities receiving federal financial assistance , " according to the Justice Department . In this case , Arnwine said , the university likely found that fraternity members appear not only to have discriminated in their membership -- and backed that discrimination with the threat of lynching -- but they 've also created a hostile environment . The university , she said , "  would 've been compelled to do something to sanction and prevent this fraternity from engaging in racial discrimination . " Arnwine said she was n't personally familiar with the school 's code of conduct , but she 'd be surprised if the fraternity members ' actions were n't in violation of university rules as well . All of these reasons are grounds to sanction the fraternity and expel specific members who were involved in the singing , she said . "  A very important part of the lexicon of civil rights law is that you can not create a hostile environment where you make it so people of different races or religions or women feel they ca n't function at your institution without being subjected to unlawful discrimination , " she said . It 's unclear whether more students will be punished for the video , though Boren has promised the SAEs wo n't return during his tenure if he can help it . "  The house will be closed , and as far as I 'm concerned , they wo n't be back , " he said at a Monday news conference . He later told CNN , "  There seems to be a culture in some of these fraternities , and it just has to be snuffed out . " The decision to shutter the fraternity was an easy one for Boren , he said . "  If we 're ever going to snuff this out in the whole country , let alone on college campuses , we 're going to have to have zero tolerance , and we have to act right away , " said Boren , a former Oklahoma governor and U.S. senator . "  This is not a place that wants racists or bigots on our campus or will tolerate it , so I think you have to send a very strong signal . " Hundreds of students have protested the fraternity 's actions . Some of them arrived Monday morning on the campus ' North Oval with tape over their mouths , while the Oklahoma football team and Coach Bob Stoops marched arm in arm across campus instead of practicing . The video infuriated Oklahoma linebacker Eric Striker , who posted a profanity-laced video to social media . "  I was angry and I was outraged , " Striker said . "  I apologize for the profanity , but I 'm not apologizing about how I felt , because that 's how I felt in my heart . " The fallout from the video also cost the football team a top recruit as offensive lineman Jean Delance said Monday he was de-committing from the Sooners and considering other teams . Just as they protested loudly Monday , students on Tuesday were emphatic in expressing their relief and satisfaction that those allegedly responsible for leading the racist chant got their due . Ross Johnson , a senior studying drama and broadcast media , called the video embarrassing and unacceptable as he worried that it may be seen as a reflection on him in the future . "  It sucks that I 'm graduating in May . I feel I am probably going to have to explain this when I move , " he said . "  For people who do n't know the University of Oklahoma , are n't part of the student body , it 's a black eye that does n't really deserve to be there . It 's a small group of people who were acting foolishly . " Another student , junior Jake Hewitt , applauded the university and the fraternity 's national president for their handling of the incident . "  I think it 's really good that the president is showing strong support for the students in the community here and saying , ` This is not OK . It 's not going to be acceptable on our campus . ' It 's a good strong move , and I hope if they find out more , they do more , " he said . Shortly after the expulsions were announced , senior Omar Humphrey , an African-American modern dance student , told CNN , "  I think it 's rightfully so that they were  kicked out  . ... That needed to happen . It was n't fair ; it was n't right . I am , as most of the student body -- not just the African-American students -- we 're all disheartened by the situation . It 's just really hard to think that this is still going on today , and I 'm still deeply saddened . " He is still a "  proud student , " he said , and he understands that the fraternity members in question represent "  just some microbial infestation that 's on campus . It 's on every campus , it 's on every campus . It 's unfortunate that we have to be seen in that light . " Asked what he could say to the fraternity members if given the chance , Humphrey replied , "  I pray for their humanity . I hope that they find maturity . ... I wish them well . " Unheard co-director Chelsea Davis said a racist mentality is not new to campus and is not confined to one fraternity . "  Unfortunately , it took them getting caught on video camera for this to happen , but this is definitely not something that is brand-new . It 's not something that 's only seen within this one organization , " she said . Sigma Alpha Epsilon is no stranger to scandal and sanctions Davis said the only acceptable response is to expel -- not suspend , as that would send the wrong message -- all the students involved . "  I was hurt that my fellow peers that I walk to class with every day , people that I see every day , could say such hateful things about me and my culture , about my friends , about my brothers and my sisters , " she said . William Bruce James II , who was a member of the frat between 2001 and 2005 , called the episode "  devastating " -- not just because he 's an Oklahoma alumnus but also because he 's African-American . James told CNN that there was "  never an inkling of this song or a whisper of anything like this " when he lived in the house . He said members of his pledge class "  would n't let that happen , " and if someone did dare to start such a chant they 'd swiftly speak out and shut it down "  whether I was there or not . " Since the video surfaced , James said he 's heard from many of his former fraternity brothers . Like him , they 're offended and supportive of the decision to shutter the Norman chapter . "  I do n't know what happened to the culture of my home , " he said . "  That is not my home . That is not SAE . They are not my brothers . " Opinion : Are frats ' a form of American apartheid ' ? CNN 's Brian Carberry , Chuck Johnston , Nick Valencia , John Couwels , Greg Botelho and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	"  It was wrong and reckless . I made a horrible mistake , " says Parker Rice He and another student were expelled earlier Tuesday If university had not acted , Justice Department could have stepped in , lawyer says
CNN  -- Remember the CrackBerry ? Five years ago , the buzzing gadget was all the rage -- the rock star of mobile communication and seemingly every office drone 's high-tech status symbol . Sober-minded professionals talked about BlackBerry addiction and "  phantom vibrations " that caused users to reach for the devices even when they were n't actually doing anything . "  It 's like Pavlov 's dog , " B. Marc Averitt , a technology investor , told The New York Times in 2007 , referring to the gut-level longing users felt for the click-clack of the phone 's keyboard and humming notice that a new personal message had arrived . Fast-forward to Thursday , and what was the word ? "  Depressing . That 's the only word that comes to mind after reading the RIM Q1 financial results press release and listening to the conference call , " Chris Umiastowski wrote for the site CrackBerry , which emerged in 2007 , eight years after BlackBerry 's first two-way paging device was released . "  But  as crappy as the results were , I 'm not going to write up a death certificate for RIM here . " He did n't . And that shows that the folks who still love their BlackBerry still really love their BlackBerry . But let 's be clear : Some analysts do say it 's over for the BlackBerry . "  Anyone who 's been paying attention is n't surprised by BlackBerry maker Research In Motion 's recent collapse , " a blogger for ReadWriteWeb wrote . "  It 's unfortunate , but it 's been inevitable . " BlackBerry maker Research In Motion announced Thursday it is laying off 5,000 people -- and said earnings for the past three months were significantly less than expected , with the company reporting a first-quarter loss of $ 518 million . Sales were down 40 % from last year . Furthermore , the new operating system it 's pinning its hopes on will be delayed until next year , or , a full year after it was originally expected . Couple all of that with more reports that the company might be looking to sell off its once dominant service , and you had what amounted to a devastating head-kick for the Canadian company . It capped off a gut-punch of a financial year that has seen RIM 's stock price drop 70 % . So , what happened ? As an even more gadget-obsessed society than we were five years ago , how did we stop being BlackBerry fiends . Photos : Our mobile "  addiction " Well , how 's this for cruel and cosmic irony ? A day after the dismal report , something called the iPhone celebrated its fifth birthday . You might have heard of it . About 217 million of them have been sold . It may not have been the very first smartphone . But Apple made it sexy . And fun . And the BlackBerry , to many , would soon become the thing they give you at work . "  Apple 's new iPhone could do to the cell phone market what the iPod did to the portable music player market : crush it pitilessly beneath the weight of its own superiority , " Lev Grossman wrote for Time . "  This is unfortunate for anybody else who makes cell phones , but it 's good news for those of us who use them . " The guy has since written a book called "  The Magicians . " He must have had a crystal ball . Critics say RIM was too slow to react . To be sure , it maintained  and , to some degree , still does  the hard-core business user more concerned about reliability and security than playing "  Angry Birds . " But for many , the thrill was gone . By the time they brought a touchscreen BlackBerry to market , the second-generation iPhone 3G was already capturing hearts and minds . And even the goal of becoming the "  other smartphone " got further away when Google unleashed its Android operating system and opened it up to phone makers everywhere . The first Android phone , the HTC Dream , hit stores in October 2008 , around the same time as the BlackBerry Thunder . Google 's quicker response paid dividends , and now there are more phones running Android phones than there are iPhones . Ditto all of the above for the BlackBerry Playbook , RIM 's entry into the tablet market that , to be kind , failed to meet sales goals . None of this , as CNNMoney notes , means your BlackBerry will be a useless brick in the near future . RIM still has 78 million subscribers and $ 2.2 billion in cash on hand . But as a cultural icon , it 's hard to see the magic of the mid-2000s returning for the BlackBerry . It 's enough to make you want to tap out a condolence note for the company -- even if many of us will be doing so on a touchscreen . ` CrackBerry , ' Jelly Bean and Apple get just desserts	After CrackBerry heyday , Research In Motion has seen hard times Maker of BlackBerry reported big losses and layoffs Apple 's iPhone release in 2007 helped start the decline RIM still has billions on hand and 78 million subscribers
CNN  -- I have interviewed Dominique Strauss-Kahn many times over the years , usually after an international summit or IMF meeting . The agenda at those interviews was the normal stuff of such events ; debt , deficits and dismal economic performance . The prospect of sitting down with the former IMF chief and asking about personal matters relating to his New York arrest seemed unseemly , and even more odd when it was to be juxtaposed with a discussion on the current economic situation . I worried Strauss-Kahn would be too timid in giving strong views on the eurozone crisis , its leaders and the problems facing the global economy . After all , why should a man now regarded as an outcast of scandal be willing to offend people anymore , especially as he was looking to rehabilitate his image ? READ MORE : Two years later , DSK still smarting over ` perp walk ' But Strauss-Kahn is a man of frank views and , even with the best will in the world , he ca n't help but want to express his opinions . He was part of the troika which negotiated the original Greek bailout in 2010 . He says the European Union 's repeated attempts to buy time has been a "  catastrophe , " leading to the Cyprus bailout . That , he added , was "  another disaster . " On the eurozone , he is not afraid to describe the "  crises in leadership " facing the union , where he says there are "  lions led by sheep . " I do n't think he had any particular leader in mind , rather a collective process in Europe built in a way that "  no hard decision can be made . " During the interview , I realize I am speaking with a man who is free of responsibility and not really worried about treading on toes . He knows his place in history will be forever defined by seven minutes in a hotel room in New York and his sexual liaison with a maid there . Charges of rape and sexual misconduct were dismissed after the prosecution admitted the victim involved had a history of lying and was not credible . WATCH : Strauss-Kahn : Europe 's banks are ` sick ' Asking Strauss-Kahn about this is embarrassing ; our interviews until now have always been about economics and financial markets , not arrests and libertine soirees . I try to lighten the moment suggesting there 's no easy way to ask these questions . He recognizes my predicament and quips back : "  There 's no easy way to answer them . " He is ready for what is coming his way . His anger at being paraded in handcuffs before the world 's press is still palpable . "  A most terrible thing ... the perp walk takes place at the moment where you are supposed to be innocent , " he told me . He maintains the events in Suite 2806 are "  private . " The problem is it 's not only the New York incident . Since then , a series of incidents have been revealed involving sexual behavior which suggests gross errors of judgment , not expected of people in high office . "  I agree , I agree , " he tells me . He calls it a "  mistake " to "  believe you could have a public life ... and that you can have a private life . " Opinion : DSK is back - anyone feel sorry for him ? He added : "  I have a problem with understanding what is expected from politicians of highest levels . " For someone who has been in the public eye for several decades , this may seem a remarkable statement . But perhaps not for someone who has been in the cloistered environment of French politics , where private and public are clearly defined and mistresses and "  libertine soirees " are ignored . Listening to Strauss-Kahn talking about the economic dangers ahead is perhaps the most interesting of our time together . After all , he is considered one of the greatest practical economic politicians of our time , bringing together theory and practice . He has a prescient warning about the forthcoming U.S.-EU trade talks . The U.S. wants to "  dominate the world " by setting the standards for trade with agreements both across the Pacific and Atlantic , he says . "  The Europeans should not be that naive . " I am not confident Europe will avoid this fate . Pulling together the strands of our talk , Strauss-Kahn has already said that the EU can not make a decent collective decision . He does n't take it this far , but I suspect he believes those sheep leading the union will lead to a trade slaughter . Our agreed time of half an hour has passed far too quickly . I am left with the impression of a man who has discovered who his friends are and is now finding out what he wants to do next . He says politics does not feature in that future . He is quite clear that he will not run for the French presidency . When asked , he says : "  No , no . " It could not be clearer . Strauss-Kahn is charming , witty , candid and perhaps cunning . He carries himself with the air of a man unafraid of his life 's next twist . He knows some people will shun him and he says he respects their view . But he also believes there are those who will seek his help and advice . And for them he is ready to serve , politics be damned .	CNN 's Richard Quest has interviewed Dominique Strauss-Kahn many times , but this time the agenda was different Quest discovered Strauss-Kahn was a man who had struggled with aspects of public life Strauss-Kahn knew his place in history would be defined by his sexual liaison with a maid in New York But , after being hit by scandal , Strauss-Kahn is unafraid of his life 's next twist
CNN  -- FIFA have permitted England 's soccer players to wear a poppy symbol to honor the country 's war dead during Saturday 's international friendly with Spain after interventions from the British Prime Minister David Cameron and Prince William . The pair wrote to football 's world governing body asking that England be allowed to wear an embroidered poppy on their shirts to remember those in the armed forces who have died in the line of duty . Remembrance Day , on November 11 , marks the anniversary of the end of the First World War and the poppy has become the traditional symbol of the occasion . English Premier League clubs wore a poppy on their shirts during last weekend 's round of matches . FIFA had initially forbidden the England national team from wearing the symbol on their shirts as it bans political , religious or commercial messages on team strips . But after Clarence House released a statement in which they said Prince William was "  dismayed " by the decision , and David Cameron told Britain 's parliament the ban was "  outrageous " FIFA relented . They have agreed the poppy symbol can now be included on black armbands England 's players will be wearing during the clash with the World and European champions at Wembley . A statement on the English Football Association 's  FA  official website read : "  While continuing to adhere to the Laws of the Game , wearing the poppy on the armband does ensure the poppy will be visible throughout the game . The FA welcomes FIFA 's decision and thanks them for agreeing to this . " FIFA had initially stood firm on their ban , stating it was applied globally to prevent shirts being used to commemorate national events or to convey political messages . They said agreeing to England 's request would "  open the door to similar initiatives " across the world and "  jeopardize the neutrality of football . " Earlier on Wednesday , Cameron said in a statement : "  The idea that wearing a poppy to remember those who have given their lives for our freedom is a political act is absurd . Wearing a poppy is an act of huge respect and national pride . " He then told parliament : "  It seems outrageous . I hope Fifa will reconsider . " Prince William , the Duke of Cambridge , wrote to FIFA in his role as president of the FA and asked for "  an exception in this special circumstance . " A spokesman for the Duke said : "  The Duke 's strong view is that the poppy is a universal symbol of remembrance , which has no political , religious or commercial connotations . " After the compromise was struck the Duke was said to be "  happy " with the resolution . "	FIFA allows England to wear poppy symbol during international with Spain The British public wears poppies to honor members of the armed forces who have died in conflict FIFA bans political , religious or commercial messages on shirts but agreed to compromise UK Prime Minister David Cameron wrote to FIFA to contest their original decision
CNN  -- The real referees were greeted with a standing ovation Thursday night as they returned to the field after a new contract was announced less than a day earlier . It may be the last time fans will voice their opinion on the recent NFL lockout that brought replacement referees to the football field . Thursday 's 23 to 16 win by the Baltimore Ravens over the Cleveland Browns went on without much controversy , a far cry from the gaffe-filled display that punctuated the first three weeks of the professional football season . For NFL officials , it 's a side job that requires a lot of work Before Thursday 's game NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said he was sorry the league felt it had to resort to the replacements , few of whom had any previous NFL officiating experience . Many were high school or low-level college officials who hold down myriad other jobs , from schoolteachers to attorneys . That ended Wednesday night when the NFL stuck a deal with officials . The eight-year deal , which must be ratified by union members , includes details about officials ' pensions and retirement benefits , and adds a pay bump from $ 149,000 a year in 2011 to $ 173,000 in 2013 . The pay will rise to $ 205,000 by 2019 . It suspended the lockout that began before the league 's preseason , leading to a series of gaffes that climaxed in a furor over a botched call that allowed the Seattle Seahawks to walk away with a victory in Monday night 's nationally televised game against Green Bay . The league acknowledged Tuesday that the Packers should have won , but allowed the result of the game to stand . NFL chief apologizes about replacement refs Goodell declined to criticize the replacements despite weeks of botched calls that raised the ire of fans nationwide . "  Everything they did , every call , was magnified , " Goodell said . "  They kept the game going . They worked hard . They trained hard . They were incredibly focused and dedicated . " Henry Zaborniak , a fill-in line judge who lives in Ohio , said it was a hard job . "  We worked as hard as we could and we did the best we could , " said Zaborniak , who spent 15 years as a Big Ten official , . "  None of us felt like we could replace the regular guys . You ca n't replace that sort of ability en masse . " What the refs were negotiating	Fans give officials standing ovation before Thursday game at Baltimore There was no signature gaffe during Thursday 's game The NFL labor deal with referees locks in pay raises , protects pensions for five years
CNN  -- Kellie Pickler calls them her favorite shows . "  When you get up onstage and you look out and you see a sea of soldiers or sea of marines or just a sea of your military in general , it 's just so overwhelming , and it just really makes you feel good , " Pickler says . The 26-year-old country music star has been singing for the troops as a USO volunteer since 2007 . She has taken part in six USO tours to bring "  a little piece of home " to servicemen and women stationed overseas , including those in Kuwait , Iraq and Afghanistan . "  I 've met so many amazing people on these USO tours , " Pickler says , recalling one of her most memorable moments from a Memorial Day trip to Afghanistan in 2012 . "  It was myself and my band and maybe 12 other soldiers that play guitar , drums , keys , " she remembers . "  We all met at the chapel on the base , and we sat there all night , I mean probably two or 2:30 , three in the morning playing old Johnny Cash songs to just everything you could think of . We just had a pickin ' party . " Pickler 's connection to the military is deeply personal . Her grandfather , a retired Marine , helped raise her . She says she developed "  a great deal of respect " for the troops growing up in a military family , which inspired her to get involved with the USO . " -LSB- The troops -RSB- need to know that we have n't forgotten about them and what they do , " she says . "  And they need to know that we 're back home supporting them and that we have their back because they have ours . " Pickler even tattooed three stars on her left arm as a reminder of her first few USO tours and her gratitude to those who serve . She encourages all Americans to find their own way to express their appreciation . "  Something as simple as when you pass someone in uniform in the airport or you 're at Starbucks getting coffee and someone in uniform walks in , just go up and say , ` Thank you . ' Shake their hand . ` Thank you for your service . Thank you for what you do . Because you do what you do , I 'm able to do what I do . ' " For more information about the USO and how you can get involved , visit USO.org .	Country singer Kellie Pickler has been on six USO overseas tours USO tours help boost the morale of military men and women stationed far from home Pickler : They need to know we have n't forgotten about them and what they do
CNN  -- Heikki Kovalainen is returning to Formula One to help the team that fired him . The experienced Finnish driver is taking on a new technical development role at Caterham to help them understand why they have fallen behind their back-of-the-grid rivals Marussia . Kovalainen will return to the cockpit in first practice for the next two grands prix in Bahrain and Spain . "  It 's great news that I 'll be on track , " the 31-year-old said . "  I 'm really looking forward to getting back to work and helping the team as much as I can . "  I 'll be taking part in the two sessions to give the team my input on the new parts we 're bringing to those races , and I 'll be working closely with the race drivers and the engineers on track to help everyone get the most out of the new package . "  I 'm physically ready to get back into the car and I know my experience can help give the team new ideas and options for directions to take on setup and strategy . " Kovalainen made his F1 debut in 2007 and went on to win his first race in Hungary as a McLaren driver the following year before moving to Caterham -- then called Lotus -- when they joined the grid in 2010 . But the Kovalainen lost his seat at CNN-sponsored Caterham in 2013 because he was not a "  pay driver " -- which meant he did not bring any money to the team . Caterham hired Frenchman Charles Pic from Russian rivals Marussia and Dutch rookie Giedo van der Garde for this season , but have fallen to 11th out of 11 teams in the constructors ' championship , behind Marussia , after the first three races . The Circuit : CNN 's F1 interactive It is important to finish inside the top 10 because that entitles teams to a greater share of the sport 's revenue and prize money . Caterham bosses hope new developments on their 2013 car will help them catch up on the Marussia and close the gap on the midfield runners . But team principal Cyril Abiteboul says that task relies on using the experience of Kovalainen , who had been with the team since they first turned a wheel . "  Heikki has six years of F1 experience behind him so he is perfectly placed to provide us objective feedback on the various types of configurations we will run and to give us an objective view of the 2013 tires against his experience with the 2012 compounds , " Abiteboul explained . "  Having invested in Heikki for our first three years of competition it would be a waste not to leverage the valuable expertise he brings . "  As F1 is a team sport , he will also provide support to Charles and Giedo , who are both doing a good job in their first months with the team . " The restructuring of Caterham 's line-up means Ma Qing Huang -- who made history when he became the first Chinese racer to drive in front of his home crowd during practice at the last race in Shanghai -- loses his role as the team 's reserve as well as his place in Caterham 's GP2 team . The 25-year-old will stay on Catherham 's driver roster , but his role has yet to be announced . U.S. driver Alexander Rossi will remain the second team reserve , but will take over Ma 's seat in the GP2 championship -- which is the official feeder F1 series for the next generation of drivers . Kovalainen 's return to F1 coincides with discussions between tire supplier Pirelli and the sport 's chief Bernie Ecclestone about the possibility of running young drivers on a new tire compound in first practice to give them vital experience in F1 . There are five drivers -- Max Chilton and Jules Bianchi of Marussia , Sauber 's Esteban Gutierrez , Valtteri Bottas of Williams and Van der Garde of Caterham -- who joined F1 in 2013 with limited experience of driving an F1 car .	Heikki Kovalainen to return to Caterham after losing seat with the team in 2013 Finnish racer will drive for Caterham in first practice in Bahrain and Barcelona Caterham want his help in understanding 2013 car and tire behavior U.S. racer Alexander Rossi takes over Caterham GP2 drive from China 's Ma Qing Hua
The big auto show in Detroit does n't kick off until next week , but major car companies are already showing off some of their more exciting car-tech prototypes here at the International Consumer Electronics Show . BMW and Audi unveiled their latest driverless car technology and conducted demonstration drives . Nevada is one of a few states where it 's legal to test drive autonomous cars , though it requires a person to sit in the driver 's seat at all times . BMW added its highly active assist technology to a modified 2 Series Coupe . The car can slide into a controlled drift to demonstrate how precise the control systems are and how it can handle a critical situation . The company has posted a video showing it in action . "  It 's like the best test driver you have , " said Dr. Werner Huber , BMW project manager driver . The car uses steering , breaking and throttle to control acceleration , deceleration and direction in very small , exact amounts . The demonstration is just one aspect of the technical building blocks required to make a self-driving car . There are also sensors , environmental modeling and decision and driving strategy technologies that BMW is working on . Those were not included on this particular test vehicle . Early automated-vehicle prototypes from car makers , universities and Google looked like Frankenstein experiments , covered in custom-hacked hardware . Now the technology is getting smaller and the necessary sensors and cameras are shrinking to barely noticeable sizes . Audi is particularly proud of decreasing the size of its computer systems , which previously filled the entire trunk of the car , into a box that 's mounted inside the glove compartment . The German car manufacturer demonstrated its Sport Quattro Laserlight concept car at CES . Audi 's real advancement this year is the compact zFAS car computer . In the future , the Nvidia powered system could be used for key automated-driving tasks like traffic sign recognition , lane departure warnings and pedestrian spotting . Size is n't the only technical challenge . Dependability is also incredibly important for a computer system driving a car . You ca n't reboot a vehicle while it 's hurtling down a highway at 60 mph . "  We ca n't have these systems crash , " said David Anderson , Nvidia 's senior automotive solutions architect . "  This is a safety critical application . " Making it legal Car makers agree that while there are many technical issues ahead , they may not be the most daunting obstacles self-driving cars face . Autonomous driving features are at least seven to 10 years away from becoming commercially available . The technology inside the cars is developing fast , but the auto industry will need at least that much time to sort out a tangle of non-hardware and software issues to clear the way for the cars . "  The main problems are regulations and laws , " said Audi 's Heribert Braeutigam . Various laws will have to be updated around the world to make it legal for automated cars to drive on the road . Car manufactures and suppliers are already forming working groups to address the topics and work with governments . "  We can only influence the technology . The framework work must be done by governments , " said Huber . Insurance and liability are particular tricky . If a car driving itself gets into an accident that results in damages or injuries , who is responsible ? The driver who was watching Netflix on a state-of-the-art car entertainment system , or the manufacturer that designed the car ? Researchers and makers of driverless cars say the technology will be far safer than people-driven vehicles because they eliminate unpredictable human errors like distracted or drunk driving , or poor reactions to emergency situations . However , the cars wo n't be accident proof . The first major accident involving the technology will be a huge public relations hurdle for the entire industry . Driverless cars ' people problem Inside the vehicle , the humans are the difficulty . "  The psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge , " Huber said . At first , cars will share driving responsibilities with their human owners . Companies are working on automated parking features or traffic assistance technology that will take over in specific scenarios under certain speed limit . There will be many times where the driver will have to actually drive , which means they will not be completely off the hook even during downtime . "  He 's not allowed to sleep , read a newspaper , or a use a laptop , " said Braeutigam , outlining some of the rules for a driver in a partially automated vehicle . The rules are to minimize the amount of time needed to turn a passive passenger into an alert driver who is in control of the car . That 's where the connected , in-car entertainment and information systems come in . They may seem like an unnecessary distraction or luxury , but they 're actually a key safety feature in the automated driving system . Car makers will want to limit drivers to only using in-car systems while not steering so the vehicle can get their attention when there 's an emergency or when they need to take over driving . An in-car system can pause movies , turn off e-mail and hide reading materials when it 's time to drive . If the driver does n't respond , it might sound alarms and blink lights , eventually turning on the hazards and slowing to a complete stop . "  We need five to 10 seconds to pull him back into driving , " Huber said . During that time , the car must be able to operate autonomously . Will the public want them ? There 's also the small matter of selling the public on automated driving . For people who love the act of driving , taking a powerful car like a BMW 2 Series Coupe and turning the action over to an automated system might seem like a waste . "  We have to interpret the driving fun in a new way , " Huber said . That means bringing content and activities to the car so that the driver can make better use of his or her 30 minutes in traffic . They 'll still be able to take over during the fun parts , zipping down a curvy country road . Privacy will be another big concern . The various sensors and in-car systems can collect data about driving patterns and locations and save that data in the cloud . The idea is to use this information to assist the driver , say updating a car 's route based on real-time mapping information . A recent report to Congress said in-car services that currently collect location data on drivers do n't always follow recommenced privacy practices . Many companies , like car makers or GPS services , share collected data with third-parties , though the report did n't find any selling the information to data brokers . The report recommended the government do more to protect drivers ' privacy . Information collection will become more prevalent in the future . Eventually , car makers hope to open up the lines of communications between individual cars on the road to better avoid traffic jams and prevent accidents . That technology is even farther off than automated driving , since car manufacturers need to come together to agree on protocols and frequencies . As cars pile on more advanced automated technology , it becomes clear they fit into the Consumer Electronics Show as much as the typical car show . They are moving beyond just being cars . "  The car is becoming a driving robot , a moving robot , " Huber said .	BMW and Audi demonstrated autonomous driving vehicles at CES in Las Vegas Self-driving cars face a number of technical , legal and human challenges The technology could appear on the roads in seven to 10 years
CNN  In tennis , a hitting partner is someone who often does more than just practice with a big star . They sometimes have to be psychologists , waiters , chauffeurs and even bodyguards . They may get to travel the world but the job is n't without its perils . Two years ago , for example , the father of Bernard Tomic , one of the most hyped players in the last decade , was found guilty of assaulting the player 's former hitting partner , Thomas Drouet . Now , one of the longest lasting relationships -- and one of the highest profile -- has come to an end . Sascha Bajin , a constant in Serena Williams ' life the past eight years , suggested on Twitter earlier this week that he was no longer working with the 19-time grand slam winner and has instead begun a partnership with Williams ' friend and tennis rival , Victoria Azarenka . Williams wished him well . Their split was confirmed by Williams ' agent , Jill Smoller , in an email to CNN.com , and Azarenka 's coach , Wim Fissette , confirmed that Bajin is indeed the two-time grand slam champion 's new hitting partner . They practiced together for the first time this week . "  I 'm very excited about having Sascha in the team , " Fissette told CNN.com in an email . "  Sascha is a great guy ... and has so much experience in working with Serena . "  I saw Sascha hit many times so I know he is just a very good tennis player . To give the player the best rhythm is extremely important . "  On the other hand I think it 's very good there is someone else in the team with experience winning grand slams . That 's always very important . Sascha knows what it is like to be in semifinals and finals in grand slams . " No one has disclosed what led to the parting of ways but Bajin was n't with Williams as she won the Australian Open in January . Bajin said he was injured , with Frenchman Jonathan Dasnieres de Veigy replacing him . Fissette , who was formerly alongside Kim Clijsters , Simona Halep and Sabine Lisicki when they either won or reached grand slam finals , said he was "  very surprised " that Bajin became available . "  Sascha was working so many years with Serena and I felt they had an excellent relationship , more than just player and hitting partner , " he said . "  I felt they were very good friends . "  But it 's not my business to know what went wrong . Maybe they both needed a new challenge . I think everybody will remember the many years they worked together and the excellent results she had during that time . " Williams , about to make her return to Indian Wells after a 14-year absence , once likened Bajin to a brother . "  Outside of my parents , I think he 's probably the most important person on the team , " Williams told USA Today in 2013 . "  He 's much more than a hitting partner . He 's my older brother . He 's family . " Bajin 's alliance with Azarenka serves as another change for the Belorussian . Azarenka split with coach Sam Sumyk -- who quickly moved on to Eugenie Bouchard -- and hired Fissette in his place in February . Azarenka is attempting to recapture top form after foot and knee injuries derailed her in 2014 . "  From the first meeting , I felt a good connection  with Azarenka  and after the first two weeks I feel a very good connection , " said Fissette . "  Vika is very motivated to get back to the top and wants to become a better player . That is what I feel on court and I believe it can be a great year for her . "  I believe it 's also great for women 's tennis that Vika is back . She is a great tennis player and an excellent entertainer . "	Serena Williams is no longer working with hitting partner Sascha Bajin Bajin , who worked with Williams for eight years , is now with Victoria Azarenka Bajin skipped this year 's Australian Open as Williams won major No. 19 Azarenka 's coach , Wim Fissette , is thrilled to have Bajin in her team
CNN  -- Who knew that 70 years after African-American pilots had to work hard to overcome the prejudices of whites in the U.S. armed services , and the nation having its first black commander-in-chief , the men known as the Tuskegee Airmen would still be doing battle with an entrenched institution of white power brokers , all based on the color of their skin . Many of you may have seen the flashy commercials advertising "  Red Tails , " the major motion picture that chronicles the amazing and true story of true American heroes : black pilots who went overseas in World War II to fight for the freedom and democracy that they could not enjoy at home . The film opens January 20 in theaters nationwide , and for its producer , George Lucas , it has been a 23-year odyssey . You would think that someone considered one of the most powerful players in Hollywood , a man who has made billions with blockbusters such as the "  Indiana Jones " and "  Star Wars " franchises , would have been able to get "  Red Tails " approved without any hesitation . Yet many African-Americans have long known that in Tinseltown , the color of your skin -- or that of the people in the story you want to tell -- often falls victim to racial pigeonholing . Oh , sure , Hollywood is seen as a liberal bastion where folks talk about equality and supporting civil rights , but when it comes to telling stories that have mostly black casts , Hollywood might as well return to the '50s and '60s and erect signs that say "  Whites Only . " When Lucas approached the major Hollywood studios about backing "  Red Tails , " he was told : Thanks , but no thanks . "  There 's no major white roles in it at all ... I showed it to all of them and they said no , we do n't know how to market a movie like this , " Lucas told Jon Stewart on The Daily Show . Let 's juxtapose that against some other facts : -- In 2008 , 69 million people voted for Barack Hussein Obama as president of the United States ; -- The most talked-about woman in America over the past 25 years was Oprah Winfrey , who redefined the talk show genre ; -- Which athlete has the top-selling jersey in the NBA ? LeBron James ; -- Who is considered the top-grossing actor ? Samuel L. Jackson ; -- Arguably the greatest entertainer of all time is Michael Jackson ; -- The greatest golfer in the world ? Tiger Woods ; -- The most dominating players in women 's tennis ? Venus and Serena Williams ; -- The top singer today ? Beyonce ; -- And hip-hop , an outgrowth of black culture , is a worldwide phenemonon . And 80 % of the consumers of hip-hop music in America are white kids . So whites all across America have come to accept African-Americans in a variety of public media , but Hollywood continues to want to tell us that somehow seeing blacks on the big screen is anathema to their values . Maybe what no one in Hollywood wants to own up to is that in many ways , it is a close-minded society where it 's hard to find African-Americans in positions of true power . In the history of Hollywood , no African-American has ever headed a major studio . Yes , we 've seen Black CEOs at American Express , Time Warner , Xerox , Merrill Lynch , Symantec and other major companies , but the doors of opportunity are closed in Hollywood . Does this mean African-Americans are n't hired ? No . But those are low-level positions where they desperately fight the good fight , knowing full well they will never ascend to the top of the food chain in Hollywood . Part of Hollywood 's problem is that when looking at a movie that has , like "  Red Tails , " a mostly black cast , it is cast as a "  black " film . "  Red Tails " is n't a black movie . It 's a war movie . It 's an action movie . It 's a story of true American heroes overcoming great odds to succeed . That was the conclusion of Alabama head football coach , Nick Saban , who showed the film to his team the night before they demolished LSU for the BCS national title . Did Saban conclude it was a black film ? Not at all , and he gave it a resounding endorsement . This racial fight may be new to George Lucas , but to African-Americans , this has been a long and painful battle . A few months ago on my TV One Cable Network Sunday show , Washington Watch , I talked with actor Brian White , who has starred in "  Stomp the Yard , " "  Fighting " and the critically-acclaimed TV show , "  Men of a Certain Age . " He told a stunning story that shows the ignorance of Hollywood regarding an independent movie he starred in with Zoe Saldana , "  The Heart Specialist . " "  Dennis Cooper , the writer , director and producer , is a Caucasian man who had some friends , " White said . "  His friend David was the inspiration for Dr. Z and Dr. Howard -- a Harvard-educated doctor that was involved with the film . And Dennis sold this great script to the studios , but he left the character descriptions out . "  When the studios found out the leads were black , they did n't want to make the movie anymore , and Dennis had to go take his own money and his friends ' money and make this movie himself and then start the long road to getting a distribution deal . " This is n't just the big studios . The Weinstein Co. produced "  The Hurricane Season , " a basketball film about two teams coming together in the wake of Hurricane Katrina to win the Louisiana state championship . Yet the movie went straight to DVD , angering lead actor Forest Whitaker , and others in the film , including Taraji Henson , Courtney B. Vance , Isaiah Washington and the rapper Bow Wow . The excuse given the actors ? The Weinstein Co. said they did n't know how to market the film . Really . A movie with basketball at the center of the story ? Folks , come on ! Hollywood defenders will be quick to say , what about Will Smith ? Denzel Washington ? Halle Berry ? What 's interesting in Hollywood is that if you 're Will Smith , Denzel Washington or a handful of others , you really are n't seen as "  black . " For them , they have crossed the post-racial threshold , and in Hollywood 's eyes , white America will watch them . But if you talk to them and so many other top Hollywood actors , they will also tell you stories of having doors slammed in their faces , and trying to get movies made featuring mostly blacks and were told , "  Ca n't you make the characters white ? " What is also at play is that for Hollywood , having one black guy in a film that has mostly whites is never called a white film . But if it 's one or two white guys in a film with mostly blacks -- uh oh , black film ! The latest excuse offered up by the Hollywood studios is that "  black films " do n't sell well overseas . What that means is that foreigners also do n't want to see African-Americans . Again , I believe the problem is how the movies are categorized . Let 's take two black men dressing up as women . When Martin Lawrence does it in "  Big Momma 's House , " that is n't marketed as a "  black film . " As a result , it grossed $ 117.5 million in the United States and $ 56.4 million worldwide . Yet Tyler Perry 's "  Madea Goes to Jail , " another movie featuring a black guy dressed as a grandmother , did $ 90 million in the U.S. , and they did n't even bother to show it overseas . Maybe that 's because Tyler Perry 's "  Madea 's Family Vacation " only did $ 50,000 in ticket sales worldwide three years earlier , and $ 63.2 million in the U.S. Now , if Hollywood knows how to sell white men dressed as women  Robin Williams in "  Mrs. Doubtfire " and Dustin Hoffman in "  Tootsie "  along with largely white casts , they ca n't figure out how to do the same for a Tyler Perry ? George Lucas has clearly expressed his fears with "  Red Tails , " hoping it opens huge so it will send a message to Hollywood that a big-budget action film with lots of black folks can be successful . The downside ? If it fails , it will be seen as a failure of ALL black action films . Several Hollywood executives told me that when the Queen Latifah-Common helmed film , "  Just Wright , " did n't meet expectations and only grossed $ 21.5 million -- it was marketed as a black film -- the result was a virtual shutdown of all romantic comedies featuring African-Americans . Yet Jennifer Aniston can put out failed romantic comedy after failed romantic comedy , and no one says "  white " romantic comedies should end . Have we returned to the days of Jackie Robinson when he could n't fail because if he did , the whole race would be set back ? That 's essentially what Hollywood is saying . I want you to go and see "  Red Tails " not because it is an historical depiction of a true period in America , but because it 's one helluva film . The action scenes are first rate and the storytelling is superb . Are the main characters black ? Yep . Just do as I do when I go and see a movie that features an all-white cast , which is most of the time : go for the enjoyment . If so , maybe the libs in Hollywood will finally realize that great stories , when sold as such , and not as a "  black " film , can bring people of all stripes to the movie theater . There used to be a time when whites could sit downstairs , and if blacks were allowed in the movie theater , had to sit upstairs . Today , it 's clear that such a racial divide is no longer in place in the seats , but now on the screen , and that 's a damn shame .	George Lucas has been on a 23-year odyssey to get "  Red Tails " into theaters The World War II action film features a predominantly black cast Hollywood has a rocky history with perceived "  black " films , Roland Martin says The studios should market good movies , not pigeonhole them , Martin says
CNN  -- Injured Formula One star Robert Kubica needs more surgery before he can start rehabilitation following his crash at the weekend . The Polish driver 's team said the 26-year-old would remain in hospital for up to three weeks after the operations in Italy , where he had been competing in a rally event . "  On Thursday , Robert should undergo some more surgery in order to stabilize the fractures to his right shoulder and right foot , " Lotus Renault announced on its website on Tuesday . "  Three or four days later , another operation will allow his elbow fracture to be stabilized as well . Robert will remain at the Santa Corona Hospital for two to three weeks . A decision will then be taken about where he should go in order to continue his rehabilitation . " The Britain-based team said Kubica , its lead driver ahead of the 2011 season , was determined to fight back from the multiple fractures . He is being treated at Santa Corona hospital in Pietra Ligure . Kubica badly hurt in rallying crash "  Yesterday , Robert was able to talk to his doctors and relatives . His medication makes him sleep quite a lot , but he is responding to all external stimulation , " the statement continued . "  He has reacted well to the news about his condition and is ready to fight for his comeback . " Kubica required several transfusions during the initial seven-hour emergency procedure to stabilize his condition after losing a lot of blood following the high-speed accident . Renault and Lotus launch new cars By Monday , Renault reported that he could move his fingers , while his surgeon Dr. Mario Igor Rosello said the lack of swelling or infection on his right forearm was also a "  good sign . " Kubica , who hit a guard rail when he lost control of his Skoda Fabia during the Ronde de Andorra rally , is certain to miss the start of the F1 season in Bahrain on March 13 . In his place , Lotus Renault could promote one of the team 's two reserve drivers -- Bruno Senna , who raced for HRT in 2010 , and Frenchman Romain Grosjean -- to line up on the grid with young Russian Vitaly Petrov .	Robert Kubica to have more operations on Thursday and then a few days later Polish driver to stay in Italian hospital for next two or three weeks He will miss the start of the F1 season on March 13 with his Lotus Renault team The 26-year-old had been UK-based team 's lead driver ahead of Bahrain opener
For the first time since facing an onslaught of criticism this year over his foreign policy views , Sen. Rand Paul spelled out his national security principles Thursday in a comprehensive speech . The Kentucky Republican , who 's aggressively laying groundwork for a potential presidential campaign , sought to paint himself as a champion of "  conservative realism , " a doctrine that skates between the hawkish and dovish ends of the foreign policy spectrum . "  Yes , we need a hammer ready , but not every civil war is a nail , " he said in New York at the Center for the National Interest , a think-tank founded by former President Richard Nixon . "  We need a foreign policy that recognized our limits , preserves our might and a common sense conservative realism of strength and action , " he added . Rand Paul : Washington 's ` barnacled enablers ' push for constant war Paul attempted to address critics that characterize his views as isolationist and was aiming to approach his speech Thursday from the perspective of a major , would-be U.S. leader , rather than a lawmaker , a spokesman told CNN before the speech . He sketched out how and when he would advocate for the use of force , saying he would only do so if he felt the United States or its interests were threatened . He said he supported the response to al Qaeda after 9/11 , for example , but disagrees with the continued U.S. presence in Afghanistan . Rand Paul takes veiled swipe at Ted Cruz "  It 's hard to understand our current objective . Stalemate and perpetual policing seems to be our mission now in Afghanistan , Iraq , Syria , " he said . " A precondition for the use of force must be a clear end and a goal . " He went on to underscore his widely known position that a president should seek authorization from Congress before taking military action . Paul recycled his own criticism that President Barack Obama , "  urged on by  former Secretary of State  Hillary Clinton , " took action in Libya without approval , yet now the country is a "  sanctuary for terror groups across North Africa . " "  America should n't fight wars where the best outcome is stalemate . America should n't fight wars when there is no plan for victory . America should n't fight wars that are n't authorized by the American people , " he said . Rand Paul responds to GOP criticism "  America should and will fight wars when the consequences -- intended and unintended -- are worth the sacrifice , " he continued . "  The war on terror is not over , and America can not disengage from the world . " He also talked at length about maintaining diplomatic relationships abroad and expressed support for using sanctions to underwrite diplomacy against countries such as Russia and Iran . And he reiterated a stance he has consistently taken : that the country 's debt is one of its biggest national security threats . Dick Cheney : Rand Paul is ` not familiar with the facts ' His speech comes as he attempts to further distance himself from the more libertarian views trumpeted by his father , three-time presidential candidate and former congressman Ron Paul . With an eye on the presidency , Rand Paul has sought to broaden his appeal to establishment Republicans and even Democrats . The attention has attracted close scrutiny of his views and past statements on foreign policy , as Paul has been known to frequently break with his own party and lean toward staying out of foreign entanglements .  Last month he slammed hawkish lawmakers for being "  barnacled enablers " that have "  never met a war they did n't like . " Rand Paul : Aid to Israel OK -- for now He was widely panned this year when he evolved in his opinion about the crisis in Ukraine , as well as the threat of ISIS in the Middle East , as both situations continued to worsen . On ISIS , for example , he penned an opinion piece earlier this summer openly questioning the value of launching airstrikes against militants in Iraq . But not long after the beheading of American James Foley , Paul became supportive of a U.S.-led air campaign against the terrorist organization -- a change that critics made sure to highlight as a massive flip-flop but what Paul reluctantly admitted as a change in views based on the situation at hand , the "  realist " side of his worldview . Thursday night , he stressed his support for airstrikes as a way to "  rebalance " the region but reiterated his opposition to another key part of Obama 's strategy : arming Syrian rebels to fight ISIS militants . He expressed doubt that ISIS will be dismantled in the future , saying in the end it will be up to the countries in the region to take care of the situation . Michael Czin , press secretary for the Democratic National Committee , argued that Paul wo n't be able to overcome confusion about Paul 's foreign policy with just one speech . "  For months , Rand Paul has been twisting in the wind , trying to explain his foreign policy vision , " he said . "  The fact is , a speech defending the indefensible wo n't make Paul 's worldview any more palatable to the American people . "	Rand Paul hits back at critics with a big foreign policy speech . Paul outlines when he thinks the U.S. should use force in foreign entanglements The Kentucky Republican is considered to be shaping a potential 2016 presidential run
Duhok , Iraqi Kurdistan  CNN  In the canvas expanse of the Shariya refugee camp , thousands of Yazidis live within hearing distance of one of Iraqi Kurdistan 's frontlines with ISIS . The vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from the town of Sinjar and fled the ISIS assault there back in August . But not everyone escaped . ISIS took thousands of Yazidis captive . Men faced a choice -- convert to Islam or be shot . But the Islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves . In its fourth edition of "  Dabiq , " the ISIS online magazine , an article titled "  The revival of slavery before the hour , " outlines the group 's twisted justification and guidelines for the enslavement of the Yazidis . "  One should remember that enslaving the families of the kuffar  infidels  and taking their women as concubines is a firmly established aspect of Shariah , " the article reads . We 're told that women who have just given birth or are breastfeeding are considered impure and can not be taken as sexual slaves -- but Hanan , 19 , was neither of those things . "  They separated all of us , " she says . "  They dragged us away by our hair . They took married women , young ones . The youngest with us was just 10 . We were all crying . "  They said we are going to marry you off , you will forget your family . " ISIS : Enslaving , having sex with ` unbelieving ' women , girls is OK For the first week , Hanan was held with 50 others , regularly beaten and threatened with torture , and fed just a bowl of rice . The group was then taken to a three story building in Mosul she described as a sex slave warehouse , where hundreds of girls and women were held . "  They would line about 50 of us up at a time , in rows of 10 . They would say do n't move , do n't cry or we will beat you . The men would come in and describe the kind of girl they wanted and then they would pick and choose as they pleased , " she recalls . She was eventually chosen , part of a group of 25 . From that group Hanan was separated into a smaller group of seven and taken into a house in a village . ` Treated like cattle ' : Yazidi women sold , raped , enslaved by ISIS Two ISIS fighters guarded the door and ordered the girls to clean and bathe themselves . "  They brought in a Yazidi girl who had been with them for two months . She was wearing the black niqab . They said to us we are going to do to you what we did to her , " Hanan says . "  The girl spoke to us in Kurdish and said they beat me , they cuffed me and raped me . " Hanan and the others decided they had to try to escape . That night they crawled out the bedroom window . "  The fourth girl jumped out , I was the fifth . I crawled to the wall and was about to jump over it and then I saw their flashlight , " she tells me . "  They caught the last two girls . " They ran , and somehow evaded capture . Four hours later they were out of ISIS territory . "  If I just see someone with a beard I start shaking , " Hanan says . Now physically free but mentally still captive , Hanan remains tormented -- like so many others , by what she has been through and what those still with ISIS are being forced to endure -- a fate worse than death . Fleeing ISIS -- A Yazidi family 's tale	Hanan , 19 , was captured by ISIS when militants took the town of Sinjar She was among the women and girls separated to be sold as sex slaves
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Virginia prosecutors are asking a state court to set a November 9 execution date for John Allen Muhammad , convicted in a series of sniper-style shootings that terrorized the Washington area in 2002 . John Allen Muhammad was sentenced to death for the slaying of Dean Harold Meyers . In a letter dated Wednesday , Senior Assistant Attorney General Katherine B. Burnett said the November date "  has been carefully coordinated with the governor 's office to insure his availability for any clemency petition Muhammad may wish to pursue . " Burnett enclosed a copy of a proposed execution order "  for the court 's convenience . " Muhammad 's attorney said he will file an appeal with the U.S. Supreme Court , and will ask the governor for clemency . During a three-week period in October 2002 , police say , Muhammad and his young protege , Lee Boyd Malvo , shot 13 people , killing 10 . The two also are suspected in other shootings and murders in Tacoma , Washington , Montgomery , Alabama , and the Washington , D.C. , area . Muhammad , now 48 , was convicted of murder in the death of Dean Harold Meyers at a Manassas , Virginia , filling station . Meyers was killed by a single bullet , which became the signature of the two-person sniper team . Ultimately , Muhammad was convicted of the Meyers ' killing and of one Maryland murder , which prosecutors there said was "  insurance " in case the Virginia conviction was overturned . Malvo was convicted of one Virginia shooting and was sentenced to life imprisonment . Muhammad 's attorney , Jon Sheldon , released the prosecutor 's letter Friday . The letter , addressed to the chief judge of the Prince William County Circuit Court , says the court must hold a hearing within 10 days of receiving the letter , and must set an execution date no later than 60 days after the hearing . Since Muhammad is not required to be at the hearing , Burnett asks that the court conduct the hearing by means of a conference call .	Execution date proposed for convicted D.C. sniper John Allen Muhammad Police say Muhammad , Lee Boyd Malvo shot 13 people , killing 10 Muhammad 's lawyer says he will seek clemency
CNN  -- Thousands of angry demonstrators gathered in Paris Saturday to demand answers over the deaths of three Kurdish women activists found shot dead Thursday in mysterious circumstances . French police union spokesman Christophe Crepin said tensions were high at the protest , which some 15,000 people attended . Officers are expected to arrest a number of people for throwing objects at police , he said . Security was also stepped up at the Turkish Embassy in Paris . The French investigation into the slayings of the three Kurdish women -- named by Turkish officials as Sakine Cansiz , Fidan Dogan and Leyla Soylemez -- is ongoing . Read more : How Paris killings could renew Kurdish flashpoint Cansiz , the oldest of the three women murdered in the Paris offices of the Information Center for Kurdistan , was famous for being a co-founder of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK . Turkey , the United States and the European Union label the PKK a terrorist organization . There is still no clear evidence as to what lies behind the apparent assassinations . Read more : 3 Kurdish women political activists shot dead in Paris But many in Turkey fear that the triple murder could derail delicate peace talks between the Turkish government and the PKK , which launched a guerrilla war against the Turkish state nearly 30 years ago . Kurdish activists have pointed the finger at possible Turkish involvement , while political leaders in Turkey have nodded to a possible feud within the PKK . Report : Turkey 's Kurdish conflict has turned more violent Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan called on the French authorities Saturday to find the killers , the semiofficial Anatolian news agency reported . He also questioned why French President Francois Hollande had said the women were involved in talks with French officials . "  How can France hold talks with these people who are members of PKK that was also declared terrorist organization by the EU ? " Erdogan is quoted as saying . Turkey had contacted French authorities in November about the presence of Cansiz , he said . The activist was previously detained in Germany in 2007 but Turkey 's extradition request was not met , he added . An autopsy Friday found that two of the women were killed by three gunshot wounds to the head and the third by four shots to the head , a spokeswoman for the Paris prosecutor 's office told CNN . Erdogan had previously suggested the deaths "  could be an internal settling of scores , or it could be an initiative that was taken to create an obstacle in the way of the new honest steps we are taking , " according to the Anatolian news agency . But the PKK rejected suggestions that the killings were part of an internal feud . Read more : Turkish town on Syrian border deals with fighting , ethnic differences In a statement published by the Firat News Agency , a pro-PKK web portal , the PKK 's Executive Committee blamed the murders on "  international powers and the Turkish gladio . " "  Gladio " refers to alleged shadowy paramilitary groups accused of carrying out acts of political violence on behalf of the Turkish state . "  It is not possible for this bloody attack to be carried out in a central place like this without the support of international intelligence services and states , " the PKK added . The Turkish government issued a security warning to Turkish diplomatic missions in France and throughout Europe . Read more : Turkey police crack down on Kurds Several hundred mostly Kurdish demonstrators gathered for a rain-soaked but peaceful protest in front of the French Consulate in Istanbul on Friday . A Kurdish lawmaker told CNN that the bodies of all three Kurdish activists were expected to be sent from France to Turkey for funerals . "  This could be a bullet that is shot in the head of the peace talks , " said Sebahat Tuncel , a parliament member from the pro-Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party , speaking to CNN after Friday 's peaceful protest . But , she added , "  we should not suspend a possible peace process . " Read more : Kurdistan officials hope Iraq will allow Turkish minister in Kurdish activists accuse the Turkish government of decades of discriminatory policies against the country 's largest ethnic group . Turkish security forces have arrested thousands of Kurds in recent years on suspicion of terrorist activities . Last fall , the Turkish government initiated a new attempt at dialogue with Ocalan . The PKK leader is serving a life sentence in a prison on the Turkish island of Imrali . "  We knew achieving peace would be difficult , we knew there would be provocations ... we did not expect them to happen in France , " said Tuncel , the Kurdish lawmaker . More than 40,000 people have been killed in one of the Middle East 's longest-running conflicts . Read more : Syria rebels , Kurdish militia discuss cease-fire Journalists Dheepthi Namasivayam and Charles Pellegrin contributed to this report .	Demonstrators rally in Paris to protest the killing of three Kurdish women activists A French investigation into the triple murder continues Turkey 's prime minister calls on the French authorities to find the killers Speculation is rife over any link between the deaths and peace talks with the PKK
CNN  -- Following a volatile week in Myanmar that has seen a surge in deadly sectarian violence , a group of Islamic organizations in the country announced that it had canceled all celebrations for Eid al-Adha , the four-day religious holiday observed by many Muslims . No reason was given in the announcement from the All Myanmar Islam Association , a collaboration of five major Islamic organizations there . But locals are seeing it as a precautionary measure after the violence in recent days . Clashes between Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims have flared this week , killing dozens of people and burning thousands of homes to the ground in the western state of Rakhine . There has been tension between the two ethnic groups since May , when violence began after three Muslim men were arrested on suspicion of raping and killing a Buddhist woman . New satellite imagery obtained by Human Rights Watch shows what it said was extensive destruction of buildings in a predominantly Rohingya area of the coastal town of Kyauk Pyu . The swath of arson , the group said , stretched over 35 acres and included houseboats and floating barges . The government in Myanmar "  urgently needs to provide security for the Rohingya ... who are under vicious attack , " said Phil Robertson , deputy Asia director of Human Rights Watch . "  Unless the authorities also start addressing the root causes of the violence , it is only likely to get worse . " The Rohingya are a stateless Muslim minority who say they have been persecuted by the Myanmar military during its decades of authoritarian rule . Myanmar does n't recognize them as citizens . Q&A : What 's behind the sectarian violence in Myanmar ? Unrest between the Rohingya and majority Buddhists has tested President Thein Sein 's administration , which is trying to seek reconciliation with Myanmar 's different ethnic groups and move the country toward more democratic governance . The government has sent extra security into the troubled region and declared a state of emergency . The president 's office warned Thursday that "  manipulators " behind the violence can expect to be found and prosecuted . Opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi , speaking in Parliament on Friday , called for a greater security presence and urged authorities to investigate suspected human rights offenses . CNN 's Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	A group of Islamic organizations in Myanmar has canceled Eid al-Adha celebrations There have been violent clashes this week between Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims Dozens of people have been killed , and thousands of homes have been burnt down
Washington  CNN  -- Federal judges struck down Texas lawmakers ' plans for new congressional and state legislative districts Tuesday , finding the maps were designed to discriminate against minorities . The ruling by a three-judge panel is at least a temporary victory for the Obama administration , which had challenged the redistricting plan drawn up after the 2010 census . Those plans require Justice Department approval under Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act . "  The Department is pleased that the district court has denied Texas 's request for pre-clearance , " the agency said . The summary opinion of the three Washington judges declared the redrawn lines were intentionally designed to discriminate against racial and language minorities , noting that Texas officials "  did not adequately engage with the evidence " presented . The Justice Department had challenged the redistricting plans for congressional districts and state House of Representatives seats . It did not challenge the state Senate district lines , but the court said that plan also showed intentional discrimination . The Republican-led Legislature and Texas Gov. Rick Perry had defended the plans . An official familiar with the case said Texas would promptly appeal the decision to the U.S. Supreme Court . The Republican-led Legislature and Texas Gov. Rick Perry had defended the plans . Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott , also a Republican , blasted the court 's ruling . "  The Attorney General 's office will continue defending the maps enacted by the Texas Legislature , and will immediately take steps to appeal this flawed decision to the U.S. Supreme Court , " Abbott said in a statement on the decision . Texas officials made clear appealing the disputed original maps enacted by the state Legislature that were struck down Tuesday will not affect the November elections . Interim maps , which were drawn by a lower federal court in San Antonio , will be used as planned for this year 's elections . In January : Supreme Court rejects court-drawn Texas redistricting map	NEW : Texas officials will appeal "  this flawed decision , " the state 's attorney general says The court found Texas districts were drawn to discriminate against minorities The ruling is a win for the Justice Department , which challenged the maps
RealSimple.com  -- For this constantly bickering couple , talking about divorce forced them to re-evaluate and revamp their differing communication styles . Akilah and Kris Richards Lawrenceville , Georgia Married eight years When Akilah and Kris became friends in the 10th grade , she was the extroverted captain of the cheerleading squad and the student-government vice president . He was a precocious student  he had skipped a grade  and a serious artist who preferred drawing to , well , people . Still , they clicked . "  I liked that Kris was really laid-back , " says Akilah , 33 , "  and he appreciated my big personality . " RealSimple.com : What is your body language saying ? She and Kris , 32 , lost touch after graduation but reconnected through an old pal four years later . Their friendship picked up where it had left off and slowly evolved into something more . "  After one phone call , in which we joked about the typical day of a married couple , I knew he would be my husband , " Akilah recalls . Problems started shortly after their 2002 marriage . They bickered over everything , from Kris 's habit of leaving his shoes in the front hallway to how often the home office should be cleaned .  The couple jointly own their own businesses .  A slight difference of opinion would leave them fuming for days . "  We 'd high-five each other if we could go three days without a fight , " Akilah admits . The qualities the couple once prized in each other -- Akilah 's verve and attitude , Kris 's easygoing manner -- were now sources of irritation . When faced with a problem , Akilah preferred to lay everything out on the table , while Kris , who hates conflict , would try to drop the subject . "  Now I realize avoiding the issue just made everything get worse , " he says . All that pent-up frustration was bound to explode -- and it did , on one wintry evening in December 2009 . Akilah and Kris had taken their two daughters to a Kwanzaa celebration . When their five year old , Marley , climbed onto the stage during a performance , Kris was appalled by her behavior and gave her a stern dressing down . Akilah thought he was overreacting and angrily told him so . Kris withdrew coldly . The pair drove home in sullen silence , put Marley and her younger sister , Sage , three , to bed , and once again began to fight . Akilah knew she had reached a tipping point in the marriage . Throughout her teens , she had watched her mother struggle in a troubled relationship . "  I remember all the anger and raised voices , " she says . "  My mother was unhappy but stayed with her boyfriend for years . That was not what I wanted for myself . " A few days later , Akilah told Kris she intended to call a divorce lawyer . He was shocked and saddened . But he did n't want to argue anymore , either . Numbly , he agreed . RealSimple.com : 10 ways to make your marriage divorceproof Soon after , the couple sat down to rehearse how they would break the news to their daughters . And Kris surprised Akilah . Calmly , he started asking her questions that warranted thoughtful answers , like "  How can I speak honestly when you lash out at what I say ? " Once Akilah realized her husband was genuinely trying to understand what had gone wrong between them , she says , "  I was willing to stop saying ' I quit ' and get into the thick of things with him . " Akilah and Kris discussed what was upsetting about the other 's communication style . Kris felt Akilah tended to cross-examine him . Akilah needed Kris to talk to her rather than retreat . To break the cycle , Kris proposed they set aside a period of time to think through an issue before hashing out a solution . And when Akilah felt herself acting like an imperious prosecutor , she would reach out and take Kris 's hand . "  That simple gesture reminded me of what matters -- our relationship -- not the details of some trivial incident , " she says . Today the two still have their scuffles , "  but we get through the conflicts better and faster , " says Kris . During a recent trip to New York City , Akilah was irked when Kris scheduled a client appointment that took up some of the time they had planned to spend sightseeing . "  A year ago , we would have gotten in a snit and gone our separate ways for the day , " says Akilah . This time they talked it through and took advantage of the hours they could be together . "  A lot of people have a misconception that marriage is the culmination of a relationship , " says Kris . "  Far from it . Marriage is a constant process of finding the best possible way to connect with another person -- and that 's what Akilah and I want from each other . " Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Akilah and Kris bickered over everything shortly after they married in 2002 When faced with a problem , Akilah preferred to talk ; Kris would try to drop the subject While rehearsing divorce talks for daughters , couple explored relationship Learning to understand each others ' feelings saved their union
CNN  -- There were headlines when one of Tesla 's Model S electric cars caught fire in late October after the battery case was pierced by a piece of road debris . There were bigger headlines , and much speculation , when within six weeks , a second and then a third Model S fire occurred in the wake of accidents . The fires are regrettable and must be investigated . No one is suggesting otherwise . We all need to know whether there 's a flaw in the Model S that must be corrected . But to use these incidents to question the viability of Tesla as a company is wrong . This is a company that has achieved the remarkable in launching a new automobile , a new propulsion technology and a new automobile manufacturing enterprise in just a few short years and against very long odds . Tesla 's brilliant but often blustery chairman , Elon Musk , quickly came to the defense of his company 's groundbreaking vehicle , going so far as to claim that Tesla asked the government to investigate the cause of the fires -- a claim that National Highway Traffic Safety Agency Administrator David Strickland disputes . NHTSA is investigating , Strickland said , but the agency made that decision on its own , with no request from the automaker . News about the fires has been overtaken by the announcement of NHTSA 's investigation , the squabble between Musk and Strickland and the tumble in the price of Tesla 's stock as investors began distancing themselves from a company that until those three fires had been a Wall Street darling . The whole thing is a shame . This has become much more than a query into a very few vehicle fires . Electric cars have been politicized and many are taking the Tesla fires as a sign that electric vehicles are too new , too different and too dangerous to be allowed on our roads . Additionally , some in the investment community and a few politicians critical of Tesla and other electric vehicle developers for using government loans have made the fires a referendum on Tesla itself .  Tesla , which received loans from the Department of Energy 's new technology program , repaid its loans nine years early . Tesla has won the backing of two big players , Toyota and Daimler , which have ownership stakes in the company . Whether it remains independent or eventually is absorbed by another carmaker , it is unlikely to end up on the scrap heap . It may transpire that Tesla needs to redesign its cars -- or at least the location or shielding of the batteries -- in order to help prevent further fires . But to turn that into an indictment of electric vehicles in general would be wrong as well . The two Tesla fires in the United States occurred when their battery cases were pierced by metal objects struck when the vehicles were moving at high speeds . The third fire , in Mexico , occurred when a speeding driver lost control and hit a stone wall . Yet while a Tesla 's battery is directly beneath the car 's passenger cabin , the flames were channeled to the front , where an engine would be if Teslas had gas engines . This is part of the Model S safety design . The passenger cabins did n't burn . The cars ' safety systems warned the drivers to pull over and get out because something was amiss . The same type of accident involving a conventional gasoline-fueled vehicle might not have resulted in a fire . But think of the damage a hefty metal trailer hitch or length of scrap iron could do after piercing a conventional vehicle 's relatively thin floor and entering the passenger cabin . It 's not a pretty picture . The location of the Tesla 's battery pack may well have saved one or both drivers from terrible injury in the road debris incidents , even though the cars burned . Meantime , a typical conventional car with 15 gallons of gas on board carries the explosive power of 210 sticks of dynamite . But most of us drive around all day long blissfully ignoring that deadly potential . Gasoline is the devil we know , and familiarity lets us overlook its flaws . Electric cars , though , are new and different and challenge the status quo . That makes them a target for suspicion and for criticism . We are not comfortable with things we do n't know . We wo n't know until NHTSA completes its investigation whether the design of the Model S is inadequate . We should wait until then before contemplating obituaries -- for Tesla or for the electric vehicle . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John O'Dell .	Tesla 's Model S electric cars have caught fire three times in recent months John O'Dell : We need to know whether there 's a flaw that needs to be corrected But it 's wrong to use this to question viability of the company or electric cars , he says O'Dell : Electric cars are new and different , but they should n't be target for suspicion
The International Olympic Committee is set to hold urgent talks over the future of the Winter Olympics following the Sochi Games ' exorbitant cost . The 2014 event in Russia cost an estimated $ 50 billion and IOC members are concerned that candidates will be frightened off applying to host the Games . Earlier this month , Norway withdrew its candidature to host the 2022 Games , while Stockholm , Krakow and Lviv have also pulled out of the running . Gian-Franco Kasper , president of the International Ski Federation  FIS  and an influential member of the IOC , says the entire bidding process and cost of the Games needs to be addressed when the governing body meets in Monaco next month . "  We 'll have an extraordinary IOC session in December , " Kasper told CNN , referring to the IOC meeting on December 8 and 9 . "  We have to change a lot of things , the whole bidding process will be changed . "  The costs for organizers will change to a certain extent . The IOC will give them additional financial support . " Reflecting on Sochi 's cost , Kasper admitted the 2014 Games had created a perception that hosting a major event was prohibitively expensive . "  Russia did what we did in our ski resorts in 150 years in five years , that of course costs money . "  And then they did it in the Russian way , as big and as beautiful as possible . But more than 5 $ 0 billion was just too much , there 's no question . " There are currently just two cities vying to host the 2022 Games -- Beijing and Almaty , Kazakhstan . Earlier this month , Thomas Bach , president of the IOC , said there would be a proposal to "  change the philosophy of the bidding " for future editions of the Games . Bach said the IOC wants to address the issue of reducing the cost of the Games . "  We see with the 2022 bids that we are living in a time of world crisis , financial crisis and that there are of course -- and that is legitimate -- more questions being asked by the people about the financing of the Games . " The next Winter Games takes place in Pyeongchang , South Korea , in 2018 .	IOC to discuss budgets of future Winter Games Gian-Franco Kasper backs changes to current format Only two cities competing to host 2022 Olympics Pyeongchang to welcome world in 2018
Greenland , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Rick Perry aimed Saturday to shift attention from Iowa 's straw poll to New Hampshire and South Carolina , where he told conservative activists he is seeking the 2012 Republican presidential nomination . The Texas governor addressed a group of voters in Greenland , New Hampshire , a state where he is expected to launch an aggressive campaign . "  It 's time to get America working , folks , and that 's the reason I am announcing my candidacy today to be president of the United States , " he said , as supporters cheered . Perry came in sixth as an unofficial write-in on the nonbinding Ames Straw Poll . Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann , Texas Rep. Ron Paul and former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , as expected , took the top three positions in the vote . Perry spoke at the home of Deputy House Speaker Pam Tucker , one of several state officials who had previously traveled to Austin , Texas , to woo the governor . Perry told his supporters that he intends to "  compete for every vote in every state " and vowed to cover the country during the course of his campaign . He addressed Barack Obama directly during his speech , telling the president : "  You ca n't win the future by selling it off to foreign creditors . " He called the recent Standard and Poor 's downgrade of the U.S. credit rating one of a "  number of recent downgrades . " Earlier in the day , Perry announced that he would run for the Republican nomination at the RedState Gathering in Charleston , South Carolina , one day after meeting with Alabama Republicans . "  I came to South Carolina because I can not accept the path the country is on , " Perry said . "  A renewed nation needs a new president . " Perry recited a litany of issues facing America , including debt , high unemployment and hefty energy costs . Leadership under Obama , he said , is "  rudderless . " "  It 's time to believe the promise of our future is better than the best days behind us , " Perry said to applause . He launched his presidential campaign website , rickperry.org , shortly before the announcement . The timing of the announcement buttressed Perry 's bid to get attention on a busy day in American politics : His South Carolina speech started the same hour as those given by candidates making a pitch for straw poll votes in Iowa . Merle Black , a political science professor at Emory University in Atlanta , said Perry 's appeal to both social and fiscal conservatives could be crucial in the South Carolina Republican primary , which every GOP presidential nominee has won since 1980 . "  He would appeal to tea party Republicans , he would appeal to the individuals who are interested in job creation in the state , " Black told CNN . "  He can also , I think , appeal to evangelical Christians , and the overlap between evangelical tea party Republicans , economic development Republicans -- those are a lot of voters in a South Carolina Republican primary . " South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley helped kick off the RedState conference , saying Republicans will unite to defeat Obama . Perry told the South Carolina crowd that he has helped cut taxes and government spending in Texas . Meanwhile , Obama campaign spokesman Ben LaBolt struck back , saying Perry "  pledged to support the ` cut , cap and balance ' plan that would preserve subsidies for oil and gas companies and tax cuts for the wealthiest while ending Medicare as we know it , eroding Social Security , eliminating hundreds of thousands of jobs and erasing investments in education and research and development . " In a statement , LaBolt claimed the governor "  allowed special interests to write their own rules , hired corporate lobbyists to oversee corporations , and cut funding for programs that would create opportunity for middle-class families . " Perry succeeded George W. Bush in the Texas governor 's office and has held that job longer than anyone in state history . His entry into the race will shake up the Republican field , putting Perry into direct competition with Bachmann for core right-wing support . Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , if she runs , also would vie for that backing . A CNN/ORC International poll released Thursday showed 15 % of Republican and independent voters who lean toward the GOP picked Perry as their choice for the Republican nomination . That put Perry , still a noncandidate at the time , just 2 percentage points behind former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , considered the front-runner in the nominating process . Romney 's advantage over Perry is within the survey 's sampling error . Working the crowd in Iowa , Romney said Friday that he expects a "  more interesting contest " with Perry in the field . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Tom Cohen and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	The candidate tries to shift attention from the Iowa straw poll The Obama campaign criticizes Perry 's policies The governor announces his presidential bid to conservatives in South Carolina He will make a big push to win the crucial primary there and in New Hampshire
CNN  -- It was like Mary Pipher was on a runaway train of success . She had multiple best-selling books and was much in demand as a therapist and an inspirational speaker . And at one point in 2002 , she felt like she had given all she could give , and she suffered a meltdown . She detailed the struggles in her life and her recovery in her latest book , "  Seeking Peace : Chronicles of the Worst Buddhist in the World . " And in the wake of that book , she is sounding an alarm about danger of being a joyless "  constant working machine . " "  If you ask anyone how they 've been any more , they always say , ` busy , ' " Pipher said . "  I 'm just stubborn enough that sometimes I say , ` You know , it 's been really slow for me lately , ' just to see people 's shocked looks , because nobody in America ever says that anymore . " Pipher , the author of "  Reviving Ophelia , " an acclaimed book that examined the stresses and perils young girls face , took some time off to heal herself by just sitting and enjoying simple things like birdwatching and viewing sunsets . Now that she has slowed down , she 's noticed how so many adults are living at a fast pace despite their feelings of being burdened , anxious and confused . She also fears that her too-busy country has developed what she calls "  a culture of anhedonia , " or the lack of ability to feel pleasure and joy . "  People just are not laughing as much , " Pipher said , adding that she rarely hears anyone walking around singing or whistling , like she did growing up . The psychologist says many people fault themselves for being too busy and think they just have to grab more control of their lives . Women put too many expectations on themselves : having a career , being physically fit , being in good relationships with family and friends , reading good literature , doing community work , recycling and buying green , and being involved in some sort of spiritual quest . And when they fail to accomplish all that in one day , she said , "  they go to sleep thinking , ' I did n't get done what I needed to , and somehow that is my fault . ' " Men are also heading down the path of feeling like a failure , as more of them share the "  second shift " work of child care , cooking and cleaning at home . But the workplace has n't shifted much to accommodate men who are more involved in their families , Pipher says . People 's efforts to squeeze so much more work into the unchanging number of hours in a day has caused them to abandon the mammalian rhythms that "  we 've operated on since the beginning of the human race . " Breaking those natural rhythms , Pipher says , leads people to avoid eye contact as they tell themselves it might distract them from the busy and important work that they 've got to rush to do . Also , moving too fast makes it difficult to see anything that is n't moving at the same speed , again leading to people not seeing each other . "  That 's got to be some kind of enormous human tragedy on a cultural level , " she noted . "  Our time famine is actually diminishing the quality of the human experience in a very serious way . " Our too-frenetic lives also dulls our senses , she says , leading us to "  lose all capacity for joy , because joy comes from actually appreciating and being in the senses and being in the body . " Pipher realizes that most people do n't have the ability or the money to take an extended leave , like she did for about three months . But she says there are other ways they can slow down . The author says she has become a "  seeker of moments " : those times when you stop in your tracks and really pay attention to something beautiful or feel a connection to another person . She suggests ways others can capture such moments :  Take part in any daily practice that allows for stillness and quiet , such as meditation , sitting and drinking a cup of tea , stopping to watch a sunset or just lying in bed and being aware of your breathing for five minutes every morning before getting up .  Make a gratitude list at the end of the day to remind you where there was joy , or something spontaneous or fun during the day .  Choose to make human connections by looking directly into the eyes of the barista taking your latte order , your coworker or your child 's teacher or day care provider .  Set aside an area in your home -- a room or even a chair -- that is the quiet or calm spot . And any member of the family can go there and be undisturbed while they "  deal with their own inner architecture for a little while . "  Turn off machines and live as close as possible to olden times by walking , talking or cooking with others .  Interact with pets . "  Dogs and cats move at the same speed in 2010 as they did in 1910 , " so there is a calmness in being with them , and they do n't care if you 're a high achiever or successful or well-paid .	Best-selling author Mary Pipher : People work so much they miss joy , other people She says people fault themselves for being too busy , try to grab more control "  Time famine is actually diminishing the quality of the human experience "
CNN  -- An Independence Day celebration ended in tragedy when three boats collided near a Miami marina , killing four people and injuring as many as a dozen more , authorities said . The accident happened near the Dinner Key Marina in Biscayne Bay around 10:45 p.m. Friday following a fireworks display , as a crowd of boaters was making their way back to shore . "  One vessel crashed into another , then that vessel hit a third , " Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission Officer Jorge Pino said Saturday . Pino said up to five people were thrown into the water after the crash and as many as 12 were transported to local hospitals . Those hurt include several children with minor injuries . Two victims died at a hospital Friday night , he said , and two more deceased victims were found in the water Saturday morning . One person is hospitalized in critical condition , according to Pino . Afterward , at least one of the boats towed back to shore had a gaping hole in its side . "  It 's possible that these boats were rushing to get back to the boat ramp to get out of the water , " Pino said . The commission is investigating the tragedy and has not yet released the names or ages of any of the victims .	As many as 12 injured boaters were taken to local hospitals , state official says The incident took place near a marina in Biscayne Bay late on July 4th An official says boats may have been rushing to get back to the boat ramp 2 died Friday night at a hospital ; 2 more dead were found in the water Saturday , he adds
CNN  -- Mitt Romney had another debate Saturday night in which he did n't make many mistakes , was smooth , knowledgeable , even presidential . It was his worst performance yet . The game has changed , and someone forgot to tell him . He is behind in national polls , and this time it 's serious : His main rival , Newt Gingrich , is polling well not just in Iowa , but also across the country . Saturday night 's debate was on a major network , with a wide audience , in the first state in the nation to hold a caucus -- and there is only one more debate before that voting . The conclusion is inescapable . Romney blew it . Let me reiterate something I 've said before  it ca n't be overstated  : Your debating strategy must change based on your position . If the debate team I coach is a heavy favorite in a debate , I coach the debaters to keep doing the same things that made them the favorite . But if we 're an underdog , we will approach the debate with an entirely different argumentative strategy . Mitt Romney is still debating the way he was six months ago . He 's debating not to lose instead of debating to win . And that 's a mistake , given the rise and potential staying power of Gingrich . Romney committed three major errors in Saturday evening 's debate . And what is maddening is that they were all opportunities for him to differentiate himself from Gingrich -- but he failed each time . The first error was when George Stephanopoulos directed a possible bonanza question to Romney . He asked Romney if he was more conservative  his potential weakness  and more electable  his potential strength  than Gingrich . Perfect softball . In one answer , Romney could erase doubts about his conservatism for the base of Republican voters and he could talk about how he is the only candidate who can beat Obama  as evidenced in polls  . Romney 's answer ? Moon mining . Seriously . After starting with some generic answer about the direction of the country , his first specific example was that he was different from Gingrich on moon colonies . "  We could start with his idea to have a lunar colony that would mine minerals from the moon . I 'm not in favor of spending that kind of money to do that . " That was his "  go to " answer . Awful . Romney never mentioned his conservative principles or background , and he never attacked Gingrich on electability . Not even once . Romney 's second mistake was that he was shallow when he should have been on the attack . Gingrich recently said the Palestinians were an "  invented " people . While Romney held his own in an exchange on this issue , saying he was not a rhetorical "  bomb thrower " who would hurt our allies , he did not take the argument as far as he should have . One of Gingrich 's perceived weaknesses is his imprudence , rhetorical and otherwise . Romney could have hammered home an argument that Gingrich would be a poor chief statesman because of his often-inappropriate outspokenness . Finally , when the other candidates teamed up on both Gingrich and Romney , as they did with health care  Bachmann 's new angle of attack for the evening was calling the two "  Newt Romney "  , Romney needed to immediately separate himself from Gingrich . Why ? If Gingrich is leading , and the voters think he and Romney are identical , then why would they vote for Romney ? They would n't . But Romney did n't ever get the separation he needed . The teamwork was effective , and both Gingrich and Romney were grouped together time and time again . This did not help Romney . For his part , Gingrich seemed to escape the other candidates ' criticism , partly because it was split  some attacks were aimed at Romney  , and because the discussion did not stay on one topic for long enough to make Gingrich defend his positions in depth . He was able to get out his front line of debate answers , and that was good enough to get him by without too much damage . In any form of debate , if you want your attacks to stick , you must stay with them for an extended period of time so you can rebut the answer of the opponent you are attacking . This did not happen last night , and is one of the weaknesses of these presidential debates . But Gingrich was far from passive , stepping up repeatedly to attack . A favorite line : "  I am a Reaganite , I 'm proud to be a Reaganite . I will tell the truth even at the risk of causing some confusion , sometimes with the timid . " That 's what the Republicans are looking for . They want tough conservative talk and someone who can take the fight to Obama . Gingrich behaved as though he was ready and willing to do so . And Romney missed his chance in this debate . There is only one more debate before the new year and before the voting begins in Iowa . I would suggest Romney take a serious look at changing his approach . Staying the course might feel safe , but it is no longer a winning strategy . Sometimes you risk everything when you refuse to take risks . Does Romney really want to bet the nomination on the hopes that Gingrich will implode ?  He really needs to stop betting in these debates , by the way . A $ 10,000 bet he offered to Perry , over Perry 's accusation that he 'd excised one of his positions from a later edition of his book , could not have helped him in the heartland . Debating not to lose is perhaps the riskiest thing Romney can do at this point . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Todd Graham .	Todd Graham : Mitt Romney had a bad debate in Iowa , did n't seem to know he 's trailing in polls He says Romney needed new strategy , but he blew chances to go after front-runner Gingrich When other candidates attacked him and Gingrich , Romney failed to differentiate himself Graham : Gingrich acted ready to take on Obama ; Romney acted as if he were trying not to lose
CNN  -- Democratic candidates who run from President Obama in red states where he is unpopular are making a big mistake . Their holding Obama at arm 's length deprives voters of a clear choice at the ballot box . Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes is a great candidate for the U.S. Senate and is running a solid campaign . But she made a mistake when she refused to answer the question from the Louisville Courier-Journal about which presidential candidate she voted for in 2012 . Grimes should have said she voted for President Obama and then gone on to explain her policy differences with him . By ducking the question , all she did was make news out of her refusal to give a routine answer to a routine question . If Grimes does n't care for Obama or what he stands for or has accomplished , just say so . Like most Democrats running this fall , Grimes can not win the election without the support of the Democratic base , and the Democratic base expects her to vote for a Democratic president against his Republican opponent . Having forthrightly identified herself as a Democrat , Grimes can go on to explain what kind of Democrat she is -- a Clinton Democrat , a moderate Democrat , a Kentucky Democrat , a Blue Dog Democrat , or simply a woman who has shown voters that she is wise and if elected , will work hard to put their interest first -- not simply try to score partisan points . Grimes is more than a match for incumbent Sen. Mitch McConnell . She is every bit as tough as him , without his baggage of government shutdowns , his focus on making Obama a one-term president  and failing at it  , and his love of extreme partisan politics . She hit hard in the only debate of the race . "  Sen. McConnell 's 30-year record $ " it 's gridlock , it 's obstruction , it 's extreme partisanship that 's cost this nation a 16-day government shutdown . We ca n't afford to go in that direction . My record speaks for itself . I 'm an independent thinker who does what 's right for the people of Kentucky , not partisan politics . " The best McConnell seemed to be able to do was to mock her criticism of fabulous wealth : "  Let me tell you : Her family has made more off the government in the last 10 years than I 've been paid in a salary in all my time in the Senate , " he said . OK , they are both wealthy , but what about the voters in Kentucky . Who 's looking out for them ? McConnell , who is the self-acknowledged "  Proud Guardian of Gridlock , " tried to make his gun-to-the-head negotiating  My way , or I shove the U.S. over the fiscal cliff  appear as compromising . It did n't work , and that 's largely why he 's in trouble now . Voters truly want to believe that candidates will attempt to find common ground . Grimes , by contrast , forthrightly supported Obamacare and Kentucky 's governor , calling him "  heroic " for taking on McConnell so Kentuckians can have the financial security and health care they need . If there is one rule for Democrats this year it is , "  Do n't demoralize and demobilize the Democratic base . " She may , in fact , never tell anyone her ballot vote . But , Grimes does herself , and her party , no good by sidestepping her party 's leader . By electing the libertarian Rand Paul to the U.S. Senate and a Democratic governor , Steve Beshear , who has implemented health care reform on the state level , Kentucky voters have proven that they are willing to elect politicians with a wide array of views . Prior to the debate and Grimes ' refusal to answer the question about who she voted for in the last presidential election , the polls have seesawed between McConnell and Grimes , but McConnell never breaks 50 % . For an incumbent to be stuck below 50 % is a danger sign , and Mitch McConnell is the ultimate incumbent -- a figure of Washington , D.C. , not Kentucky . If she is to survive the final weeks of campaigning , Grimes must pivot back to the issues and perhaps even make some real news by saying what she will do for six years if elected versus trying to compete with McConnell on what to do to stop President Obama from doing his job for two more years . Grimes is 35 with a long career ahead of her . If she does n't win this time , does she want the Democratic base to boycott her for decades to come ? Bill Clinton started in Arkansas as a supporter of George McGovern , proving that a progressive Democrat can win in a conservative border state . She is a fiercely independent , tough candidate and is capable of providing a positive case for how she will lead . But it 's past time for Democrats running in these so-called red states to positively make a case for voters to elect them based on their agenda and priorities -- and not get caught up in trying to play these distancing games that could alienate the base voters they need to turn out on Election Day .	Democratic candidate for U.S. Senate from Kentucky refused to say if she voted for Obama Donna Brazile : Democrats who run from Obama may be taking a big risk She says the Democratic base voters are n't going to look kindly on abandoning Obama Brazile : Voters in Southern states will support candidates with progressive views
CNN  -- A Michigan man could face life in prison after he allegedly tortured and ultimately killed his girlfriend 's 4-year-old son last week for wetting his pants , prosecutors say . Brandon Joshua-Frederick Hayes , 24 , "  systematically beat " Dominick Calhoun , 4 , "  pummeling -LSB- him -RSB- with fists and kicking him " on his arms , legs and genitalia , Genesee County prosecutor David Leyton told CNN . Hayes also apparently burned the boy in the course of the torture . "  The knuckles across one hand were charred , " Argentine Township police chief Dan Allen said . "  I 've been doing this a long time , and this is the worst case of child abuse I 've ever seen , " the police chief said . "  In all respects , he was tortured . " Prosecutors arraigned Hayes on Thursday on nine charges , including one count of first-degree premeditated murder , one count of first-degree child abuse and one count of torture , which by itself carries a possible life sentence . "  Little Dominick met his boogeyman , and that was defendant Hayes , " Genesee County Sheriff Robert Pickell said at a news conference Thursday . CNN was unable to reach someone who could speak on Hayes ' behalf . Hayes ' motivation for his savage multiday attack on the boy was that the child "  had wet his pants , " Leyton said . "  It had happened before . " Hayes also resented the child because his "  biological father would n't pay child support , " Leyton said . Dominick 's mother , Corrine Baker , was present for at least some of the beating and tried to shield the boy from Hayes ' aggression , authorities said . "  She tried to lay on top of the child to guard the child against being beat any further , but she was beat in the process , " according to the police chief . The sequence of events that led to the discovery of the abuse began when Baker 's sister and several acquaintances came to the apartment to buy drugs from Hayes , according to Allen . After seeing Dominick 's condition , the sister alerted the boy 's paternal grandfather , who in turn contacted authorities . When emergency responders entered the apartment on the afternoon of April 11 , Dominick was "  barely alive . " EMS transferred him to Hurley Hospital in Flint , where he was pronounced brain dead . The boy was taken off life support the following morning . Dominick 's mother 's whereabouts and actions through all portions of the torture session remain somewhat hazy . The county prosecutor said his office is "  still investigating her involvement in all this . " "  She 's also culpable for putting him in the dangerous position in the first place , " he added . Baker was taken into custody on Sunday but released later . Attempts to reach her at her home Thursday evening were unsuccessful . The town police chief said Baker and her son had been brought to the attention of Genesee County Department of Child Services on several occasions . The agency did not respond to CNN 's requests for comment Thursday . It was not immediately clear whether Baker 's involvement with the child services agency predated her relationship with Hayes . The police chief said he believed Baker and Hayes had been together for about six months .	Brandon Joshua-Frederick Hayes , 24 , arraigned on nine charges They include first-degree premeditated murder , first-degree child abuse , torture Police chief on 4-year-old Dominick Calhoun : "  In all respects , he was tortured " Police still looking into role of Dominick 's mother , Corrine Baker
CNN  -- It 's one of the best insomnia cures around . A private platform in the African bush , soft bedding , starlight and nature 's night-time noises . Whether it 's a raised star-bed or a treehouse kitted out for sleeping , each of these six retreats spread across Africa has the elevated experience just right . Kiboko and Koija Star Beds , Loisaba Wilderness , Kenya These "  star beds " comprise wooden platforms with thatched roofs , open decks and big beds . They 're rolled out under the night sky when it 's time to sleep , giving guests great views of the thick star clusters , unclouded by light pollution . The mosquito net draping over the four-poster becomes invisible once you 've climbed inside . You can end up at your star bed after a game drive or other wildlife outing , when staff will be lighting the campfire and preparing pre-dinner sundowners . Antelope and zebra may be drinking at the Kiboko waterhole in the valley below . If you stay at one of Loisaba 's two sets of star beds you 'll have an extra reason to sleep comfortably -- they 're part of a responsible tourism project that benefits the local Koija community . Loisaba Wilderness , Laikipia , Kenya ; + 254 62 20 31070 ; from $ 420 per person , per night , including full board , safari activities and transfers , through Cheli and Peacock  +254206003090 The Stilted Lodge , Mandina Lodges , the Gambia The ordinary rooms here , set in a mangrove forest , are impressive enough . But the Stilted Lodge adds something extra -- a thatched two-story riverside tower with open sides , including a  discreet  open-air bathroom , separate bedroom and lounge room open to the skies . Mandina Lodges , Makasutu , The Gambia ; from $ 2,230 pp for seven nights , half board through The Gambia Experience  +448453308708 The Tree House , Tongabezi , Zambia You ca n't quite hear the roar of Victoria Falls from The Tree House but they 're close . The broad Zambezi River looks peaceful from the deck at the top of this three-tier treehouse , but a few bends away that all changes . When it hits the lip of Batoka Gorge , the river hurls itself over at 3,000 cubic meters a second . The spectacle has drawn visitors to the area since 1855 , starting with the explorer David Livingstone . There are multiple ways to experience the falls , from soaring through the spray in a microlight to rafting the rapids or bungee jumping from the Victoria Falls Bridge . This riverside eyrie high up in an ebony tree , with king-size bed and claw-footed bath , provides a place to hide out after all that activity . Tongabezi , Livingstone , Zambia ; +260213327450 ; $ 620 pppn , incl . full board and safari activities Chalkley Treehouse , Lion Sands Game Reserve , South Africa Lion Sands has three luxury treehouses in wilderness rich in wildlife . The Chalkley Treehouse , a timber deck built around an ancient leadwood tree , is particularly good for photographers . It 's high off the ground and exposed , with superb panoramic views . Lion Sands Game Reserve , Sabi Sands , South Africa ; +27137355000 ; from $ 250 pppn , incl . picnic dinner Baines ' Camp , Botswana Part of a small safari camp on a private concession in the Okavango Delta , the five suites here are built on stilts with decks looking out over wetlands . On dry , warm nights , you can wheel your four-poster bed out to hear the throaty chuckling of hippos and the high-pitched chirrups of frogs . Baines ' Camp , Okavango Delta , Botswana ; +442071907728 ; from $ 755 pppn incl . full board , safari activities and transfers , through Sanctuary Retreats Chole Mjini Lodge , Tanzania Some Swahili Coast aficionados have been to Zanzibar many times but never heard of its little cousin , the island of Mafia . The name may sound ominous , but Mafia is a perfectly innocent island of sand and shimmering light , around 160 kilometers south of Zanzibar . Of the few people who make it here , most are divers : in the surrounding waters whale sharks and turtles float above some of the best preserved coral reefs in Tanzania . Mafia has an even tinier relative , Chole , an islet just over a kilometer long tucked off its southeastern shore . Hidden among the dense mangroves , baobabs and tangled figs are half a dozen treehouses making up Chole Mjini , a simple off-grid eco-lodge . Stay in Treehouse No. 1 , and you may have nesting fish eagles for neighbors . Chole Mjini Lodge , Chole Island , Mafia , Tanzania ; +255784520799 ; from $ 220 pppn , full board Winner of several British travel journalism awards , Emma Gregg has written about Africa for The Independent newspaper , National Geographic Traveler and Travel Africa magazine .	Ca n't sleep ? A night on a "  star bed " might help At Baines ' Camp in Botswana you can hear the chuckle of hippos at night A Zambian riverside treehouse has a king-size bed and claw-footed bath One Tanzanian hideaway is tucked among fig trees on a tiny island
CNN  -- The publisher of a firsthand account of the raid that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden said Tuesday it was moving up its release date by one week to September 4 . Dutton , a subsidiary of Penguin Group USA , said the book will come out early because of "  overwhelming excitement in the marketplace . " The first printing of the book , already an Amazon best seller , is now 575,000 copies , according to Dutton . It was written by a Navy SEAL under a pen name , Mark Owen . The book 's publisher said the special operations forces team member did not want to reveal his real name in order to protect himself and his family . Owen said in a statement Tuesday that he had a "  strict desire not to disclose confidential or sensitive information that would compromise national security in any way . " Questions raised after SEAL 's identity revealed At the request of Pentagon officials , CNN is not naming the SEAL who wrote the book , out of concern for his former colleagues who could still be active . The book is entitled "  No Easy Day : The Firsthand Account of the Mission That Killed Osama bin Laden . " The serviceman was on the Bin Laden raid , according to Pentagon officials . The 36-year-old chief petty officer left the Navy as a highly decorated commando in April , but he could be subject to criminal prosecution , they said . The book account includes the stealth helicopter crash that could have killed the author and his teammates , his publisher said . Officials only recently became aware the former SEAL was writing a book , but were told it encompasses more than just the raid and includes vignettes from training and other missions . They wanted to see a copy , a Defense Department official said , to make sure no classified information is released and to see if the book contains any information that might out one of the team members . Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said officials are reviewing the publication . Are ` Swift Boat ' attacks on Obama bogus ? CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Publication of account moved up to September 4 The author uses a pen name , publisher says At the request of Pentagon officials , CNN is not naming the SEAL
CNN  -- The ice moves inexorably ashore , crackling as it goes like thousands of windows breaking . In minutes , it 's moved from the shoreline of a Minnesota lake to the walls of homes along the lake . "  It was just pushing and breaking and pushing and breaking , " Darla Johnson , who made a video of Saturday 's "  ice tsunami " on Mille Lacs Lake , told CNN affiliate WCCO-TV in Minneapolis . Johnson 's video had more than 275,000 views on YouTube by Monday morning . And once you watch it , you ca n't stop . It 's like a sci-fi movie , and there 's certainly science involved . Christopher Tetrault , a conservation officer for the area with the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources , said the weather event works like this : Strong winds blow heavy chunks of ice out in the lake toward the shore . Those chunks heave up bits of lighter , melting ice closer to shore up on the land . The more the wind blows , the more ice comes onto land . "  It basically has the same mechanism of an iceberg , " said Todd Borek , a CNN meteorologist . "  Winds , but more so ocean currents , allow icebergs to drift . Same premise : A chunk of ice  relatively shallow  was pushed by a strong , sustained wind . The momentum of the ice sheet overcame the friction of the land . " Tetrault said the ice came about 60 feet to 80 feet inland Saturday , getting as high as 30 feet in some places . The ice mass covered up about 2.5 miles of shoreline , he said . At least one home had 2 to 3 feet of ice spill through its patio glass doors , and some boathouses along the lake were destroyed , he said . It was something Tetrault , who 's only been stationed on Mille Lacs Lake for a few months , had n't seen before . But longtime locals told him they could n't remember anything similar since the 1950s . The same phenomenon was seen Friday on Dauphin Lake in Manitoba , about 75 miles northwest of Winnipeg , where a wall of ice up to 30 feet high destroyed six homes and damaged 14 others , according to a report from the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. . "  This is worse than a flood , because with a flood , the water just goes through and it 's finished . With this , there 's still so much ice out on the lake that if the wind picks up again , it could start all over , " homeowner Elaine Davis told the CBC . "  You know you 've got cement , concrete blocks and steel , and the ice goes through it like it 's just a toothpick , " Dennis Stykalo , who also lost a home to the ice , told the CBC . "  It just shows the power . There is nothing you can do ; you just get out of the way and just watch . " In Minnesota on Monday , people were watching the ice there melt , a steady rain helping the process , Tetrault said . Temperatures on Tuesday expected to be in the 80s or higher were also expected to help , both with the ice onshore and the larger sheet now 200 to 300 yards out into the lake , he said . Still , that ice mass was about 16 inches thick Monday , and the weather can change quickly in Minnesota . "  It 's not as significant as it was , " Tetrault said , "  but you never know with what Mother Nature does . "	Strong winds push melting ice onto lakeshore in Minnesota Twenty homes also destroyed or damaged in Canada , report says Ice as high as 30 feet on Canadian shore
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. State Department has issued a travel alert for U.S. citizens in Europe , based on information that suggests that al Qaeda and affiliated organizations continue to plan terrorist attacks . Americans are warned to be aware of their surroundings and protect themselves when traveling . One senior U.S. official said earlier that in addition to the travel alert from the State Department , "  U.S. military installations are taking prudent precautions . This is a serious situation . " A separate U.S. official said the alert is being prompted by the volume of intelligence on possible terror threats , rather than new intelligence . It emerged last week that U.S. intelligence officials were looking at information about a possible "  Mumbai-style " attack in cities across Europe . A United Kingdom security source said Saturday that it was not believed the expected U.S. alert was a result of new intelligence received in the last few days . But the source added that the intelligence related to the possible Mumbai-style attack was being looked at very seriously on both sides of the Atlantic . The security source said there are no plans to raise the terror threat level in the United Kingdom from severe to critical . A severe threat level means an attack is considered highly likely ; critical means an attack is expected imminently . A possible backlash from the French burqa ban is considered a factor in the expected warning , the security source said . The French Senate recently approved a law banning veils that cover the face , including the burqa , worn by some Muslim women . Mumbai , the financial hub of India , was the site of a three-day terror attack two years ago that left more than 160 people dead . Ten men launched the carefully planned assault , targeting prominent sites such as the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower hotel , the Oberoi-Trident hotels , the historic Victoria Terminus train station and a Jewish cultural center . A U.S. law enforcement official told CNN Saturday that an advisory will likely be sent to law enforcement agencies around the United States after the travel alert is issued , "  just to keep them in the loop . " But the official added that current intelligence is about Europe rather than a threat in the United States . CNN 's Elise Labott , Jeanne Meserve , Andrew Carey , Barbara Starr , Pam Benson and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : State Department alert warns Americans in Europe to be aware of surroundings Not believed the alert is a result of new intelligence , security source says Alert comes in light of recent terror threat information
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Nicolas Cage brought about his own financial ruin with a spending spree that included two castles , 15 palatial homes , a flotilla of yachts and a squadron of Rolls Royces , his former business manager said . Samuel Levin , responding to a lawsuit Cage filed against him , said he warned the Oscar-winning actor that he could face bankruptcy unless he scaled back his lavish lifestyle . Cage , one of Hollywood 's highest-paid movie stars , sued Levin in October , charging that he "  lined his pockets with several million dollars in business management fees while sending Cage down a path toward financial ruin . " "  Cage discovered that he is now forced to sell major assets and investments at a significant loss and is faced with huge tax liabilities because of Levin 's incompetence , misrepresentations and recklessness , " Cage 's lawsuit said . He asked the Los Angeles Superior Court for $ 20 million in damages from Levin . Levin filed a counter-complaint this week demanding $ 129,000 owed to him by Cage for recent work on his tax returns . The filing also argued that Cage was "  deeply in debt " when he started working for him in 2001 because Cage had "  already squandered tens of millions of dollars he had earned as a movie star . " Levin said he warned Cage , whose given name is Nicolas Coppola , that he needed to earn $ 30 million a year "  just to maintain his lavish lifestyle . " He urged Cage to save "  a cash cushion " of at least $ 10 million "  to alleviate the financial pressure to take film roles that might be detrimental to his career , " Levin 's response said . Several of Cage 's recent movie roles have been seen by critics as "  paycheck gigs " taken only because of his pressing debt . Levin 's filing claimed that starting in 2005 and then "  with increasing urgency " over the next two years , he "  implored Coppola to stop buying real estate and urged him to reduce his real estate holdings , warning Coppola that the financial press was filled with references to a ` real estate bubble . ' " He countered Cage 's claim that the actor was left in the dark about his finances . "  Levin repeatedly warned Coppola that he was living beyond his means , urged him to spend less , and warned him that financial disaster loomed if he continued to spend uncontrollably , " Levin 's filing said . "  Levin described the folly of several other well-known entertainers who compulsively overspent their way into bankruptcy , and warned Coppola ` it could happen to you , ' " the filing said . Cage should have known about his debt because "  he signed every check for every monetary transaction throughout the relationship , " Levin said . "  Instead of listening to Levin , cross-defendant Coppola spent most of his free time shopping for high ticket purchases , and wound up with 15 personal residences , most of which were bought against Levin 's advice , " Levin 's complaint said . "  Likewise , Levin advised Coppola against buying a Gulfstream jet , against buying and owning a flotilla of yachts , against buying and owning a squadron of Rolls Royces , against buying millions of dollars in jewelry and art . " Cage 's four yachts included one each for the Caribbean , the Mediterranean , Newport Beach , California , and Rhode Island , Levin said . In 2007 alone , Cage 's "  shopping spree entailed the purchase of three additional residences at a total cost of more than $ 33 million ; the purchase of 22 automobiles  including 9 Rolls Royces  ; 12 purchases of expensive jewelry ; and 47 purchases of artwork and exotic items , " Levin 's filing said . "  Coppola also spent huge sums taking his sizable entourage on costly vacations and threw enormous , Gatsby-style parties at his residences , " it said . Levin 's warnings that Cage was living beyond his means were not just ignored , but "  at times Levin was rebuked for trying to restrain the outflow of cash , " he said . "  The pinnacle " of Cage 's spending spree was the purchase of two castles -- in England and Germany -- which Levin warned "  were decrepit and needed huge expenditures , " he said . Cage 's financial collapse came in 2008 when real estate values plunged and most of his residences turned "  upside down , just as the global credit crunch made it impossible to cover Coppola 's endless cash calls by borrowing more money , " Levin said . The case of Nicolas Cage versus Samuel Levin is set for a hearing in a Beverly Hills , California , courtroom on February 3 , 2010 , according to court records .	Samuel Levin responds to a lawsuit actor Nicolas Cage filed against him Cage bought 2 castles , 15 homes , yachts , Rolls Royces , against advice , Levin says Cage should have known about his debt because he signed the checks , Levin says
CNN  -- The fat lady did n't sing on "  Louie , " but she delivered one hell of a speech -- it 's stirring debate . A recent episode of Louis C.K. 's hit FX series involved the comedian grappling with the idea of dating an overweight woman , played by actress Sarah Baker . At one point late in the episode , Baker 's character delivers a seven-minute speech that Jezebel called "  absolutely magnificent . " The character Vanessa both berates Louis and laments the difficulties of dating as a plus-size woman -- though she 's not one to use euphemisms . "  On behalf of all the fat girls , I 'm making you represent all the guys , " she says . "  Why do you hate us so much ? What is it about the basics of human happiness , feeling attractive , feeling loved , having guys chase after us , that 's just not in the cards for us ? Nope . Not for us . " Warning : The following video contains explicit language . It 's the usual uncomfortable style for Louis C.K. , who writes for and stars in the show that bears his name . The comic is known for making audiences feel queasy even as he has them laughing . Forbes called the scene "  The Year 's Most Brutally Honest Seven Minutes Of Television . " "  As brilliant as the speech is , and as brilliant as Baker 's performance is , what makes this work is Louie 's willingness to just stand there and take it , " Forbes contributor Allen St. John writes . "  He makes a few lame gestures in self-defense , but even if Vanessa largely refuses to judge him , we do n't . Louie is a jerk . " Baker told EW she thought the scene "  was so beautifully written . " "  My interpretation of it was that she 's  telling Louie  , ` You saying , "  You 're not fat , " is like saying , ` The worst thing a woman can be is fat , so I 'm not gon na call you that , ' " Baker said . "  Whereas she 's kinda like , ` Yeah , I 'm fat . You know , I 'm nice , I 'm funny , I 'm cute -- so who cares ? ' " Writing for the A.V. Club , Libby Hill applauded Louis C.K. for starting the conversation . "  No matter how sad it may be that the only way many will start to understand this maligned populace is if a white guy explains it to them , the fact remains that through the platform of his critically acclaimed show , Louis C.K. has given voice to the fat girl , " she writes . But not everyone is a fan . Writer Dan Weiss explored the episode for The Concourse , noting that "  there 's zero representation for actual FAs  ` fat admirers , ' which is admittedly a voyeuristic term ; I prefer the classic ` chubby chaser '  on TV . " "  What 's despicable about television is n't that it 's not depicting enough happily-ever-after fantasies showing underdogs hitting the jackpot -- it 's that real life is actually better than these depictions , " Weiss writes . "  Vanessa would have far less trouble getting someone to hold her hand in real life , and while this was every bit the excellent , conversation-starting Louie episode it 's being touted as , is its creator , or anyone else in the TV bubble , actually aware of that fact ? " What do you think ? Is too big a deal being made over the "  Fat Girl " episode or not ?	The show takes on the issue of plus-size women dating One writer calls the episode "  brutally honest " Another applauds Louis C.K. for tackling the issue
CNN  -- A number of Transportation Security Administrator employees who faced dismissal for not following screening procedures ended up with suspensions instead , the agency said . In October , TSA announced that 44 employees were facing punishments ranging from termination to suspension after they were caught on surveillance cameras not following procedures . Twenty-five of those employees were in the process of being fired . This week , the agency completed the reviews of those cases , except for one , and only four workers have been fired . "  The decision to take disciplinary actions as a result of a thorough investigation reaffirms our strong commitment to hold all of our employees to the highest standards of conduct and accountability -- regardless of their rank in the agency , " TSA said in a statement . "  It also goes to TSA 's commitment to its due process procedures and demonstrates the agency 's dedication to treating employees in a fair and just manner . " TSA : Eight Newark officers fired for violating procedures Several of the employees had learned of their fates in the months since October , but the majority of decisions were made this week . In all , four employees were fired , one resigned , 32 were suspended to varying degrees , six were cleared of wrongdoing , and one case remains outstanding , the agency told CNN . That means that 17 employees who were originally going to be fired were instead suspended "  because it was determined that they did not intentionally violate procedures associated with checked baggage screening , " TSA said . The 44 employees all worked in a checked-baggage screening room in Terminal B of Newark 's Liberty International Airport . In November and December of 2011 , they were caught on surveillance cameras not following proper screening protocols , an agency internal investigation revealed . TSA seeks to fire or suspend largest group of agents ever After passengers check their bags , TSA screeners are supposed to search the luggage with electronic scanners and open some bags by hand . In this case , the employees allegedly did n't follow procedures on about 250 bags during the two months , the agency said . All bags did receive some screening , however . In June 2012 , the same investigation prompted the agency to fire eight checked-baggage screeners at Newark for violating TSA procedures , including some of them for sleeping on the job . That same month , 43 TSA workers in Fort Myers , Florida , were disciplined for not performing additional screening on random passengers and carry-on bags . TSA workers disciplined for not rescreening bags At Boston 's Logan Airport , 20 checked-baggage screeners were punished in August 2011 for reading newspapers or talking on the phone when they were supposed to be screening bags , or for not reporting the misconduct , a spokesperson told CNN at the time . Also in 2011 , 36 checked-bag screeners in Hawaii were fired after they were caught on a security camera in 2010 ignoring procedures , including putting bag inspection notices in bags without actually inspecting them , an inspector general 's report said . CNN 's Jordana Ossad and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	44 TSA employees were slated for discipline last year As of this week , only four were fired Agency says it found many had not intentionally violated rules
CNN  -- The owners of Manchester United , Red Football Joint Venture , have announced huge losses for the last financial year . United 's parent company -- which is owned by the Glazer family -- have confirmed losses of $ 178 million according to their latest accounts filed at Companies House . The accounts also reveal the deficit includes some one-off costs incurred by the Glazers , following the setting-up of the $ 861 million bond scheme last year to replace the bank loans they obtained to purchase the club . United , who currently lead the English Premier League table by five points , also suffered a drop in income from the sale of players . The previous year 's accounts recorded a $ 35m profit following the $ 130m sale of winger Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid . Meanwhile , respected magazine France Football have published their list of the highest-paid players in the world , with Lionel Messi taking over from David Beckham at the top of the earnings table . Barcelona maestro Messi earned a remarkable $ 48 million in the last financial year , ahead of Beckham -- who has been first or second in each of the last nine years . Beckham earned $ 44 million , while Ronaldo and his Madrid teammate Kaka took third and fourth place in the list . Thierry Henry , Ronaldinho , Carlos Tevez , Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Frank Lampard and Samuel Eto'o completed the top 10 .	The owners of Manchester United announce huge losses for the last financial year Red Football Joint Venture confirm a deficit of $ 178 million up to April 2010 Lionel Messi takes over from David Beckham at the top of the players ' earnings table Messi earned $ 48 million according to a report in France Football magazine
CNN  -- A year ago at this time , U.S. gasoline prices averaged $ 3.97 a gallon . It was the highest average in all of 2012 . But it 's a much different story this year , as prices continue to fall . The average per-gallon cost in the continental United States is now $ 3.65 , 32 cents less than last year 's peak , according to Trilby Lundberg , publisher of the Lundberg Survey . That 's a 6-cent decrease from two weeks ago and a 15-cent decrease from six weeks ago . Lundberg attributes most of the latest drop to lower crude oil prices , but she also credits a more plentiful supply . "  More U.S. refineries are gaining access to lower-priced domestic and Canadian oils and passing these benefits on to their marketers and retailers in the form of slashed wholesale gasoline prices , " Lundberg said . Lundberg expects the national per-gallon average to fall a few more cents this week as long as the price of crude does n't jump . The Lundberg Survey canvasses about 2,500 filling stations every two weeks . In the latest survey , the cheapest gas was $ 3.33 a gallon in Billings , Montana . The highest was $ 4.05 in Chicago . Average per-gallon prices in other cities : Charleston , South Carolina : $ 3.41 Atlanta : $ 3.50 Denver : $ 3.57 Minneapolis : $ 3.63 Las Vegas : $ 3.67 Boston : $ 3.69 Sacramento , California : $ 3.86	Cheaper crude oil prices , more plentiful supply keeps gas prices falling in the United States The average per gallon price is now $ 3.65 , according to the latest Lundberg Survey The cheapest gas was found in Billings , Montana ; the most expensive was in Chicago
CNN  -- Tareq Salahi is "  greatly hurt and disturbed " by wife 's "  adulterous affair " with a rock musician and he wants a divorce , according to court documents . "  Real Housewives of D.C. " star Michaele Salahi left her husband last week to join Journey guitarist Neal Schon on tour , which Tareq Salahi said "  caused me to suffer great harm , humiliation , and embarrassment . " She "  was engaged in an adulterous relationship with one Neal Schon , her paramour , " the divorce petition said . "  I also understand that his rock band Journey paid for her travel , accommodations and other expenses . " The Salahis ' split became public last Wednesday when Tareq Salahi told reporters that he thought his wife had been kidnapped when she disappeared on Tuesday . She told a sheriff 's deputy that she was "  with a good friend and was where she wanted to be , " Warren County , Virginia , Sheriff Danny McEathron said in a statement to CNN Wednesday afternoon . The reality show personality traveled last Tuesday to Memphis , Tennessee , where Journey was performing , to be with Schon , a representative with Scoop Marketing confirmed to CNN Wednesday . Scoop Marketing represents Schon . "  She stated that she was not returning home and had thus abandoned the marriage and marital home , " his divorce petition said . But what really hurts about his wife 's "  adulterous friendship " is that she "  has flaunted the same throughout the community , the nation and indeed the world , and thus caused me to suffer great harm , humiliation , and embarrassment , " his court filing said . An e-mail Salahi said was sent to him from Schon 's e-mail address was included in the filing . It contained a photo of an unidentified penis , he said . "  At no time whatsoever have I condoned or acquiesced to the adulterous affair , " Tareq Salahi said . "  There is no hope or possibility of reconciliation , " he said . The couple , married for nearly eight years , has no children . They gained notoriety when they were photographed with President Barack Obama at a White House state dinner , to which they were not invited , in November 2009 . The "  Real Housewives of D.C. " TV series was canceled by Bravo earlier this year . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	Michaele Salahi "  abandoned the marriage , " Tareq Salahi 's divorce petition says His wife 's affair causes him "  great harm , humiliation , and embarrassment , " Salahi says An e-mail from her paramour 's email address includes a penis photo , the divorce filing says The band Journey is paying for Michaele Salahi 's travel , her husband alleges
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Denise Fettig-Loftesnes lives just 50 feet from the East China Sea on the Japanese island of Okinawa -- prime territory to witness the swirling winds of Typhoon Neoguri as they lashed the island Tuesday . "  The wind sounds like a freight train is coming towards you , " the CNN iReporter said . "  It is hard to sometimes hear people in the same room with you because the wind is so loud . " Her building -- she lives on the sixth floor -- is swaying with the wind , so she 's not going outside to check for damage . "  I did notice that my car has moved ahead about one foot and a little to the side , " she said . The storm had lost strength early Tuesday , going from the equivalent of a Category 5 hurricane to a Category 3 , said CNN International meteorologist Tom Sater . But it still had knocked out power to at least 106,100 electric customers , according to Okinawa Electric Power Company . About 600,000 households were under evacuation advisories , but fewer than 1,000 had left , authorities said . Officials attributed 10 injuries to the storm , only one of them serious . Although the storm is expected to only sideswipe Okinawa , passing about 130 kilometers  80 miles  to the west , the island 's main airport , schools and many businesses were closed . Authorities at Kadena Air Base , the largest U.S. military installation in the Asia-Pacific region , told the thousands of service members and their families at the facility that all outside activity was forbidden Tuesday morning . Okinawa , the site of multiple U.S. military facilities , regularly finds itself in the path of big typhoons . Buildings on the island are designed to withstand the powerful winds that come roaring in off the ocean . Each summer and autumn , heavy storms roll in from the Western Pacific , often causing damage in East Asian countries such as the Philippines , China and Japan . Fears for Kyushu The storm weakened slightly overnight , with maximum sustained winds of 148 kph  92 mph  and gusts of up to 212 kph  132 mph  , according to the Japan Meteorological Agency . And while the storm is expected to continue to weaken , authorities are concerned about the potential impact of rain when it reaches Kyushu , the southernmost of Japan 's main islands , sometime Thursday morning  Wednesday night ET  . "  This is not about wind , it 's all about rainfall , " Sater said , noting that parts of Kyushu have already experienced heavy rains in recent days . The rivers are swollen and the ground is saturated , he said . Authorities have already relocated about 84,000 people from areas of Kyushu vulnerable to flooding . Seen from space Astronaut Reid Wiseman on the International Space Station tweeted a photo over the weekend of the typhoon viewed from above , showing vast cloud bands spiraling out from its center . " #Typhoon Neoguri nearing Japan . Takes up our entire view . Wow , " he wrote . Tacloban in pictures : After Typhoon Haiyan and six months later CNN 's Will Ripley contributed to this report .	The wind is so loud , it 's hard to hear people in the same room , a CNN iReporter says At least 106,100 electric customers lose power on Okinawa Airport , schools and businesses are closed Concerns remain about the damage the storm could do to rain-soaked Kyushu
CNN  A sixth suspect in the shooting death of a top Russian opposition figure blew himself up after a standoff with police in the capital of the Chechen Republic , state-run television reported Sunday . Beslan Shavanov , 30 , was holed up in a building in Grozny when police arrived to arrest him Saturday afternoon , Russia 24 reported . Police surrounded the building and Shavano tried to escape , throwing a grenade at police officers before blowing himself up , the station said . The news came as Russian authorities reported making five other arrests in connection with Boris Nemtsov 's killing . One of those arrested claims to have an alibi , according to Russia 's Sputnik News . "  At the time of the murder , I was at work as I usually am every day . There are many people , my colleagues , who will confirm this , " the news agency quoted Tamerlan Eskerkhanov as saying in Moscow 's Basmanny District Court . Two of the suspects have been formally charged and three "  remain under the status of suspects , " court spokeswoman Anna Fadeyeva told Sputnik . Nemtsov , one of President Vladimir Putin 's most outspoken critics , was shot in the back on a Moscow bridge as he walked with his girlfriend near the Kremlin in late February . Surveillance video showed someone darting from the sidewalk and into a nearby car right after Nemtsov collapsed . Putin has been informed of the arrests in connection with Nemtsov 's death , Russian media said , citing Federal Security Service director Alexander Bortnikov . Two of the other suspects are Anzor Gubashev and Zaur Dadayev , Bortnikov said in a televised statement . The others are Ramzan Bakhayev and Shagit Gubashev , Anzor 's younger brother , according to a Sputnik report that also said Dadayev was the only one of the five to plead guilty -- though to what crimes was not clear . Bortnikov said those detained are from the southern region of the North Caucasus , which for years has been a hotbed of unrest and rebellion against Moscow . Dadayev had previously served as an officer in a Chechen police battalion , Albert Barakhayev , secretary of the Security Council of the Caucasian republic of Ingushetia , told the official news agency TASS . Dadayev was the deputy commander of one of the Chechen Republic 's Ministry of Internal Affairs groups , Sputnik reported , adding that Gubashev worked at a security firm in Moscow . Gubashev was arrested between the town of Malgobek and the village of Voznesenovskaya , while Dadayev was arrested in the city of Magas , Barakhayev told TASS . The slain opposition leader 's daughter , Zhanna Nemtsova , told CNN she is "  not surprised both of them  are  of Caucasus origin . It was predictable . " Nemtsova said the only things she knew about the arrests came from media reports , as authorities did not contact her immediately . Later Saturday , a southern Russian law enforcement official told state news agency RIA Novosti that two more men were arrested . The two suspects in the second arrest were not named , but one of them was driving with Dadayev , and the other man is Gubashev 's younger brother , Barakhayev said . Like Gubashev and Dadayev , those two suspects are also ethnic Chechens , according to Barakhayev . After Nemtsov 's shooting Putin blamed extremists and protesters who he said were trying to stir internal strife in Russia . Many opposition sympathizers and people close to Nemtsov have pointed the finger at Putin and the Russian government he leads . They note that Nemtsov -- the deputy prime minister under former President Boris Yeltsin -- is the latest in a list of Putin 's opponents who have been killed or imprisoned . Nemtsov had also been arrested several times for speaking against the government . In her first TV interview since her father 's death , Nemtsova told CNN that Putin shares "  political responsibility " for her father 's assassination . She spoke from Germany . "  I do n't believe in the official investigation , " she said Saturday . Other opposition figures previously jailed or killed include Anna Politkovskaya , a journalist critical of Russia 's war in Chechnya . She was gunned down at the entrance to her Moscow apartment in 2006 . There was also business magnate Mikhail Khodorkovsky , who backed an opposition party and accused Putin of corruption . Khodorkovsky landed in jail after a conviction on tax fraud , which he said was a ploy to take away his oil company . The government rejected the claim . Putin pardoned him in 2013 . Former Russian security agent Alexander Litvinenko was poisoned by a lethal dose of radioactive polonium , his tea spiked in a London hotel during a meeting with two former Russian security service men in 2006 . He had blamed the agency for orchestrating a series of apartment bombings in Russia in 1999 that left hundreds dead and led to Russia 's invasion of Chechnya later that year . The Kremlin has staunchly denied accusations that it or its agents are targeting political opponents or had anything to do with the deaths . CNN 's Catherine Shoichet , Ben Brumfield , Elena Sandyrev , Brian Walker , Greg Botelho , Joshua Berlinger and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	With police surrounding hiding place , sixth suspect kills himself , Russian media say One of the men arrested reportedly served as an officer in a Chechen police battalion Four of the five suspects are ethnic Chechens , law enforcement official tells media
Srinigar , Indian-administered Kashmir  CNN  -- Indian authorities flooded the streets of Srinagar with security forces Thursday to quell four days of violence sparked by the death of a schoolboy . Authorities were attempting to disperse anti-India protesters Sunday when a tear gas shell hit the 13-year-old boy , Whamiq Farooq Wani , in the head and killed him as he played cricket in a stadium , protesters say . While a formal curfew has not been declared , security forces have been keeping people off the streets . Police said having security forces deployed has kept down violence over the last four days . A senior police officer said more than 100 people , including members of the Indian security forces , were wounded in the violent clashes between the Muslim protesters and security forces -- who used tear gas and baton charges to disperse the mobs . Two young protesters were hit by tear gas and smoke shells in Wednesday 's violence in the old city , and hospital sources said their conditions are serious . Clashes and incidents of stone-throwing by anti-India protesters continued to be reported from various points in Kashmir Thursday . Srinagar , the capital city , remained shut along with other towns in protest of the teenaged boy 's death . Shops , businesses and government offices were closed . Indian police and paramilitary troops , as well as the Central Reserve Police Force  CRPF  , erected barricades at road intersections in Srinagar 's old city to cut off pedestrian and vehicular traffic , witnesses said . "  The people were not allowed to go out of their homes to buy milk and other essential items this morning . The security forces are enforcing tight restrictions in our area , " said resident Ayub Zargarc reached by telephone . The security restrictions were not as stringent outside the old city , where some vehicular and pedestrian movement was seen on the streets patrolled by the Indian police . "  Barring a few stone-pelting incidents , the overall situation in Kashmir remained peaceful today , " Farooq Ahmad , inspector general of police in the Kashmir zone , told CNN . Authorities arrested two senior leaders of the pro-dialogue moderate separatist conglomerate All Parties Hurriyat Conference  APHC  and placed its chairman , Mirwaiz Moulvi Umar Farooq , under house arrest today , according to police . Authorities said they were arrested to prevent them from fomenting trouble in the city .	Indian security forces in Srinagar to quell violence sparked by death of schoolboy Authorities trying to disperse anti-India protesters when tear gas shell hit 13-year-old Police say 100 people wounded in clashes between Muslim protesters and security forces
Bali , Indonesia  CNN  -- Defense Secretary Leon Panetta praised China on more than one occasion Sunday during a series of meetings with fellow defense ministers from southeast Asia , but hinted if relations between the United States and China worsen , it could be a threat to "  the security of the world . " He said he appreciates China 's muted response to the United States announcing a deal last month to sell more arms to Taiwan , and he lauded China for working with its neighbors with regards to the contentious issues involving the South China Sea . "  I would commend them for the way that they 've handled the news of that sale to Taiwan , compared to the past , " Panetta told reporters after a meeting with Indonesia 's defense minister Sunday in Bali . China regards Taiwan as a renegade province . Taiwan began as the remnant of the government that ruled over mainland China , until a Communist uprising proved victorious in 1949 . The $ 5.3 billion arms package , announced last month , includes upgrades to Taiwan 's F-16 fighter fleet . Last year , a similar deal prompted China to temporarily cut off military to military relations with Americans . This time , aside from some strong objections voiced by Beijing , Panetta said there has been no tangible action taken in response by China . "  I 've heard nothing that indicates that they 're taking any steps in reaction to that , " Panetta said . Part of the reason might be the way the United States government handled the sales . "  It was something that the United States had announced but we had given the Chinese a heads up as to what was going to take place , " Panetta said . "  I think in the end ... they handled it in a professional and diplomatic way and we appreciate that . " The South China Sea , a body of water east of Vietnam , north of Malaysia and west of the Philippines , has been a source of regional tensions for decades . But because of recent discoveries of massive oil reserves as well as its importance to regional maritime and aviation navigation , tensions have increased recently . Many countries lay claims to the same parts of the sea . After his meeting with the Indonesian defense minister , Panetta met with defense ministers from all eight member nations of ASEAN , the Association of Southeast Asian Nations , which includes all the nations that border the South China Sea , except China . In remarks prepared for the start of the meeting , Panetta said , "  I applaud the July accord between ASEAN and China on implementing guidelines to the 2002 declaration on the conduct of parties in the South China Sea . I would encourage you to maintain this momentum , and continue working towards a binding code of conduct . " But Panetta said there are still some concerns regarding China 's military that bear watching . "  Obviously there are some concerns about some of the things they are doing on modernization , there are concerns about some of the things they are doing with some of the more sophisticated weapons that have been developed . " He said China being open and letting the world know what its military is doing is key . "  As long as they are transparent , as long as we can discuss these issues on a frank and direct basis then I think we can develop a strong working relationship . " He ended his discussion of China with the reporters on an ominous note about positive relations . "  I think it would be in the interest , not only in the interest of both nations , but also in the interest of the security of the world . "	China handled news of U.S. arms sale to Taiwan well , Panetta says Still , there are some concerns about China weapons program , he says A strong relationship with China is in the interest of global security
CNN  -- As smoke clears from two deadly bombings near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on Monday , focus turns to identifying those responsible . And that 's no easy task . The massive number of cell phones and closed circuit cameras on the street provide an incredible wealth of video and photo . "  This is probably one of the most well photographed areas in the country , " said Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis . The wealth of photographic and video evidence available is both a challenge and an opportunity . "  We intend to go through every frame . " The Boston marathon extends over 26 miles of streets and is largely open to the public . The crime scene around the bombing covers 12 city blocks . "  This is the most complex crime scene we 've ever had to deal with , " said Davis at a press conference Tuesday about the bombings . "  We are processing all the digital photographic evidence we can , " says Richard DesLauriers , the special agent leading the FBI 's Boston Division . He asks that "  the public continue submitting whatever they have to police . " There 's a huge amount of video evidence to process , he says , creating a logistics issue . Grant Fredericks is a forensic video analyst and instructor at the Law Enforcement and Emergency Services Video Association  LEVA  in Indianapolis . LEVA is the only digital multimedia evidence processing lab in the world designed to train video investigators and analyze massive amounts of forensic video evidence , Fredericks says . Which is exactly what 's needed in Boston . Fredericks says there 's no standard in law enforcement to acquire video from the public in the wake of a tragedy such as yesterday 's marathon bombings . But the best example of mass video collection for investigative purposes occurred in June 2011 , when riots occurred after the Vancouver Canucks lost the Stanley Cup finals to the Boston Bruins . The City of Vancouver set up a system in which the public could provide video evidence , such as photos and videos from cell phones , anonymously to police . In response , Vancouver police received 5,000 hours of video from the public . Considering the size of the Boston Marathon and the growing prevalence of smartphone video cameras , the raw volume of footage after this tragedy could be much larger . After gathering those 5,000 hours of footage , Vancouver police then contacted LEVA through the Forensic Video Analysis Response Team to go through all that video . Fredericks says 52 analysts then spent 14 days processing that footage , identifying 15,000 criminal acts perpetrated by 300 rioters . The analysis is not magic , Fredericks says . Three shifts of video forensics experts distributed the raw video evidence to analysts , who then put the evidence into a single interoperable format , and uploaded it into a central management system . From there , it was watched and coded -- meaning that anyone perceived to commit a criminal act was profiled and then attached to a special code that would identify , for example , whether they were wearing a backpack or a hoodie , whether they were carrying anything with them , and any other physical attributes that could be identified .  CNN describes the first potential suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing as "  seen with a black backpack and sweatshirt " and "  trying to get into a restricted area about five minutes before the first explosion . " The purpose of this is to tag people so they can be identified later -- to say , "  hey , this is the same person " identified in previous videos , he says . Fredericks notes that Boston police are likely now going through a similar process , collecting every piece of digital media available from transit and nearly 600 closed circuit television cameras covering the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority alone . According to the ACLU of Massachusetts , "  Stored video can be easily shared with other -LSB- police departments -RSB- over standard web browsers using a system protected by a basic username and password . " In a post Tuesday , Popular Mechanics quoted the study , inferring : "  If the bomber  s  took public transportation , there 's a good chance those steps can be retraced through video footage . " But does this profiling open the possibility for wrongful arrests ? Recall the tragedy of Richard Jewell , the security guard falsely accused of bombing Atlanta 's Centennial Olympic Park during the 1996 Olympics . "  The thing about profiling is that you 're not profiling an individual , you 're profiling a type , " Fredericks says . In Boston , authorities are now combing video evidence for "  anyone with a backpack . " In other words , it 's not the video analyst 's role to worry about whether people are wrongly accused of involvement in the Boston marathon bombings ; it 'll be up to law enforcement to get evidence before they start arresting people . "  The video officer is just a technician , " Fredericks says . In an email to The Verge , Larry Compton , a video analyst with Forensic Video Solutions in Washington D.C. , sees where improvements might be made in the future to make the process easier . "  What needs to be developed is a solution for governments to accept public video and images for such situations , as there were likely several Zapruders who captured evidence , " he writes , referencing the famous film of the Kennedy assassination . "  It needs to be far more comprehensive and useful than just random submissions to the 911 centers . " He suggests that such a system should accept wireless , web , and email submissions when activated . Each submission should include basic contact information , camera info , as well as a time sync reference . "  This would provide a quick bigger picture , " Compton writes . And beyond the video evidence , Fredericks says federal authorities will already have a list of potential terror suspects who could be involved . "  They 'll ask , ` who 's in town , who are we tracking ? ' " Those people become instant suspects before video evidence is analysed . "  The message is this : the most prolific source of evidence available to law enforcement comes from video evidence , comes from video sources , " he says . "  These kinds of cases really underscore that the general public is collecting video evidence every moment of every day . So when you have a major incident in a major area like this where you have a huge gathering of the public , everyone there with a cell phone now has an evidence collection device that can be used by law enforcement . " "  Law enforcement just needs to get that video . " UPDATE : "  The FBI has set up a tip line -- at 1-800-CALL-FBI -- for anyone who has information , images , or details relating to yesterday 's explosions along the Boston Marathon route . We are particularly interested in reviewing video footage captured by bystanders with cell phones or personal cameras near either of the blasts . In an investigation of this nature , no detail is too small . " Read the original article on The Verge : In Boston bombing , flood of digital evidence is a blessing and a curse  2013 Vox Media Inc. . All rights reserved	The many cell phones and cameras on Boston streets give authorities a wealth of images Police : "  We intend to go through every frame " Authorities are asking witnesses for photos and video that might offer clues to the bomber Vancouver police used video footage to identify criminal acts after 2011 riots in that city
CNN  -- A terrorism suspect -- whose 2008 escape from Singapore launched a global manhunt -- has been arrested in Malaysia , according to authorities there . An public alert posted at a supermarket for Mas Selamat Kastari on March 1 , 2008 , in Singapore . Mas Selamat Kastari , suspected leader of the Islamist militant group Jemaah Islamiyah 's Singapore arm , was arrested April 1 in Johor state in Malaysia , near the border of Singapore , Malaysian police said . Authorities have interrogated him and are sharing the information with police in the region , Malaysian law-enforcement officials said . "  It 's very good he 's been caught , but it 's important to remember there are many other fugitives still at large , not  the  least , Noordin Moh Top , " said Sidney Jones , South East Asia director for the International Crisis Group . Noordin is a Malaysian thought to be behind the region 's most recent major attacks . He belongs to a small splinter group of Jemaah Islamiyah that espouses the use of large-scale terror attacks to push for the establishment of Islamic states in the region . Noordin is a one-time officer , recruiter and bomb-maker for Jemaah Islamiyah , who police say has narrowly escaped their dragnets for years . In the case of Mas Selamat , thousands of security forces fanned out across Singapore after he escaped in February 2008 . Interpol , the organization that helps facilitate cooperation among police agencies around the world , later issued a worldwide security alert for him . Mas Selamat had been arrested in Indonesia and turned over to Singapore , on suspicion of plotting to crash a plane into the country 's airport . Jemaah Islamiyah is thought to have links to al-Qaeda and is suspected of being behind the 2002 nightclub bombings on the Indonesian island of Bali that killed more than 200 mostly Western tourists . Singapore is a strong U.S. ally and one of the world 's most prosperous countries with strong international trading links . Mas Selamet fled the southeast Asian country in 2001 after authorities cracked down on Jemaah Islamiyah and arrested dozens of its members . To retaliate , Mas Selamet plotted to hijack a plane and crash it into Singapore 's main airport , Changi , the Home Affairs Ministry said . The plot was not carried out . He also is suspected of being behind plans to attack the U.S. Embassy and a government building . Indonesian authorities arrested Mas Selamet on immigration violation charges in 2003 . Three years later , he was deported to Singapore , the Home Affairs ministry said . He was being held under Singapore 's Internal Security Act , which allows authorities to indefinitely detain someone without trial . Mas Selamet slipped away from a detention center in Singapore after asking to use the toilet before a visit with his family , Home Affairs Minister Wong Kan Seng told lawmakers in parliament 2008 . Journalist Baradan Kuppusamy contributed to this report .	Mas Selamat Kastari was arrested April 1 in Johor state in Malaysia He is suspected head of Islamist militant group Jemaah Islamiyah 's Singapore arm His 2008 escape from Singapore launched a global manhunt He had been arrested on suspicion of plot to crash plane into Singapore 's airport
CNN  -- Roger Federer will surrender his world No. 1 ranking to Novak Djokovic after the 17-time major winner confirmed he is pulling out of the Paris Masters through injury . Federer endured a painful defeat to Juan Martin Del Potro at the Swiss Indoors tournament in Basel on Sunday , a match that lasted a grueling two hours and 45 minutes . And after his marathon match , he confirmed he would skip the Paris Masters in order to focus on the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London that start in early November . That decision means he will lose the rankings points he accrued from three tournaments last year , and will be unable to overhaul Djokovic even if he wins his third straight World Tour Finals crown . "  It 's just too much , " Federer was quoted as saying on the official Paris Masters website after defeat in his home town . "  I was trying to make up my mind and I had some niggles I did n't want to take a chance on . I do n't want to take a chance for London . "  I feel very disappointed as I had one of the best weeks of my life there last year , but this is just a last-minute decision . " Djokovic enjoyed a 53-week stay at the top of the rankings after his record-breaking 2011 until Federer regained top spot after taking his seventh Wimbledon title back in July . But Djokovic will now end the year as world No. 1 for a second successive year , the first time that has happened since Federer held it between 2004 and 2007 . With Rafael Nadal out for the rest of the year with a knee injury , Andy Murray is the major threat to the dominance of Federer and Djokovic and the Briton says he is raring to go after missing the Basel tournament . "  I had a full week of rest after Shanghai which I needed , " Murray told the tournament 's official website . "  I 've had a pretty decent preparation for the tournament , which is good . " Murray is one of the strong favorites for the Paris title , and he is gearing up for a big end to his breakthrough year in which he took his first ever grand slam victory and an Olympic gold medal to boot . "  It does n't make sense to come and save energy , " added the U.S. Open champion . "  Having a full week of rest at this stage of the season  is something that  in the past I had n't really had , so I feel so much fresher coming into Paris than I had done the last few years . "  I 'll try to play my best this week and then see what happens in London . I feel better at this stage of the year compared with last year . " Murray will begin his Paris campaign on Wednesday against either French wild-card Paul-Henri Mathieu or Spanish qualifier Ricardo Bautista-Agut .	Roger Federer will surrender his world No. 1 status by missing Paris Masters The Swiss pulls out of the penultimate tournament of 2012 with injury Federer lost the Swiss Indoors final to Juan Martin Del Potro on Sunday Novak Djokovic now guaranteed to retain the top ranking at the end of 2012
Supporters are coming to the defense of Matt Taylor , the scientist who helped land a space probe on a comet last week and simultaneously sparked cries of sexism with his choice of clothing . During the live stream of the Philae probe landing , Taylor wore a shirt featuring comic-book-style images of scantily clad women carrying guns . The shirt led some to denounce an atmosphere unwelcoming to women in the science fields and even inspired the Twitter hashtag #shirtstorm . Taylor , a project scientist for the European Space Agency , apologized Friday during a progress report on the Rosetta Project . "  The shirt I wore this week , I made a big mistake , and I 've offended many people , and I am very sorry about this , " an emotional Taylor said , wiping his eyes . We can land on a comet , but we ca n't ... Taylor should n't be the one apologizing , according to London Mayor Boris Johnson . In his Telegraph column , Johnson wrote that the "  unrelenting tweetstorm " in response to Taylor 's shirt , coupled with the scientist 's emotional response to it , was a cruel act of public shaming . "  It was like something from the show trials of Stalin , or from the sobbing testimony of the enemies of Kim Il-sung , before they were taken away and shot , " Johnson wrote . "  It was like a scene from Mao 's cultural revolution when weeping intellectuals were forced to confess their crimes against the people . " The public should have been praising Taylor 's accomplishments with the Rosetta Project , Johnson said . Johnson is n't the only one coming to Taylor 's defense , with some concluding that complaints about Taylor 's shirt overshadowed a momentous occasion . In a Time op-ed , Cathy Young highlighted that several women worked alongside Taylor to get the Rosetta Project off the ground , an accomplishment for women that did n't get nearly the attention that Taylor 's shirt garnered . "  Thanks for ruining a cool feminist moment for us , bullies , " Young concluded . A Daily Caller headline labeled the backlash "  Casual Marxism . " Some in the science field sought to go beyond the "  tweetstorm " to explain why #shirtstorm was not just about Taylor 's sartorial choice but highlights the larger issue of dismissive attitudes toward women in STEM , or the fields of science , technology , engineering , and mathematics . Astronomer Phil Plait explained in Slate that while he does n't want to tar Taylor with the "  misogynist " label , the shirt is emblematic of the STEM boys ' club , especially when paired with Taylor 's casual comment about setbacks his team has faced during the Rosetta Project : "  She 's sexy , but I never said she was easy . " "  If you think this is just women complaining , you 're wrong . Certainly many have , and rightly so . But the fact is , I 'm writing about it . I can point you to many men , friends of mine , scientists and science communicators all , who have spoken up about it . It 's important that men speak up , and it 's important that we listen , too . " The backlash against those who complained about Taylor 's shirt is telling , college professor Janet D. Stemwedel wrote in Scientific American : "  This response conveys that women are welcome in science , or science journalism , or the audience for landing a spacecraft on a comet , only as long as they shut up about any of the barriers they might encounter , while men in science should never , ever be made uncomfortable about choices they 've made that might contribute  even unintentionally  to throwing up such barriers , " Stemwedel wrote . The woman who sewed the controversial shirt as a birthday present for Taylor has written a blog post reiterating her support of the scientist , whom she calls "  close and very loved friend . " "  I am so proud of Matt and his achievements and the fact he is an interesting and very brave person to do what he did with the very sweet gesture he made towards my gift and to wear his individuality with pride , " wrote Elly Prizeman . Though the shirt may have been a bad choice for the workplace , images of the heavily tattooed Taylor wearing it showed that modern scientists are n't all sporting pocket protectors and taped-together eyeglasses , some said . "  There must be room in our world for eccentricity , even if it offends the prudes , and room for the vague other-worldliness that often goes with genius , " Johnson wrote in the Telegraph . "  Dr Taylor deserves the applause of our country , and those who bash him should hang their own heads and apologise . "	Scientist Matt Taylor 's shirt featuring sexy images of women caused a backlash Taylor 's shirt upstaged some headlines about landing of space probe Philae Some said his shirt represented a working atmosphere dismissive of women Supporters of Taylor : It was simply a shirt and should not overshadow comet landing
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The 88-year-old white supremacist charged with killing a guard at the Holocaust Memorial Museum left a note proclaiming President Obama a tool of "  Jew owners , " according to court records released Thursday . Writings attributed to James von Brunn and a biography appear on the Web site Holy Western Empire . James von Brunn remained in critical condition in a Washington hospital after being shot by other security guards at the museum Wednesday . A notebook found in his car after the shooting declared , "  You want my weapons -- this is how you 'll get them , " according to investigators . "  The Holocaust is a lie . Obama was created by Jews . Obama does what Jew owners tell him to do . Jews captured America 's money . Jews control the mass media . The 1st Amendment is abrogated -- henceforth , " von Brunn wrote , according to an FBI agent 's affidavit . Previous online postings attributed to James von Brunn promoted the claim that Obama has no valid U.S. birth certificate , a debunked theory rejected by U.S. courts and refuted by a certified copy of his birth certificate from the Hawaii Department of Health . A November 2008 post that appeared under von Brunn 's name declared , "  There is no Obama documentation -- no records -- no paper trail -- none -- this is no accident . It is being done on purpose with Media help -- but to serve whom & why ??? " Von Brunn has been charged with murder in the shooting death of museum guard Stephen Tyrone Johns , 39 , and could face the death penalty . Von Brunn has been living with his son and his son 's girlfriend in an apartment in Annapolis , Maryland . The FBI affidavit states he moved in about two years ago , bringing with him two rifles -- one a .22 - caliber , the type used in Wednesday 's shooting , and a .30 - caliber . Watch more about who is James von Brunn " Scott Aulbach , the son 's former roommate , said von Brunn "  did n't like anything about the government " and "  was really prejudiced against blacks and Jews . " But Aulbach said he was "  floored " when he heard the elderly white supremacist was the suspect in the museum attack . "  I knew the guy , and I heard some of the things he had said and some of the things he did in his past , but I never would have expected this to happen , " he said . "  I mean , it 's a tragedy . " But Jesse Demolli , who once exhibited some of von Brunn 's paintings in his Maryland art gallery , said he was not surprised by the news . "  He was crazy . He was a lunatic . He was scary as hell , " Demolli told CNN affiliate Bay News 9 in Tampa , Florida . He said about eight years ago , another gallery referred von Brunn to him . Demolli said von Brunn 's paintings consisted largely of portraits of Native Americans . He hung about a dozen of the works for about three days , and said von Brunn called every day to find out whether anything had sold . After three days , he said , von Brunn accused him of not doing enough to sell the paintings , telling him he "  really needed money . " Demolli said he gave the man $ 20 , which he immediately used to buy beer and cigarettes and returned to the gallery , where he quickly began to disparage residents of the surrounding neighborhood , which was largely African-American . "  Then he started talking about the gas chambers , and I said , ` Jim , that 's it . That 's it . Time out . ' I told him to get out of my gallery , and I started taking his paintings down , " Demolli said . As he removed the last painting , he said , von Brunn opened his jacket to show him a pistol . "  He said he really liked me and today is my lucky day , and he left , " Demolli said . "  He was a crazy , racist man . " Von Brunn 's ex-wife said she was in a "  state of shock " over the shootings . The woman , who asked not to be identified , said she did not know about her husband 's anti-Semitic views until "  a few years " into their marriage , and said she "  was in total disagreement with his views . " She told Bay News 9 that his views were part of the reason their marriage broke up , which she said happened "  over 30 years ago . " "  I ca n't tell you what was in his mind . I have no idea , " she said . Von Brunn grew up in St. Louis , Missouri , attended Washington University there and graduated in 1943 with a degree in journalism . He joined the Navy the same year , became an officer and served in torpedo boats in both Europe and the Pacific , according to Navy records . In July 1945 , just before Japan 's surrender , he became skipper of a PT boat . He worked in advertising after the war , and described himself as an artist before his arrest Wednesday . But by the 1970s , he had become a "  hardcore neo-Nazi , " according to Heidi Beirich , a researcher for the Alabama-based Southern Poverty Law Center . Watch more about the debate over free speech and hate crimes " Von Brunn served a federal prison term for a 1981 attempt to kidnap members of the Federal Reserve 's board of governors , triggered by anger at what he called the "  treacherous and unconstitutional " acts of an institution he called Jewish-controlled . David Gletty , who infiltrated white supremacist groups for the FBI , said younger members of the movement considered von Brunn "  a POW " for his prison time . "  That 's a badge of honor to these people , " Gletty said . "  They look up to that as if , you know , if you 're military , you get the badges of honor , like the Medal of Honor and so on . " Von Brunn 's Web site promoted his book , "  Kill the Best Gentiles , " in which he claimed the Jewish-led "  Illuminati " and Jewish figures such as Sigmund Freud and Karl Marx worked "  to destroy Western civilization and the Aryan nation that created it . " Postings attributed to him on other Web sites declared both Christianity and the Holocaust "  hoaxes , " and announced that "  Hitler 's worst mistake " was "  he did n't gas the Jews . "	NEW : Gallery owner calls James von Brunn a "  crazy , racist man " NEW : Ex-wife says von Brunn 's anti-Semitic views contributed to divorce Note in suspect James von Brunn 's car proclaims Obama a tool of "  Jew owners " Young neo-Nazis consider von Brunn a "  POW " for going to prison , expert says
CNN  In the style capital of the world , AC Milan is looking to make a $ 340 million statement . The famed football club , seven-time champions of Europe and 18-time Italian champions , has unveiled plans to build a new stadium in the Portello area of the city with the aim of relocating in time for the start of the 2018-19 season . Italian clubs are looking to follow the example of Juventus , which opened its own super arena in 2011 on the site of the old Stadio delle Alpi . Roma also has a plans for a new stadium , while Udinese is currently renovating the Friuli stadium . The official video of the scale model of the new #ACMilan stadium in the Portello - Fiera Milano City area . https://t.co/7kRbflkVdV Many stadiums in the country are not privately owned by the teams . Better stadia is seen by Italian clubs as a way to attracting more fans and thereby generate greater revenue to allow them to compete with their European counterparts . Milan 's move would see the Rossoneri leave the Giuseppe Meazza Stadium it has shared with fierce rivals Inter since 1947 . Design firm Arup is behind the proposed 48,000-seater stadium , which will be sunk 10 meters into the ground so as not to overly disrupt the landscape of the area . Arup were behind Bayern Munich 's Allianz Arena and the Bird 's Nest stadium in Beijing , built for the 2008 Olympic Games . A statement released on Milan 's website also claimed the stadium would use the "  latest technology and sound-proof materials " to minimize the noise heard in the surrounding areas . Inter 's president Erick Thohir has expressed his desire to see his club move into a stadium of its own . Design consultants Manica has released concepts of a new home for Inter on its website .	AC Milan looking to build a new 48,000-seater stadium The club currently shares a stadium with fierce city rivals Inter The new stadium would cost $ 340 million and would open in 2018
CNN  -- Last weekend 's Malaysian Grand Prix was an encouraging race for Ferrari , with Fernando Alonso 's victory lifting some of the gloom which had descended over the legendary Italian team after a disappointing preseason . But while double world champion Alonso celebrated an unlikely triumph in one garage , the mood was considerably more sombre in the camp of his teammate Felipe Massa . The Brazilian has seen his position at Formula One 's most successful team constantly called into question , having struggled to recapture his best form after fracturing his skull during a freak accident at the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix . The former Sauber driver 's downturn continued with a disappointing 15th-place finish at the Sepang International Circuit , having failed to finish the season-opening race in Australia after colliding with Williams ' Bruno Senna . But Ferrari 's team principal Stefano Domenicali has backed the 30-year-old to answer his critics . "  I well remember that , four years ago , in fact right after a Malaysian Grand Prix , which was won for us by Kimi Raikkonen , Felipe was more or less in the same situation as today , " Domenicali told the team 's official website . "  The papers were demanding his immediate replacement and he managed to react in the best way possible , thanks to support from the team , which saw him win two of the next three races . " In 2008 , Massa was denied his first world title in heartbreaking circumstances . He won the season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix and began celebrating , but was denied the championship by one point as McLaren 's British driver Lewis Hamilton overtook Timo Glock on the final corner to finish fifth and steal the glory . "  We remember how that particular season ended , with the Brazilian actually world champion , even if it was just for a few seconds , while we took our sixteenth Constructors ' title , " Domenicali said . He also revealed that , instead of spending time with his family ahead of the next race in China on April 15 , Massa is heading to Italy to work with the team at Ferrari 's home base . "  He will be in Maranello to work alongside the engineers to calmly analyze everything that happened in these past two races , trying to identify why he was not able to deliver what he is capable of , " Domenicali said . "  That 's the right spirit and we are here , ready to help him . " Despite a positive result in Malaysia , Domenicali warned there is still work to do to ensure the F2012 car is competitive ahead of the next race in Shanghai . "  I asked all my people to push to the maximum to try to bring forward as much as possible the developments planned for the next few races , " he said . "  Having Fernando leading the championship means nothing , and we definitely do n't think all our problems have been made to vanish with the wave of a magic wand . "	Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali says Felipe Massa can return to form The Italian driver finished 15th in Malaysia and crashed out in Australia Domenicali reveals Massa is returning to Italy to continue work ahead of race in China The Ferrari chief warns there is still work to do to make the F2012 a competitive car
CNN  -- Ukraine is days away from getting a new president , though seemingly much longer from securing a lasting peace -- as demonstrated yet again Thursday , with its military and separatists continuing to face off in eastern and southern parts of the country . As has been true for weeks , the deadly clashes are centered in the Luhansk and Donetsk regions . Pro-Russian separatists have seized two military bases , and civilian deaths have been reported . Ukrainian National Guard troops on Thursday blocked the main road between the cities of Donetsk and Slovyansk , a hotbed for separatists . Slovyansk itself appeared relatively calm , though there was a real potential the area could erupt at any moment with military and separatist positions separated by less than 1 kilometer . In nearby Krasny Liman , a Ukrainian flag flew over City Hall after government troops took over that community from separatist forces . This turnover followed two days of heavy fighting , with residents reporting they heard firing overnight . Still , any celebration had to be muted by the fact that militants remain close by , dug in on a main road several miles east of the city . These tensions simmered while , hundreds of miles away in Brussels , Belgium , the situation in Ukraine dominated a meeting of G7 leaders . U.S. President Barack Obama threatened more economic sanctions against Russia -- which many in the West accuse of fomenting instability and violence in Ukraine by allowing weapons into the region and supporting separatists -- unless it takes key steps in the coming weeks . Obama warns Russia about continued meddling Those include recognizing Petro Poroshenko , who recently won the first national election since the unrest began last November , as Ukraine 's President when he is inaugurated Saturday . Until now , the Kremlin has refused to recognize the legitimacy of the Kiev-based government that took over after the ouster of then-President Viktor Yanukovych . Neither Poroshenko nor his Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin , ruled out the possibility of meeting when they are in France over the coming days . If they do , they 'll have their work cut out for them , given the deep divisions about what 's happened in Ukraine and what should happen next . Still , the two countries appear to be coming together at least in one respect : Russia 's ambassador to Ukraine , Mikhail Zurabov , will attend Poroshenko 's inauguration , according to state-run RIA Novosti . " -LSB- Zurabov -RSB- is returning to Kiev in order to continue executing his functions , " added Russian foreign ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich . Conflicting accounts in heightened eastern Ukraine fighting Obama vows to stand with Ukraine as he meets President-elect in Poland CNN 's Tim Lister contributed to this report .	NEW : State media : Russian ambassador will go to Ukraine president 's inauguration Ukraine 's Luhansk , Donetsk regions remain focal points of unrest Ukrainian troops block a main road between Donetsk and Slovyansk The military takes over Krasny Liman , though militants are dug in nearby
CNN  -- From baby deliveries to unexpected deaths , Mike Bowes , a 911 dispatcher from Quincy , Massachusetts , has handled a wide range of emergency calls . Emergency dispatcher Mike Bowes received a call that his home was in flames Monday night . But Monday night , the 44-year-old received an unexpected call from his neighbor : His own house was on fire . The 911 call came in about 10:45 p.m. Monday , a little more than an hour before Mike Bowes ' shift ended . My neighbor 's house just blew up , the caller said . "  What 's the address ? " Mike Bowes asked patiently , just as he did with every emergency call for the past 11 years with the Quincy Police Department . The caller frantically relayed the address , Bowes ' home address for 20 years . "  It was shocking , " Mike Bowes said . "  I thought she was kidding . It 's a long shot . I mean , what 's the chances it will be your house ? " Out of 90,000 people who reside in Quincy , Massachusetts , a suburb of Boston , Mike Bowes ' was the home in flames , and he had answered the emergency call . Thoughts raced through his mind : Are my parents OK ? Are the neighbors safe ? What about my stuff ? Following procedure , Mike Bowes transferred the call to the fire department . Soon , dozens of calls about the fire from other neighbors began to pour into the control room . Watch Mike Bowes talk about the fire " One of the callers was his mother , Elizabeth Bowes , 68 . She and her husband , Donald Bowes , 72 , had escaped unharmed . About 10:45 p.m. , Elizabeth Bowes was reading a novel in the kitchen when she heard the explosion and saw flames shoot through the kitchen window . She ran to wake her husband in a first-floor bedroom . There was also a landlord living in upstairs . Firefighters arrived within minutes and helped her to safety . Within five minutes of receiving the call , police escorted Mike Bowes to his home . He could see the fire light up the dark sky from afar . Anxious neighbors gathered in the park nearby . He was relieved to find his parents together on the sidewalk . "  My parents are alive ; my neighbors are alive , " he said . "  It 's an inconvenience , but we 'll get through it . " In another coincidence , one of the first firefighters to arrive on scene was Mike Bowes ' cousin , Tom Bowes . Tom Bowes , a firefighter for the past eight years , scrambled into the house to salvage old albums with wedding and baby photos amid the flames . But everything else -- the clothes , electronics and furniture -- were destroyed . No one was injured in the fire , and firefighters have yet to determine what caused the blaze . They say it started in the garage , about 15 feet from the home . Mike Bowes says his job prepared him to deal with the challenging circumstances . Bowes and his family are living in a hotel , and local police officers and firefighters have donated clothes and money . "  A lot of people think dispatchers are strange because I 've been joking about what happened , " he said . "  I say , ` If I 'm not laughing , I 'll start crying . ' This is what I have to do . "	Massachusetts dispatcher answered neighbor 's call about burning home Three other people in home escaped uninjured He says his dispatch experience with crises helps him cope with losing a home
Going off-road used to mean tearing up dirt tracks in a powerful four-by-four or gigantic monster truck . For two ambitious tech start-ups however , the term has come to comprise something more subtle and potentially revolutionary . For the past 18 months Matternet and Aria -- separate companies born out of the the same Silicon Valley incubator -- have been working towards creating a roving network of automated drones that will help connect rural and under-developed areas with little access to existing road or highway systems . While the idea may sound far-fetched to those unfamiliar with the latest in civilian drone technology , preliminary vehicle testing has already taken place . See also : Where is the world 's best airport ? "  The easiest way to describe what we are doing is to compare how mobile telephony has taken off in the developing world , " said Matternet founder and CEO , Andreas Raptopoulos . "  We want  to leapfrog the traditional modes of transportation infrastructure in a similar way and bring items through these unmanned aerial vehicles  UAVs  to people who may otherwise be cut off or isolated , " he added . A network of drones The idea stems from when Raptopoulos led a research group including the company 's three other co-founders at the Singularity University in Silicon Valley . They envisioned employing a fleet of drones with a two kilogram payload capacity and a six mile flight-range . These automated vehicles would be complemented on the ground by a vast network of strategically positioned hubs , enabling drones to recharge their batteries every few miles before continuing to the next station  where the recharging process is repeated  or final destination . Control of the drones and the assignment of packages for delivery would eventually be handled by an automated operating system . Orders or requests could then be placed and paid for by cell phone . The potential applications , Raptopoulos explained , include delivery of medicines to disconnected areas , enabling farmers to supply products directly to customers and providing vital materials to areas cut off by natural disasters . In the future , he adds , the concept could also be adapted to enhance the transport or distribution systems of large cities . See also : The lion city roars So far , Matternet have reached the stage of conducting initial trials of "  quadrocopter " drones , which took place in Haiti and the Dominican Republic last year . While happy with the results , Raptopolous believes the concept needs more testing before commercial or civilian deployment can be considered . Internet of actual things Meanwhile Aria  Autonomous Roadless Intelligent Array  -- set up by students from the same Singularity University class but concentrating more on developing an open source system and ground network -- intends to develop an autonomous aerial system to service this year 's Burning Man festival in Nevada . According to Aria co-founder , Arturo Pelayo , a hyper-connected UAV network creates the possibility of a physical delivery system so dense and interconnected that is in effect an "  analogue internet . " "  On the internet you send digital packages . On the analogue internet you are still sending packages but these are physical , " he said . "  We see the opportunity to create these very flexible networks serviced by these systems and ground hubs  which could even be something as basic as a disused shipping container  over very large areas , " he added . See also : Is the Danube Romania 's ` blue motorway ' As the technology develops further , Pelayo believes they will overcome the drones ' principle limitations -- namely the short distances they can travel and small weight they are able to carry . He also highlights cost benefits as a significant factor in making the technology attractive to potential users . Counting the cost Raptopolous agrees and points to a case study carried out at the Singularity University of the Maseru district in the tiny African kingdom of Lesotho , which put the price of a network of 50 base-stations and 150 drones at just $ 900,000 -- comparing favorably against $ 1 million for a two kilometer , one-lane road . But while enthusiastic about these figures Raptopolous emphasizes that he does n't see drones replacing roads or highways any time soon . Roads , after all , still carry the obvious benefit of being able to transport people and cater for much larger and heavier loads . "  The idea of Matternet is not to replace systems where they work well but really to complement them , " he said . External factors such as how small drones perform in bad weather , how they interact with other aircraft as well as public perceptions of devices best known for their operation in a military theater will also have to be overcome , he admits . On top of this , the fact that drones could be adapted to transport illicit materials such as drugs is also something that must be considered . This is a point addressed by associate professor of aviation at the University of North Dakota , Ben Trapnell . However , he noted that while such networks could theoretically be abused in such a way it would be foolish to disregard the "  host of societal and economic benefits " they could provide .	Matternet and Aria are exploring the possibility of dense drone networks that could deliver goods to remote areas The idea is to connect regions or towns where roads are unreliable or do not reach Preliminary vehicle tests have already taken place in Haiti and the Dominican Republic
Charles Smith insisted Sunday that the former NBA players who went to North Korea for a basketball diplomacy trip , led by Dennis Rodman , were n't paid by the repressive regime . "  Absolutely not . I think I am astute enough to understand the dynamics , especially collecting monetary dollars from North Korea . No , we did not get paid from North Korea at all , " he told CNN in a lengthy exclusive interview on "  New Day Sunday . " Smith , who retired from the NBA in 1997 after nine seasons , said an Irish online betting company and a documentary film crew paid expenses for the ex-players turned hoops ambassadors . Last month the Irish company , Paddy Power , said it had removed its name from Rodman 's project after the execution of Kim 's uncle and top aide , Jang Song Thaek . But it said it would honor its "  contractual commitments " to the team . Speaking by satellite from Beijing , Smith said it was n't about the money . He saw it as an opportunity to go to a reclusive country and exchange cultural information with other athletes and citizens . But he did n't see it as a birthday present for North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . "  That 's the date that was set . I did n't know it was his birthday , " he said in the half-hour interview . "  And it did n't matter to me once I found out that it was his birthday . " Smith said he felt for Rodman , who asked for his help organizing the trip and who really seemed to want to pull off a big event . "  I saw the pressure mount . I saw him change , and it was very difficult keeping him and everyone together  once controversy began over traveling to North Korea  , " he said . Rodman arrived at Beijing airport on a flight from Pyongyang on Monday morning , the last of the team 's players to leave North Korea . The players ' trip also met with criticism because North Korea still holds Kenneth Bae , a U.S. citizen who was arrested in November 2012 , convicted last spring by Pyonyang of "  hostile acts " intended to topple the government , and sentenced to 15 years in a labor camp . Some questioned whether the players would advocate for his release , but they did n't -- at least not publicly . "  We did n't go there for that . We went there to do what we normally do , and that 's to be cross-cultural ambassadors and use the game of basketball as a bridge for exchange , " he said . Smith said the difference between this trip and other sports exchanges was that the players were n't sent as representatives of the United States . "  We 're athletes doing it ourselves , " he said . When celebrity meets brutality Smith said he has no regrets about going . He said he was able to meet some North Korean citizens and even came across one man who winced before shaking the hand of the first African-American he had ever met . Smith said the man told him they did n't have a very good view of African-Americans . The man rubbed his hand as if the color would come off , Smith said . Rodman appears to bow , sings ` Happy Birthday ' to North Korea 's Kim "  Then the next day after we talked for a while , he came up to me and said he was sorry , " Smith said . The former NBA player , who now travels frequently as a basketball ambassador , said he did n't go to any areas where people are hungry . Smith also swapped sports stories with North Korea 's sports minister and basketball players from the national team . He thinks that will be a positive outcome from the trip . "  We accomplished a relationship on the sports side in North Korea , " he said . "  Where it goes from there , I do not know at this point in time . But we established a relationship . They 've asked us to come back . Whether we go back or not , I 'm not sure . I do n't know . But there was a relationship established between a group of individuals in two different countries that do n't communicate . " Rodman apologizes for North Korea outburst , says he 'd been drinking	Dennis Rodman arrives at Beijing airport after leaving North Korea The basketball players were n't acting as political liaisons , Charles Smith tells CNN In 30-minute interview he says he felt for Dennis Rodman , who put a lot of pressure on himself Smith says he did n't know the date of the contest was the birthday of North Korea 's leader
CNN  -- Verrry scary things as we approached Halloween : 1 . Zombies . 2 . Vampires . 3 . David Ortiz . It was a dark and bone-chilling night in Boston , Massachusetts . A game of baseball was to be played -- a spine-tingly , goose-bumpy game , Game 6 of the 2013 World Series , in a park fenced in by a Green Monster -- and the visiting St. Louis Cardinals had a particularly petrifying sight to face on Halloween eve when , one by one , those wolfman-hairy Boston Red Sox came to bat : "  Big Papi . " Screams . A thunder clap . A lightning bolt . Oooh , as scary as the walking dead . Up to the plate he stepped , 6 feet 4 , 250 pounds , lugging a huge wooden club . A cardinal or two on the front of a St. Louis player 's shirt must have flown away in fear . The rest of the Red Sox were eerie enough , with those demented-farmer-from-a-horror-film faces of theirs . Yet it was not the dark whiskers of David Americo Ortiz that were intimidating to anybody . It was that bat . That dangerous , deadly , pitcher 's - bloodsucking bat . Sure enough , they tried to take that bat out of Ortiz 's huge hands . They walked him ... and walked him ... and walked him ... . and walked him . Four times , three of them intentional , but all for naught because the Red Sox took Game 6 anyway , 6-1 , to claim the World Series as their own on the green grass of home . He came to Wednesday night 's game hitting .733 . No , not .333 . Not even .533 , which would have been a fairly surreal bat stat . The monster masher known in New England to all as "  Big Papi " already had 11 hits in 15 official times at bat in this World Series , a fiendishly good , sell-your-soul batting average of .733 . Which is kind of like playing 18 holes of golf and getting birdies on 14 or 15 of them . Once when he DID N'T get on base , he walloped a ball to Fenway Park 's right-field wall that required a fence-banging , rib-bruising catch on the part of the Cardinals ' Carlos Beltran to prevent it from being a grand slam home run . Scary good , this guy has been . A banshee 's cry . A creaking door . On the opposite wall of Boston 's ancient park , the intimidatingly high left-field one nicknamed the "  Green Monster , " ghosts inside probably were cackling in delight whenever Ortiz lurched up to home plate . Wednesday 's game needed to be won by the visitors from Missouri to stay alive . They must have felt Fenway 's old walls closing in on them , like anxious villagers finding themselves trapped by Stephen King under a dome . St. Louis came armed with a strong team and a splendid pitching staff . Yet it had to at least consider the possibility of NOT having a pitcher throw a single pitch to Big Papi . At least not one he could hit . Wait ... you mean walk Ortiz on purpose every time up , no matter what ? It might beat getting beat by his bat . "  I remember them doing it to Frank Howard , " the former big-league outfielder Rick Reichardt said when I touched base with him before Wednesday 's game . September 2 , 1970 : Cleveland Indians vs. Washington Senators . The manager of the visiting team , Alvin Dark , had a dread of seeing 6-foot-7 , 255-pound Frank Howard stride toward the plate . "  He 's the monster man in baseball , " Dark once said of him . "  I never saw any man feared like this . " So , he intentionally walked Howard time after time . He made pitcher Sam McDowell walk him in the first inning .  Reichardt batted next and made an out .  Walked him in the third inning , even though Howard was the first man up .  Reichardt struck out .  Walked him in the fifth , again with none on base and none out .  Reichardt singled , then Howard scored on a wild pitch . It got weirder . Sixth inning , two Senators on base , Howard up , so the Cleveland manager decided to finally risk pitching to him . He told McDowell to go from the mound to first base . He brought in the great Dean Chance just to pitch to Howard , who promptly made Dark regret it with a base hit . Reichardt then knocked in a run and Washington won the game . Would you walk the Red Sox 's red-hot David Ortiz every time at bat ? "  Every at-bat , I would not , " Reichardt told me . "  But depending on the situation , it could be automatic . " This is the kind of fear that Barry Bonds struck in his foes . Bonds was walked intentionally a whopping 120 times in the 2004 season alone . That is insane . Yet to opposing managers , it felt more logical than letting Bonds have a chance to belt a home run . Sparky Anderson refused to let George Brett hit after being burned by him once too often . "  Anytime I 've got first base open , " Anderson said in the '80s when he was managing the Detroit Tigers , "  that 's where he 's going . " Walk him even with the bases full ? "  You bet , " Sparky said . "  That 's the way they pitched Ted Williams . I 'll take my chances with whoever 's on deck . " Ah , Ted Williams ... the scariest Red Sox of them all . Willie McCovey of the San Francisco Giants was once walked deliberately by Anderson four times in a game , whereupon he yelled to Anderson in the dugout : "  Who do you think I am , Ted Williams ? " Hmmm , maybe the specter of Ted Williams was there a-haunting Fenway Park as well , watching over Ortiz as the Red Sox went out hunting for the ultimate Halloween treat . The way that Ortiz had been hitting in this World Series , you could definitely describe it as Williams-esque . Big Papi , unlike the man once nicknamed the Splendid Splinter , is a baseball slugger in an era when many fans have become suspicious of a hitter 's success . Is his prowess the result of hard work and legitimate talent or are more sinister methods involved : a secret formula from a Frankenstein-like laboratory , perhaps ? Ahhh , but almost nobody seems to speculate that a banned steroid has ever passed through David Ortiz 's flesh and veins . He seems immune to suspicion , possibly due to his always being a man of considerable size , big arms , big trunk , big head , and not some 170-pound beanpole who transformed into a baseball-crushing beast . "  They pick me  to be drug-tested  every time , I do n't know why , " Ortiz said a few years ago with a bemused shrug . "  All I know is all they are going to find is a lot of rice and beans . " He came to Halloween eve looking to torment and haunt everyone from St. Louis to the very end . A maniacal laugh . A wolf 's howl . The Cardinals , well , they were looking to do whatever it took , short of garlic or a stake to the heart , to fend off Fenway Park 's scary bat . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	Mike Downey : David Ortiz may have been the scariest thing to face Cardinals this Halloween "  Big Papi " was awesome at the plate : 11 hits in 15 official times at bat before Game 6 Downey : Cardinals had to walk Ortiz four times in the final game ; they lost anyway Red Sox claimed the series as their own in large part due to Ortiz , Downey says
Washington  CNN  -- Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson is ordering more security for more than 9,500 federal government buildings and their 1.4 million daily visitors . Johnson said in a statement Tuesday that the Federal Protective Service 's new security measures are a precautionary guard against "  continued public calls by terrorist organizations for attacks on the homeland and elsewhere " after two attacks last week on Canada 's government . But Johnson did n't reveal the details of the new security measures , saying they 'll vary by location . "  The precise actions we are taking and the precise locations at which we will enhance security is law-enforcement sensitive , will vary and shift from location to location , and will be continually re-evaluated , " Johnson said in the statement . A Homeland Security official told CNN there is "  no new intelligence " suggesting that U.S. government buildings face additional threats , and emphasized that the changes are a "  precautionary measure " that only apply to buildings secured by the Federal Protective Service . CNN 's Evan Perez contributed to this report .	The United States is enhancing security measures at federal buildings The move comes after attacks on Canada 's government last week Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson called the enhanced security precautionary
CNN  She is being called Zephany Nurse , though it is not the name with which the 17-year-old South African girl grew up . Zephany means "  hidden by the Lord , " a fitting name for a girl who was allegedly kidnapped at birth and found thanks to an improbable coincidence . South African Police have been mostly quiet about the case . A police spokesman , Andre Traut , confirmed that a woman was arrested last week and charged with kidnapping and falsely pretending that she was the girl 's biological mother . Zephany was a newborn when she was taken from a Cape Town hospital in 1997 . She is 17 and in her final year of school . In fact , according to local reports , that 's how she crossed paths with her biological parents , Celeste and Morne Nurse . According to the South African Press Association , an independent news agency , students at their second daughter 's school unknowingly solved the kidnapping . The second daughter , who was born four years after Zephany was kidnapped , started eighth grade at a Cape Town school this year , according to SAPA . Fellow students told her there was a girl in her final year of school who looked just like her , the news agency reported . The two girls became friends , according to SAPA , and eventually , Morne Nurse made up an excuse to meet his daughter 's new friend . He , too , was taken by the similarities and contacted the police , SAPA reported . A DNA test was done , and last week police arrested the 50-year-old woman who had raised Zephany . The woman made an initial appearance before a judge who ruled that she would remain behind bars at least until her next hearing . The shocking revelation has no easy conclusion . While Zephany 's biological parents have said in interviews over the years that they never lost hope of finding her , for now , the girl is in the custody of the social services . The Nurses have been allowed to visit Zephany for short periods , South African media reported . And on Tuesday , Zephany herself released a statement , via the Centre for Child Law , which is representing her . "  I want to say thank you to all the people who supported me through this , for continuously praying and never giving up on looking for me , " she said . "  Under the circumstances , I am doing fine . "	Celeste and Morne Nurse 's baby was stolen from the hospital in 1997 17 years later , their child has been found
CNN  -- The notion of postcard-perfect villages steeped in old-world charm has inspired centuries of travelers to fan out across Europe , seeking its secluded hamlets . As a result , the continent 's scenic spots rarely remain hidden for long . It does n't take much to make a charming village feel uncomfortably popular . Consider the five fishing villages that make up Italy 's Cinque Terre , where an evening summertime stroll often feels like shuffling through a packed amusement park , complete with overpriced restaurants and souvenir shops . The first requirement of a beautiful village is a scenic location , whether among the Norwegian fjords or the sun-splashed Greek isles . But the finest also have distinctive features like the plaza ringed with high-gabled pastel faades in Tel , Czech Republic , or the unforgettable Victorian castle rising above the thatched roofs of Cong , Ireland . Reaching some of these European beauties requires extra effort , yet the rewards are dazzling . Your eyes will thank you . Tellaro , Italy Snaking cliff-top roads and a minuscule harbor have protected Tellaro from the wave of tourism that has swallowed other Ligurian seaside towns like Vernazza and Portofino . A jumble of pastel buildings clings vertiginously to the sheer cliffs of Tellaro , which occupies the easternmost tip of the Golfo dei Poeti . It 's named for the poets and literary icons like Lord Byron and D. H. Lawrence who have sought inspiration in this Mediterranean haven . Finding Main Street on a motorcycle Bibury , England The hilly Cotswold region is a designated "  Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty " in southwestern England , and one of its loveliest villages is Bibury , where verdant meadows abut ancient stone cottages with steep pitched roofs . The River Coln , which bisects the village , teems with trout , but the most scenic area is Arlington Row , a lane of sepia-hued cottages built in the 17th century to house weavers from the nearby Arlington Mill . Travel + Leisure : Best walking shoes for travel Hallstatt , Austria The storybook town of Hallstatt in central Austria enjoys a gorgeous setting on the bank of the Hallsttter See , between the pristine lake and a lush mountain that rises dramatically from the water 's edge . A history of salt mining dating back thousands of years has translated into enduring prosperity for the town , which is most evident in the beautiful square ringed with ivy-covered buildings . Best affordable island hotels Folegandros , Greece Santorini 's streets sag with admirers , but on Folegandros , a nearby island in the Cyclades , you 'll find similar architecture -- streets paved in slate , whitewashed buildings decorated with colorful flowers , the occasional Greek Orthodox church with a bright blue dome -- without the crowds . For a secluded swim , trek to Katergo , a sheltered stretch of beach where gentle , emerald-blue waves lap the pebbly shore . Travel + Leisure : America 's ugliest college campuses Colmar , France French and German influences commingle in this well-preserved Alsatian village , where local bakeries sell both croissants and kugelhopf , and restaurants specialize in foie gras and sauerkraut  or choucroute  . A range of architectural styles , from German Gothic to French Neo-Baroque , can be spotted in the old town , which was spared destruction during World War II -- thanks in part to the historical beauty of its cobblestoned lanes , quiet canals , and half-timbered houses . Reine , Norway North of the Arctic Circle , Reine is a pretty fishing village in the Lofoten archipelago , an area of starkly beautiful Nordic wilderness , where sapphire bays punctuate fjords and mountains . Many of the bright red fishermen 's cabins  called rorbuer  have been converted into comfortable cottages for visitors that offer direct access to the Norwegian Sea . Settle in for a front-row view of the night sky and its mesmerizing entertainment , from summer 's midnight sun to winter 's northern lights . Travel + Leisure : Best money saving tips for European travel Tel , Czech Republic Residents of Tel , a small town in south Moravia , were once quite competitive about the beauty of their homes , as is evident today on the elongated main square , where one building is lovelier than the next . The Baroque - and Renaissance-style faades , featuring high gables painted in pale pastels , now support small shops and cafs . A grand Renaissance-era chteau and large fish-filled ponds surround the square . See more of Europe 's most beautiful villages Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Tellaro occupies the easternmost tip of the Golfo dei Poeti Bibury 's row of 17th century cottages may be the Cotswold village 's most scenic area French and German influences mix in the well-preserved Alsatian village of Colmar
Rio de Janeiro  CNN  -- Women shake their hips seductively and children dance in flip-flops to booming electronic music while young men brandish pistols and the occasional assault rifle . It 's just another funk party in one of the lawless favelas on the outskirts of Rio de Janeiro . Since 2008 , when authorities launched a so-called "  pacification " effort , police have stormed dozens of slums to squeeze out criminal gangs and make the city safer for residents as well as the hundreds of thousands of tourists expected for the World Cup , which starts next month , and the 2016 Olympic Games . Initially , police targeted shantytowns closest to tourist hot spots , the iconic favelas that cling to hills overlooking Copacabana and Ipanema . But far from the sunny beaches and pretty promenades that line the coast , drug gangs still reign supreme . Even during the day , the drug business is brisk and carried out in the open . Armed men , often just teenagers , stand watch at corners and communicate by radio as housewives , workers and children coming home from school walk by . Sales are made from a plastic table erected on a corner , piled with little baggies of marijuana , hashish , cocaine , crack , even an inhalant containing ether . Money is stuffed in plastic containers . The local dealers agree to talk while they carry on with their trade . "  What we sell most is the famous white powder , the 20-real hits , " says Jorge as he holds up little baggies of cocaine , worth about $ 8 . A hit of crack costs about $ 2 and a baggie of marijuana about $ 4 . They say most of their customers are locals , but they increasingly have more clients coming from Rio 's wealthier neighborhoods because of the heavier police presence there . Jorge , 22 with bleached hair , wears board shorts and flip-flops and has an AR-15 slung over his shoulder . "  I was born in the middle of trafficking . I did n't see any other alternative , " he says . "  If I could choose a profession , I would be a fireman or a doctor . " For decades , Rio 's favelas were neglected by authorities , considered no-go zones even by police . Rival drug gangs fought for control . They became judge , jury and executioner -- and a part of daily life . Jorge says : "  If I told you I was n't afraid of dying it would be a lie . If I told you I avoided death , it would be a lie . I would n't be here trafficking if it were true . " But he says he thinks the greater police presence would make life worse for his community . Under the controversial pacification program , police have reduced crime and killings in the communities where they have seized control from drug gangs , but they have also come under fire for strong-arm tactics and excessive violence . In some cases they have been accused of murder . Police are investigating some allegations but say they are isolated incidents . In the hundreds of far-flung shantytowns that have n't yet been included in the program , feelings are mixed . A community organizer , who asked not to be named , said a police presence should just be the first step for greater participation in city life . "  What we need here are opportunities for our young people , like job training and internships , " he said . "  The police just come in here wanting to break heads . " But for Wagner , a former trafficker now interned at a drug rehabilitation shelter , pacification would be a way for his community to break free . "  My community lives in a constant war zone . There are people who support the traffickers , but they always want something in exchange : They want your son or they want you to leave your door open so they can escape from the police . They always want something , " he says . But most people seem to agree that the police first have to convince communities they wo n't just pack up and leave once the World Cup and Olympics are over .	Drug gangs still reign in Rio shantytowns that have n't seen pre-World Cup crackdowns ` Pacification ' is credited with reducing crime but accused of using heavy-handed tactics Residents carry on their lives with drug deals on corners and teens carrying guns One former trafficker says : "  My community lives in a constant war zone "
London  CNN  -- The Olympic torch is set to make a dramatic entry to London Friday , descending via a 180-foot line from a helicopter to the historic Tower of London . The torch 's arrival in the capital begins the final week before the Games open and the final stage in its long journey . More than 10 million people have already lined the streets of more than 1,000 communities around Britain to see the torch , which has been carried by more than 7,000 torchbearers , Olympic organizers said . Nearly 1,000 more will carry the torch along nearly 200 miles of London streets over the coming week , before it takes a starring role at the opening ceremony at the Olympic Park on July 27 . Read about Greece passing the Olympic flame to Britain Eighteen torchbearers will carry the flame on the final day of the relay , with seven of them traveling with it down the River Thames on the royal barge Gloriana , which played a central role in the Diamond Jubilee river pageant for Queen Elizabeth II . The torch 's arrival at the Tower of London on Friday evening promises to be eye-catching . A Royal Marine commando , carrying the flame in a lantern , will abseil -- the technique known as "  rappel " in the United States -- 180 feet from a Royal Navy Sea King helicopter into the grounds , where London Mayor Boris Johnson will be waiting to greet it . The torch will be carried around the Tower , which dates back to the 11th century , before spending the night in the safekeeping of the Jewel House , home of the Crown Jewels . The buildup to the Olympics has been overshadowed by a security fiasco caused by the failure of contractor G4S to supply enough guards for the Games . 2012 Olympic flame lit in ancient stadium But Johnson told CNN 's Becky Anderson that while London authorities are not complacent , he is confident in their ability to keep visitors safe . "  We do everything in our power to maximize security at the venues and that 's working well now -- the army , the military as well as G4S are providing very safe conditions on the site , plus there is a huge amount of work that nobody has seen involving the intelligence service , " the mayor said "  That 's something about an event like this -- you listen out for what may or may not be happening on the Internet , you try as hard as you possibly can to monitor the potential suspects . " Johnson said it is impossible to guard against all "  unknown unknowns " and that 's why strong security is needed at venues . "  At no stage can you guarantee that someone wo n't do something moronic , stupid , violent and tragic , not just in London but the whole of the UK is a potential target in this period , " he said . But at the same time , he said , "  the intelligence is as reassuring as it could be under the circumstances . The threat level as far as we are aware has slightly come down in the last 12 months , but you can never be certain . " Look at photos of the journey of the Olympic flame Authorities said Thursday that an additional 1,200 British troops were being placed on standby for the Olympic Games . The company 's recruitment shortfall had already forced the government to call in 3,500 extra military personnel to help . Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt , the minister in charge of overseeing the Games , said that there was no need to deploy extra troops but that putting 1,200 on standby means they can be moved within 48 hours rather than seven days if required . G4S has a  # 284 million  $ 444 million  government contract to provide 10,400 security staff for the Olympic Games , but only about 4,000 guards are trained and ready . It expects to provide at least 7,000 by the time the Games start , chief executive Nick Buckles told lawmakers earlier this week . Home Secretary Theresa May gave more details on how the fiasco unfolded in a letter sent to the head of Parliament 's Home Affairs Committee on Thursday . Although the Home Office did not become aware of the full extent of the shortfall until July 11 , G4S had alerted the government to "  scheduling problems " affecting staff numbers on June 28 , she said . Once it became clear how large the shortfall would be , the government put its contingency plans into operation , she wrote . "  G4S will still be making a substantial contribution to venue security , " she wrote . "  All G4S personnel working on venue security duties will have had training for the role they are undertaking , " May added . The G4S recruits are supposed to perform tasks including venue perimeter security , such as manning X-ray machines , searching people , searching vehicles and operating closed-circuit television systems , the company said .	A Royal Marine commando will bring the flame from a helicopter into the Tower of London Torchbearers will carry the flame along 200 miles of London streets this week The Olympic Games open in the city on July 27 The buildup to the Games has been overshadowed by a fiasco over security guards
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Rhett Miller , the Old 97 's frontman , can be hard to get a fix on . Old 97 's frontman Rhett Miller says that his solo albums keep him from going nuts . He 's a rock 'n' roll musician , yet soft-spoken and mild-mannered . He 's 38 years old , but looks 23 . He once cut his hair really short in an attempt to make himself less attractive , but now wears his mane long and shaggy . And then there are his Twitter entries , which have a wit all their own . For example : "  Sometimes , sitting in a hot tub , I pretend that I 'm in the kitchen of some giant who 's making Rhett soup . And I just start screaming . " Watch how Miller 's kids react to his singing " OK , maybe that 's a little disturbing . But we are talking about a singer-songwriter whose imagination gets more than the average workout . Miller has been writing songs as the frontman for the alt-country band Old 97 's for 16 years , and has also penned four solo albums . Watch Miller play a song from his album " In fact , the Old 97 's -- which started as a bar band in Dallas , Texas -- has such an extensive catalogue that during a four-night run in Hoboken , New Jersey , in June , the band played original sets each night , with only the closing song repeated . Miller talked to CNN about his new , self-titled solo album -- hailed by Rolling Stone magazine as his strongest yet -- and why playing in front of his kids is n't necessarily great for his ego . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Is it difficult being both a solo artist and the front man for Old 97 's ? Rhett Miller : No . Without the solo career I would n't have an outlet for about half of my creative impulses and I 'd go nuts . CNN : Do you consider yourself more rock 'n' roll than alt-country these days ? Miller : Yeah . I love old-timey country and British pop and twee folk , but at heart I am a rock 'n' roller . Have you ever seen me bang my head ? CNN : I 'm curious to know why you would release a self-titled album four albums into your solo career . Rhett Miller : That is a weird thing , is n't it ? I do n't know ... the last two records , "  The Instigator " and "  The Believer , " I felt like I was writing from a bit of a remove . ... -LSB- This record -RSB- feels very honest and soul-bearing and vulnerable and all those things that are scary . And so it made sense to make it "  Rhett Miller . " And it 's a fantastic name . It 's worked really well for me so far . CNN : It is a cool name . Is it real ? Miller : To an extent . My real name is Stewart Ransom Miller II . And my mom agreed to that name if I would be called Rhett . 'Cause all of the nicknames that come out of Stewart Ransom Miller II are not good . CNN : What 's wrong with Stu ? Miller : Stu , really ? But then I 'd be like meat stew . CNN : You were really torn up over the death of your hero , author David Foster Wallace . Did that influence this album at all ? Miller : Yeah . Even though I think this record sounds very happy , there 's some subtext of real despair on it . We all go through tough times . I dealt with a few different personal things and it seems I know a lot of people who are going through divorces . The world is going through an incredible economic crisis . And then David Foster Wallace goes and kills himself . And yeah , I think it shows up on the record . You probably have to listen to it a few times to really realize that that 's happening and that 's intentional ... because I do n't really want people listening to the record crying . CNN : You have two little kids . How has being a father changed your approach to music ? Miller : The weirdest thing about being a dad and still being a songwriter is the logistics of it . You know , finding a moment to write a song . The only thing I could figure out to do was sit in the middle of the madness , in the middle of the living room and with the chaos swirling all around me and just write a song there . They could n't care less what I 'm doing . Every once in a while they tell me to be quiet . Or they 'll walk over and put their hands on the guitar strings and go "  Daddy , shhh . " CNN : You 've been called a heartthrob . Is that a blessing or a curse ? Miller : Ummm ... thank you , I guess , for the implied compliment . It 's been a weird thing . When I started I was a teenager and I was opening for punk rock bands and I 'd get written about in the paper in Dallas as "  pretty boy teen folkie " or "  impish folkie . " It was always this diminutive , reductive thing that happened and so I rebelled against that . On the first Old 97 's record -- maybe the first couple of records -- on the photos on the album you could n't see me . Everybody else would be in focus and I would be blurry . I 'd wear big civil engineer eye glasses , I got a buzz cut . I would intentionally try and make myself look as awful as I could . Fortunately I was still able to get girlfriends . But then at a certain point I thought , "  This is so stupid ! Is this such a horrible thing ? " And so I got a Jon Bon Jovi haircut and started wearing nicer clothes , got Lasik . I do n't know man , if that 's the worst problem I 've got then it 's a pretty good life . CNN : Has Twitter made a big impact on the way musicians and fans relate ? Miller : I do n't know about all musicians , but I definitely enjoy the succinctness of the format and the immediate connection to the fans . CNN : What distinguishes an impressive tweet from an ordinary tweet ? Miller : Humor . Wait , did you ask what I look for in a lady ? CNN : If you were n't a musician , what might you be doing ? Miller : Definitely not stand-up comedy . Maybe co-hosting a show on a cable news network ?	Rhett Miller , frontman of Old 97 's , has new solo album out Miller : Solo career provides another outlet for creativity Musician juggles songwriting with two kids ; children do n't always like songs
CNN  -- Scientists have discovered the first confirmed Earthlike planet outside our solar system , they announced Wednesday . An artist 's impression shows what the planet may look like in close orbit with its sun . "  This is the first confirmed rocky planet in another system , " astronomer Artie Hatzes told CNN , contrasting the solid planet with gaseous ones like Jupiter and Saturn . But "  Earthlike " is a relative term . The planet 's composition may be similar to that of Earth , but its environment is more like a vision of hell , the project 's lead astronomer said . It is so close to the star it orbits "  that the place may well look like Dante 's Inferno , with a probable temperature on its ` day face ' above 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit  2,000 degrees Celsius  and minus-328 degrees Fahrenheit  minus 200 degrees Celsius  on its night face , " said Didier Queloz of Geneva Observatory in Switzerland , the project leader . Hatzes , explaining that one side of the body is always facing the star and the other side always faces away , said the side "  facing the sun is probably molten . The other side could actually have ice " if there is water on the planet . "  We think it has no atmosphere to redistribute the heat , " Hatzes told CNN from Barcelona , Spain , where he is attending the "  Pathways Towards Habitable Planets " conference . The astronomers were stunned to find a rocky planet so near a star , he said . "  We would have never dreamed you would find a rocky planet so close , " he said . "  Its year is less than one of our days . " The planet , known as CoRoT-7b , was detected early last year , but it took months of observation to determine that it had a composition roughly similar to Earth 's , the European Southern Observatory said in a statement . Astronomers were able to measure the dimensions of the planet by watching as it passed in front of the star it orbits , then carried out 70 hours of study of the planet 's effect on its star to infer its weight . With that information in hand , they were able to calculate its density -- and were thrilled with what they found , Hatzes said . "  What makes this exciting is you compare the density of this planet to the planets in our solar system , it 's only Mercury , Venus and Earth that are similar , " Hatzes , of the Thuringer observatory in Germany , told CNN . They were helped by the fact that CoRoT-7b is relatively close to Earth -- about 500 light years away , in the constellation of Monoceros , the Unicorn . "  It 's in our solar neighborhood , " Hatzes said . "  The thing that made it easier is it 's relatively close , so it 's relatively bright . If this star was much much farther away , we would n't have been able to do these measurements . " At about five times Earth 's mass  though not quite twice as large in circumference  , it is the smallest planet ever spotted outside our solar system . It also has the fastest orbit . The planet whizzes around its star more than seven times faster than Earth moves , and is 23 times closer to the star than Mercury is to our sun . The planet was first detected early in 2008 by the CoRoT satellite , a 30-centimeter space telescope launched by the European Space Agency in December 2006 , specifically with the mission of detecting rocky planets outside the solar system . At least 42 scientists at 17 institutions on three continents worked on the project . They are publishing their findings in a special issue of the Astronomy and Astrophysics journal on October 22 as "  The CoRoT-7 Planetary System : Two Orbiting Super-Earths . "	The planet , known as CoRoT-7b , was detected early last year It took months to determine that it had a composition roughly similar to Earth 's The planet is about five times more massive than Earth Astronomer : It is so close to the star it orbits that it may "  look like Dante 's Inferno "
Three inmates who escaped from a rural Alabama jail over the weekend are now all back in custody , authorities said . Armed robbery suspect Justin Terrell Gordon was captured about 100 miles north of the Choctaw County jail on Saturday evening after breaking out along with cellmates Gemayel Culbert and Demarcus Woodward , according to Sheriff Tom Abate . Culbert , who was being held on capital murder charges , was captured Sunday in Sumter County , about 50 miles from the jail . Authorities found Woodward , 23 , who is accused of killing a work release inmate , early Monday in Tuscaloosa . The three were locked down together in a single cell around 2 a.m. Saturday when one started screaming , saying another of them was very sick , Abate said . The jailer looked through a porthole , saw someone vomiting , then opened the cell door . When he did , the inmates jumped the jailer , stole his keys and cellphone , and fled on foot , according to Abate . Local authorities using tracking dogs tracked the escaped inmates about a quarter of a mile down state Highway 17 in Butler , Alabama , where Abate said they were either picked up or had a vehicle waiting for them . Alabama 's State Bureau of Investigation , the U.S. Marshals Service in Mobile and local authorities all had roles in the manhunt . Abate said the jailer , who was choked , was treated and released at an area hospital Saturday morning . Choctaw County , with population of fewer than 14,000 , is on the western edge of Alabama , about 100 miles north of Mobile .	All the escapees were captured separately on Saturday , Sunday and Monday The inmates jumped a jailer , then fled on foot , the Choctaw County sheriff says They were apparently picked up or had a vehicle waiting on highway near the jail
ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- The hallowed grounds of Arlington National Cemetery took on a different tone Monday -- the usually quiet and reverent resting place of fallen heroes was buzzing with volunteers , professional landscapers and their equipment during the annual "  Renewal and Remembrance " project . Monday was the annual "  Renewal and Remembrance " day at Arlington National Cemetery . "  Renewal " was started more than 10 years ago by an Ohio lawn-care group that wanted to give a day of service to the cemetery outside Washington , according to Bill Hildebolt , spokesman for the Professional Landcare Network . "  It 's grown fantastically from a few lawn-care operators to today we had over 400 individual PLANET members , " he said Monday . Each year , volunteers take on several projects during the service day , including spreading lime over nearly 300 acres of the cemetery and installing irrigation systems , Hildebolt said . While the 95 companies participating Monday may normally compete for business in the lawn-care market , during Renewal the crews work together to honor the service members buried at Arlington . "  It 's just a day of remembrance , " said Jeff Dietrich of Pennsylvania-based Joshua Tree , who has been volunteering for four years . A crew of arborists from the Joshua Tree company took on one the most expensive projects -- protecting Arlington 's biggest trees from lightning . According to Dietrich , the process of lightning protection is important for protecting a valuable part of history . Watch how trees are protected " "  Lightning , electricity is unpredictable at best . ... It 'll blow a tree apart . " To protect a tree from lightning strikes , Dietrich and his crew climb up to the top of a tree and run copper wires down the trunk with anchors that resemble rifle cartridges . The wire is then grounded by a copper pole entrenched at the base of the tree . If lightning strikes , the electricity runs down the wire and dissipates into the ground instead of harming the tree . Even though it took the Joshua Tree crew longer to reach Arlington from Pennsylvania than the four hours needed to complete their work , the workers seemed eager for their chance to volunteer , cheering each other on while working and sharing some trade secrets with other crews . "  How many people can say they get to come down to Arlington , especially if they 're not from around here , and climb some of these trees ? " said Deitrich . For Hildebolt , providing a service for the national cemetery is a way to make a national contribution . "  It 's a privilege , " he said . "  It 's a very humbling experience that I 'm very proud of . "	Landscapers volunteer during annual "  Renewal and Remembrance " project 95 companies participated Monday at Arlington National Cemetery Volunteers take on several projects including irrigation , lightning protection
CNN  -- Soccer star John Terry 's role as captain of England 's national team is in jeopardy following tabloid accusations of his marital infidelity , according to a British government minister . Terry is alleged to have had an affair with the ex-partner of his former Chelsea teammate Wayne Bridge , having failed in a high court bid to prevent newspapers publishing details of his liaison with Vanessa Perroncel . The 29-year-old has two children with his wife Toni , whom he married in June 2007 , and was named "  2009 Dad of the Year " by a British sauce maker . He reportedly earns more than $ 200,000 a week . French actress and model Perroncel had a child with Terry 's fellow England defender Bridge in 2006 . The pair have since separated but Bridge , who is now at English club Manchester City , said on Saturday that he would not be commenting for the sake of their son . Sports Minister Gerry Sutcliffe said he would contact the English Football Association about the matter , the UK Press Association reported . "  On the field John Terry is a fantastic player and a good England captain , but to be the captain of England you have got to have wider responsibilities for the country , " Sutcliffe said . "  And clearly if these allegations are proven -- and at the moment they are only allegations -- then it does call into question his role as England captain . "  I speak to the FA on a regular basis , so I will be asking what their viewpoint is and we will see what comes of it . " Perroncel has enlisted the services of noted celebrity publicist Max Clifford , PA reported , and he said she told him that some of the allegations were true . "  She has never spoken to a single journalist and she 's all over all the papers with all kinds of allegations , some of which she said were true and some of which she said are n't true , " Clifford told the GMTV television program . "  All I 'm prepared to say is that she 's known John a long time , and obviously I think during that time they 've become very close friends , but anything more than that , I would n't want to say at this particular stage . It 's really for her to decide what she wants to do . " While Terry 's alleged infidelity may not have the global impact as that of golf superstar Tiger Woods , it could cause big problems for England ahead of June 's World Cup finals in South Africa . Bridge , who is sidelined with injury , is not guaranteed to be part of the squad but has represented his country 36 times and is the regular back-up at left-back for Chelsea 's Ashley Cole . England coach Fabio Capello is out of the UK following a knee operation , but is expected to make a decision on Terry 's future before the friendly international against African Nations Cup winners Egypt on March 3 , PA reported . The FA has released a statement saying that Capello , known to be a strict disciplinarian , "  alone will make the decision about John Terry 's position . " "  Fabio is fully up to speed with developments regarding John Terry . He spoke with our chairman Lord Triesman and chief executive Ian Watmore today , who both backed him to make the best decision for England on footballing grounds , " the FA said on its Web site on Monday evening . "  Fabio is dealing with the matter in his own way using his extensive experience as a football manager . " Terry was first named captain of England after the 2006 World Cup when Steve McClaren took over as manager from Sven Goran Eriksson , and retained the armband when Capello was appointed in 2008 . It is not the first time that Terry has been the subject of controversy . Last year he was accused by a tabloid paper of accepting money to show fans around Chelsea 's training ground , and in 2002 he was cleared by a court after being charged with assault and affray following an incident with a nightclub bouncer .	John Terry 's role as England soccer captain in jeopardy due to his alleged marital infidelity UK government minister says Terry may be stripped of role if tabloid claims are true Terry failed in court injunction to stop reporting of affair with teammate 's ex-partner The 29-year-old has two children with his wife and won a parenting award in 2009
CNN  -- An Illinois man was arrested in connection with the discovery of two hidden cameras found in a gym 's tanning salon . The cameras were found in two separate tanning rooms at Planet Fitness in Moline and reported to police on November 5th and 6th , Sgt. Sgt Kevin Cox told CNN . A police investigation led to the Friday arrest of 27-year-old Trent Hamer on charges of unauthorized videotaping . Hamer was released on $ 2,500 bond the following day , Cox said . Hamer was a member of the gym , not an employee , Planet Fitness spokeswoman McCall Gosselin said in an email . "  His membership has been terminated , " she said . "  At Planet Fitness , the safety and privacy of our members is extremely important to us . As such , the franchise owner is working very closely with the local authorities on this matter , and we appreciate their swift action in this case . " .	Hidden cameras found in two tanning rooms in Illinois gym Member of gym arrested on charges of unauthorized videotaping "  His membership has been terminated , " gym spokeswoman says
CNN  -- Theological conservatives estranged from the Episcopal Church in the United States and the Anglican Church in Canada formed a rival North American "  province " Wednesday . The consecration of Rev. Gene Robinson as bishop of New Hampshire left many conservatives disaffected . Leaders of the new Anglican Church in North America unveiled a draft constitution and a set of canons for the province -- or ecclesiastical territorial division -- at an evening service at the Wheaton Evangelical Free Church in Wheaton , Illinois , the group said in a written statement . "  Some of us have been praying for this for decades , " said Michael W. Howell , who attended the service , according to the statement . "  Instead of focusing on things that divide us , we as orthodox Anglicans are focusing on the things that unite us . " "  The public release of our draft constitution is an important concrete step toward the goal of a biblical , missionary and united Anglican Church in North America , " Bishop Robert Duncan of the Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , diocese said in a statement released Wednesday ahead of the service . The move comes after years of debate over several issues , ranging from interpretation of the Bible to homosexuality . Tensions reached a boiling point in 2003 , when the Episcopal Church consecrated an openly gay man , Rev. Gene Robinson , as bishop of New Hampshire . The decision rankled traditionalists , and since then , four dioceses and several parishes have left the Episcopalian Church , including the diocese in Pittsburgh . The others are in Quincy , Illinois ; Fort Worth , Texas ; and San Joaquin , California . Not all parishes in those dioceses have left the Episcopalian Church . In all , the Anglican Church in North America will take in about 100,000 members , including those from the secessionist dioceses and parishes , said Robert Lundy , a spokesman for the group . "  This constitution brings them back together under one church , all aligned together , " Lundy said . "  This is all these folks coming back together . " The preamble to the provisional constitution says the leaders are "  grieved by the current state of brokenness within the Anglican Communion prompted by those who have embraced erroneous teaching and who have rejected a repeated call to repentance , " the group said . Lundy said Wednesday the draft constitution states the province 's core beliefs and doctrine . He said it will not lay out definite policies for issues the leaders disagree on , such as ordaining women . He said it is "  safe to say " Duncan will lead the nascent province . An assembly is likely to be called next year to determine additional leadership , he said . A spokesman for the archbishop of Canterbury issued a statement noting the lengthy process of creating a province , adding that in the case of Wednesday 's service , the process has not yet begun . "  There are clear guidelines set out in the Anglican Consultative Council Reports ... detailing the steps necessary for the amendments of existing provincial constitutions and the creation of new provinces , " said James M. Rosenthal , canon to Archbishop Rowan Williams . "  Once begun , any of these processes will take years to complete . In relation to the recent announcement from the meeting ... the process has not yet begun . " The Rev. Dr. Charles K. Robertson , canon to the presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church , Katharine Jefferts Schori , issued a statement Wednesday ahead of the meeting , saying the church would not hazard a guess as to the consequences of the breakaway group 's action . "  We will not predict what will or will not come out of this meeting , but simply continue to be clear that the Episcopal Church , along with the Anglican Church of Canada and the La Iglesia Anglicana de Mexico , comprise the official , recognized presence of the Anglican Communion in North America . " He added , "  We reiterate what has been true of Anglicanism for centuries : that there is room within the Episcopal Church for people with different views , and we regret that some have felt the need to depart from the diversity of our common life in Christ . " The Episcopal Church is part of the Anglican Communion , which is composed of 38 provinces around the world . It was not immediately clear which of the other provinces would recognize the Anglican Church in North America , but Lundy said a meeting last year in Jerusalem indicated that some would do so .	"  Orthodox Anglicans are focusing on the things that unite us , " man says Move comes after years of dispute over progressive direction of Episcopal Church Tipping point for many was consecration of gay man as bishop of New Hampshire New division expected to take in 100,000 from parishes that left Episcopal Church
Former Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius called comments from Jonathan Gruber on the "  stupidity of the American voter " regarding passage of the President 's signature health care law "  totally offensive " and said she never worked with Gruber "  personally " though he worked "  with a number of our agencies . " Sebelius made her comments Monday after appearing on CNN , saying that the MIT economist was not an "  architect " of Obamacare , as some have suggested , but agreed that he could be considered one by osmosis given his role in drafting the Massachusetts health care law that she said served as a "  template " for Obamacare . But Gruber 's comments that the Obama administration misled voters could n't be further from the truth , she said . "  You could n't have debated this more . It could n't have been more open , " Sebelius said , echoing comments President Barack Obama made after videos of Gruber surfaced online this month . Aside from an appearance at the Aspen Ideas Festival this summer , Sebelius has largely steered clear of the public glare until she appeared on CNN Monday morning to promote health care enrollment period for 2015 . Sebelius resigns Sebelius also said that her successor Secretary Sylvia Burwell is "  very eager " for Sebelius to help publicize the second open enrollment period to sign up for health coverage that started this month . "  She 's very eager for me to do whatever it is that I can to help spread the word , " Sebelius said of Burwell . "  This is always an all-hands-on-deck moment to get the word out that open enrollment is underway . " Sebelius said she speaks with "  folks " in the White House on a regular basis and spoke with Burwell as recently as this weekend . She also said , "  other than politics , " she "  has no idea " why the House GOP is suing Obama over changes to the law 's implementation , but said she tries to avoid speculating on legal issues . Sebelius added she is very aware that she has become the face of the health care law and the botched rollout of the health care enrollment website . "  There 's no question that we had a very rocky rollout to the website and a miserable eight weeks that is seared in my brain as well as everybody else 's , " she said . Sebelius acknowledged that she and her team "  clearly ... did n't focus enough " on the tech side of the rollout because she was more concerned about ensuring that enough Americans signed up and enough insurers jumped into the new health marketplace . But Sebelius also touted the successes of the law , pointing to close to 8 million users who successfully used the website and the 1 million signups by January 1 , 2014 . About 6.7 million people have now signed up for health coverage under the law since the 2013 rollout . Sebelius added that Obamacare has been "  branded badly " and while many voters still balk when they hear "  Obamacare , " polls suggest that voters agree with the health care law 's components . She said the term Obamacare "  has become very , very negative , " but said individuals approve of the law 's policies to allow young people to say on their parents ' plan until they turn 26 and approve of policies preventing insurers from denying coverage due to preexisting conditions . "  I 'm not sure that we need to get people to love the act , they just need to understand what it 's about , " she said . "  If they like the pieces of it , that 's fine . " Sebelius had ` toughest job in Washington '	Sebelius said her successor is "  eager " for her to help with the open enrollment push The former Health and Human Service secretary called Jonathan Gruber 's comments "  totally offensive " She said she did n't "  focus enough " on the tech side of the Obamacare rollout And while Obamcare has been "  branded badly , " she said Americans like the policies that are part of the law
CNN  -- It 's like sexting , but with benefits . New Mexico teens have an alternative to their parents when it comes to sexual health questions . And it comes in a form they 're familiar with : text messaging . Appropriately named "  BrdsNBz , the service launched this month allows teens to text sexual health questions to a hotline . Within 24 hours , a health expert will text back a private , nonjudgmental response . "  Talking about the birds and the bees -- sexual health -- is almost always awkward for parents , teens and sometimes both of us , " state health officials say . The service , available in Spanish and English , targets teens between ages 13 and 19 . Is there a different standard for girls online ? New Mexico is among the top three nationally in teen birth rates , said Valerie Fisher with the state health department . "  I have an 11-year-old . I try to explain things to him , and he 's like , ` Mommmm , stop ! ' so I understand , " Fisher said . "  This is a great tool . It educates teens , they learn some things maybe they did n't know and it even helps them ask their parents better questions . " Although teenage pregnancy rates in the U.S. are at historic lows , they are substantially higher than other Western countries . "  Teen birth rates fell at least 15 % for all but two states during 2007 -- 2011 $ " the most recent period of sustained decline , " the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says . The pregnancy rate for girls ages 15-19 dropped to 31.3 per 1,000 in 2011 , a record low for the United States . But experts say the drop does not mean the issue is no longer a priority . Other states offer similar services for teens . North Carolina launched a BrdsNBz program in 2009 . California has its own service , HookUp 365247 , which is loosely based on the same concept . It provides teens who text the number with weekly sexual health tips and the nearest reproductive health clinics . In New Mexico , parents can text their questions as well . Messaging app aims to be safer Snapchat	The service is available in Spanish and English It lets New Mexico teens text sexual health questions anytime Within 24 hours , a response comes in the form of a text Teen birth rates in the U.S. are at historic lows , but are higher than other Western countries
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The conviction of a terrorist doctor in the UK exposes how any section of society can become radicalized , a top police officer said Tuesday . Bilal Abdulla is shown being arrested after the attack at Glasgow Airport . Bilal Abdulla was well-educated and working as a doctor when he carried out his plot to plant car bombs in London -- rather than unemployed or with feelings of being outside or abandoned by society as has been seen before in the UK . Born in southern England , his family moved to Iraq when he was a child . He grew up in the capital during Saddam Hussein 's rule and went to the University of Baghdad before returning to Britain to attend Cambridge University . The Cambridge-educated graduate became a doctor working in the National Health Service where the maxim is to treat anyone regardless of the ability to pay . Deputy Assistant Commissioner John McDowall , who heads the Counter Terrorism Command , said Abdulla and Kafeel Ahmed -- who died from burn injuries after he crashed a jeep into Glasgow International Airport , Scotland -- reveal a new type of terrorist . He told the UK 's Press Association : "  These individuals were not on our radar and that in itself is very interesting . When you look at the profile of these individuals they are very different from the terrorists we have dealt with in this country before - being professional people . McDowell added they were probably inspired by al Qaeda in Iraq but developed their plan in Britain without help from abroad . "  I think this was a group that was largely self-motivated , came up with the ideas themselves , tutored themselves through the Internet . I do n't think they received significant training elsewhere , which is unusual from what we have had in the past , " he told PA. . Abdulla 's motive , prosecutors said , was revenge for the bloodshed in Iraq . Prosecutor Jonathan Laidlaw said : ` There is no longer a conventional approach to terrorism . There are no rules to be broken any more , nothing can be taken for granted . " Abdulla was found guilty Tuesday of conspiracy to murder and conspiring to cause explosions . He will be sentenced to Woolwich Crown Court , London , on Wednesday . The jury rejected his defense that he had planned only to set fire to cars in central London as a way of highlighting the plight of Iraqis .	Dr. Bilal Abdulla 's professional life is different to radicals seen before in UK Anti terror officer tells PA Abdulla was a self-taught , self-starter Abdulla planned car bomb attacks in June 2007 on targets in Glasgow and London He was found guilty of conspiracy to murder in June 2007
CNN  -- A key investor with convicted swindler Bernie Madoff drowned in his swimming pool Sunday afternoon , police said . Jeffry Picower , 67 , was found unconscious in his pool at his Palm Beach , Florida , home , Palm Beach police said . He was pronounced dead at a hospital . Police said they are investigating his death using "  standard operating procedure in any drowning . " Picower invested with Madoff , who was convicted of operating a Ponzi scheme and defrauding thousands of investors . Madoff pleaded guilty in March to 11 counts , including fraud , money laundering and perjury , and was sentenced to 150 years in prison . Prosecutors have said it was the largest investor fraud ever committed by a single person , totaling billions in losses to investors . Picower 's Picower Foundation of Palm Beach announced it was shutting down early this year because of Madoff losses , CNN Money reported . Picower 's 2007 tax return valued its portfolio at $ 955 million . But there were also suggestions that Picower benefited from Madoff 's swindle . Citing an unnamed source , Fortune magazine said in April that Frank DiPascali , the chief lieutenant in Madoff 's secretive investment business , was "  prepared to testify that he manipulated phony returns on behalf of some key Madoff investors , " including Picower . Picower also allegedly "  extracted billions of dollars from Madoff 's fund before it collapsed , " according to Forbes magazine .	Jeffry Picower , 67 , found unconscious in his pool in his Palm Beach , Florida Picower invested with Madoff , who was convicted in Ponzi scheme His foundation announced it was shutting down early this year because of Madoff losses
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Two-year-old Tangena Hussain vanished three months ago in the Detroit suburb of Hamtramck , Michigan , and police say the trail has gone cold . Tangena Hussain , 2 , has been missing since October 2 and police in Michigan are asking for the public 's help . Tangena 's mother called police on the evening of October 2 , 2008 , to report her daughter missing after frantically searching the area where she was last seen . The child 's mother , Nilufa Begum , told police she had left the girl in the care of her boyfriend , Jamrul Hussain . Although Tangena and Hussain have the same last name , he is not her father . Begum told investigators her daughter was with Hussain all day while she worked at the Northland Mall . Hussain said he stopped at a gas station with Tangena while on the way to the mall to pick up Begum . They stopped at about 9 p.m. to buy gum and juice , he said . Hussain told police he left Tangena in the car for only a few moments and when he returned , the little girl was gone . He did not call police and did not conduct a search , but instead drove to the mall and picked up Begum , investigators said . When she saw Tangena was not with Hussain , Begum asked him where she was . His response was cryptic , she told police . He said he would take her to the place where her daughter was . Begum became alarmed as Hussain drove to a gas station where , he said , Tangena disappeared . They searched for Tangena together , while Begum called the police to report her daughter missing . A surveillance camera shows the boyfriend , Hussain , going into the gas station 's store , police said . On the video , he makes some purchases and leaves within a few minutes . But there is no video of the area where Hussain parked his car , nor any video that could show whether the little girl had been there or how she might have disappeared . Police have not named a person of interest in the toddler 's disappearance . When the media picked up the story , a teenager came forward , saying she recognized Hussain as the man who allegedly attacked her . During the investigation , police discovered that the young accuser , then 15 , had been Hussain 's prior girlfriend . Hussain , 24 , was arrested and charged with two counts of having sex with a minor . He is free on bail while awaiting trial . "  My client is innocent of the charges . He did not have sex with a minor child , " said Hussain 's lawyer , Shawn Patrick Smith . Tangena 's parents said they just want answers . Her father , Mohammad Ahmed , lives in New York and added $ 5,000 to an existing Crimestopper 's reward of $ 1,000 . "  We are praying that someone knows something that can help us find my daughter , " Ahmed said . "  How can a child disappear without someone seeing something ? Something does n't fit about -LSB- Hussain 's -RSB- story . " When questioned , Begun told police only she and Hussain saw Tangena in the week leading up to her October 2 disappearance . A Michigan Amber Alert was issued for Tangena at 5 a.m. the morning after she disappeared . But in the months since , police have hit a dead end . Police and family members are turning to the public for help . If anyone has seen Tangena Hussain or has any information regarding her whereabouts , please call the Detroit Police Department at 313-596-1240 . Tangena is 3 ' 2 " tall , weighs 34 lbs , has black short hair , brown eyes , and is of East Indian descent . She was last seen wearing white cargo pants , brown long-sleeved T-shirt with a cartoon picture on the front and gold sandals . The reward for information leading to the whereabouts of Tangena Hussain is $ 6,000 .	Tangena Hussain last seen on October 2 Mother left child , age 2 , in care of boyfriend Mom 's boyfriend says child disappeared from car at gas station A $ 6,000 reward is offered . Call Detroit police at 313-596-1240
This worn-down , one stoplight town found redemption Friday night in a Baptist church named Victory . Cheers broke out in the pews as two Florida lawmakers abandoned their quest to strip Hampton of its cityhood . The battle for the 89-year-old city 's survival began in February with the release of a scathing audit that read like a textbook of municipal malfeasance -- finding 31 violations of local , state and federal codes , along with allegations of nepotism , double-dipping and personal use of city property . Surviving was a sweet win for this city of just 477 residents -- 476 if you do n't count the former mayor , who 's sitting up the road in jail on a drug charge . Already a notorious speed trap , the place gained even more infamy as a symbol of small-town corruption when the legislators threatened last month to yank its city charter . Late-night comedians mocked Hampton as "  too Florida , even for Florida . " But even as Conan and the rest of world cackled , even as investigators carted boxes of documents out of Hampton City Hall , even as some residents pointed fingers , others rolled up their sleeves and started to turn their city around . In just four short weeks , they came up with a plan that convinced state Rep. Charles Van Zant and Sen. Rob Bradley to spare their city . They won an uphill fight nobody thought they could win . "  Thank you for the work that has been done , " Bradley told the crowd of 50 gathered Friday at Victory Baptist Church . "  You 've got a lot more to do , but boy . ... " He clearly was impressed , and so was Van Zant , who said , "  You 've done yeoman 's work . I think you 've done well . " The trouble began innocently enough , said John Cooper , Hampton 's newly appointed city attorney . A Texaco station out on nearby U.S. 301 asked for police protection after a few bad traffic accidents and a couple of homicides . And so , Hampton agreed to annex a 1,200-foot stretch of highway . Only later did someone come up with the idea that there was plenty of easy money to be made from catching speeders and writing tickets , just like neighboring cities Waldo and Lawtey were doing . The scandal that set tongues wagging The way the city map was redrawn , it looked like a giant mosquito , with Hampton sucking money directly from the highway . Problem was , the police department constantly overspent its budget , and all that ticket revenue never seemed to benefit anybody outside of City Hall . The police department swelled to 19 officers , including the chief . But Bradford County Sheriff Gordon Smith said many of the officers were n't trained properly , and the audit found that some of them drove uninsured vehicles . One officer , nicknamed "  Rambo , " dressed in tactical gear and strapped an assault rifle across his chest -- just to write tickets . 2011 was Hampton 's bumper year for tickets -- and it was the year Van Zant was caught by Hampton 's radar guns . The lawmaker promptly paid his ticket , but the experience reminded him of the growing stack of citizen complaints . In April 2013 , Van Zant asked the state auditor general to look into the city 's finances . Mayor Barry Layne Moore was sitting in the Bradford County jail in February when the audit was formally released . He and other city officials suspected it would be bad . But nobody had any idea how bad . Read the audit  PDF How bad was it ? So bad that legislators Bradley and Van Zant immediately called for Hampton 's demise . In addition to the code violations , the audit found plenty of other eye-popping irregularities -- a $ 132,000 credit account at the local BP station , for example , and $ 27,000 in credit card charges for items that "  served no public purpose . " Van Zant accused Hampton of "  abusing the public , " while Bradley wondered , "  Why is this even a city ? " When they met with Hampton 's citizens last month , the two men were taken aback by the passion of residents ' pleas to spare their city . Some said yanking the charter would be like victimizing them twice . The lawmakers listened , and threw down a challenge : If the city did n't clean up its act soon , they vowed to move forward with a bill to dissolve the city 's charter -- an extreme measure , for sure . It would be the first time anyone could remember the Florida Legislature taking away a municipality 's right to govern itself . The legislators never expected Hampton would meet the challenge . But Hampton surprised them . Four people -- call them The Replacements -- led the city 's charge . Myrtice McCullough became the acting mayor after Moore was arrested on a charge of selling a single 30-milligram oxycodone pill to an undercover informant . Moore had n't been part of the problem ; he came into office as a reformer . But he did n't have time to be part of the solution , getting arrested less than two months after taking office . His replacement pleaded with the legislators to give Hampton another chance and last month handed up a petition with 119 signatures . She softened their outrage by asking for their help . The Rev. Dan Williams was appointed to the City Council when Charles Norris Hall resigned in the midst of the scandal . Williams ' family has lived in Hampton since the 1920s , and his talents include inspiring oratory and organizing armies of multiskilled volunteers . Amy Davis stepped in as city clerk ; she knows Hampton , having worked as the clerk once before . Davis understands how to use accounting software and knows how to apply for grants and follow money trails . Already , she has discovered that Hampton is only $ 6,425 in the red this year -- a shortfall that can easily be corrected . Cooper took over as the city attorney . Not only does he know municipal law and how to connect the dots , he 's working for the city free of charge . The lawmakers were swayed by the progress Hampton has made under the new leadership . In just four weeks , Hampton :  Accepted the resignation of every elected official who was in office when the scandal broke and called for a special election in September to seat new ones ;  Agreed to get rid of its police force ;  Accounted for the $ 132,000 spent at the BP station across from City Hall ;  Accounted for the $ 27,000 credit card balance ;  Started tracking the city 's water meters ;  Drafted an ordinance de-annexing the section of U.S. 301 where the speed trap operated ;  And began holding City Council meetings at regular hours and opening them to the public . "  What you 've seen here in the past month is the rebirth of your town , " Van Zant told the residents as Friday 's meeting came to a close . "  I want to encourage everybody who has never served on the City Council to run for office . ... We want some new blood . We want to see a new genesis in Hampton . Make this thing work for you . " The lawmakers say they will return to Hampton once more to follow up on the city 's progress . The next visit is planned for a Friday night in September , after the new council is elected . This time , there are plans for a good , old-fashioned Southern barbecue .	Florida lawmakers decide to spare city caught in corruption scandal Hampton , population 477 , faced losing ability to govern itself Audit found mismanagement , nepotism , other irregularities City officials resigned , set elections and vowed other reforms
CNN  -- In the second such incident in three days , fighter jets escorted a diverted commercial flight on Friday after an unruly passenger caused alarm onboard . The military sent up two F-16s in response to reports of an unruly passenger aboard AirTran Flight 39 , the North American Aerospace Defense Command said in a statement . The passenger had become belligerent and refused to leave the restroom , airline spokesman Tad Hutcheson told CNN on Friday . The passenger appeared to be intoxicated , he said . The flight , bound for San Francisco , California , left Atlanta , Georgia , at 9:48 a.m. ET , according to AirTran 's Web site . NORAD dispatched the fighters at 1:44 p.m. ET , escorting the aircraft to a safe emergency landing in Colorado Springs , Colorado , officials said . The passenger was detained there and FBI agents from Denver , Colorado , were called to question passengers , Hutcheson said . The other passengers were scheduled to continue their trip at 4:30 p.m. ET , he said . On Wednesday , NORAD escorted a Hawaii-bound plane back to its origination city of Portland , Oregon , after a passenger gave a flight attendant a note that was interpreted as being threatening , the federal complaint and supporting affidavit said Friday . The passenger , Joseph Hedlund Johnson , 56 , told the FBI he had n't intended to scare anyone with the note , which began , "  I thought I was going to die , " and referenced the television show "  Gilligan 's Island . "	NORAD : Two F-16s dispatched Friday on reports of unruly passenger aboard AirTran flight Passenger was belligerent , would n't leave bathroom , airline spokesman says Atlanta-to-San Francisco flight was diverted to Colorado Springs , Colorado Fighters escorted jet bound for Hawaii back to Oregon on Wednesday in similar scenario
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least six security personnel were killed and eight members of Sri Lanka 's cricket team hurt -- including two with gunshot wounds -- in an attack Tuesday on the team 's bus by gunmen in Lahore , Pakistan . A video grab shows a suspected gunman near Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore , Pakistan , Tuesday . The Sri Lankan players were traveling to the city 's Gaddafi Stadium for the third day of the second test match against Pakistan at around 9 a.m. local time  11 p.m. ET  when the attack occurred . Video footage showed several gunmen with automatic weapons opening firing on the convoy from a roundabout , Liberty Square , close to the stadium . Police said at least 12 gunmen were involved . Pakistani Information Minister Sherry Rahman told CNN the attackers were still at large . Witnesses described the scene as "  pandemonium . " Images showed police vehicles with their windscreens punctured by bullets and their front seats stained with blood . A body lies in the road in front of one bullet-shattered van . "  I heard two loud explosions outside the stadium and a lot of AK-47 fire , " said Hamish Roberts , a cameraman who was inside the stadium at the time . See a map of where the attack took place " The driver of the bus said a police car and two security vans at the front of the convoy had borne the brunt of the attack . Watch footage of the gunmen staging their attack " Up to eight players , one coach and 10 security staff were reported hurt , with two players suffering bullet wounds . Tharanga Paranavitana , 26 , was hit in the chest while Thilan Samaraweera , 32 , suffered a leg injury , according to Chamra Ranaveera , a Sri Lankan embassy attache . Both men are in a stable condition . Six more players -- team captain Sangakkara , Chaminda Vaas , Ajantha Mendis , Suranga Lakmal , Thilan Thushara and Mahela Jayawardene -- and assistant coach Paul Fabrece were hurt by glass shrapnel . Read profiles of the wounded players " "  This is a very well-planned attack , " security official Nadeem Sayed told CNN . "  The team is very much scared . " Cricket manager Charlie Austin , who represents six of the Sri Lankan squad , said none of the players ' injuries were life-threatening . "  The guys are shocked . They are recovering at the moment , " Austin told CNN . "  Thankfully they 've only suffered minor injuries . They 're keen to leave Pakistan and get back to their families as soon as possible . " Watch Austin describe the mood of the Sri Lankan players after the attack " Sri Lankan Foreign Minister Rohitha Bogollagama said the squad would be flown home to Colombo later Tuesday . Bogollagama is traveling to Pakistan for talks with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani . No group has claimed responsibility for the attack , but Sri Lankan officials have ruled out Tamil separatists , who have been waging a bloody civil war on the Southeast Asian island . Witnesses who saw the attack praised the response of security officials . "  The guards were brilliant . They were n't panicking . They were very calm , " sports producer Gavin Scovell said . "  It must have been a terrifying experience , but they handled it well . " "  Our policemen rose to the occasion and laid down their lives to protect our Sri Lankan guests , " said Pakistan 's President Zardari . Pakistan , which is battling Islamist and Taliban insurgents in its North West Frontier Province , has struggled to attract visiting cricket teams in recent years because of security concerns . Watch how attack strikes at legitimacy of Pakistani government " The current test series with Sri Lanka is the Pakistani team 's first since touring India in 2007 . In 2002 a car bomb exploded outside a hotel where the New Zealand cricket team was staying . Last year Australia canceled a proposed tour in the wake of a series of suicide bombings . The International Cricket Council was also forced to postpone the high-profile ICC Champions Trophy after five of the eight participants pulled out . Pakistan is due to co-host the Cricket World Cup in 2011 with India , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka , although the extent of its involvement in that tournament now appears to be under scrutiny . John Stern , the editor of cricket magazine Wisden , said it was "  not possible " to imagine international cricket taking place in Pakistan in the near future and described the outlook for the sport in the country as "  desperate . " "  Pakistan has been struggling for a while . They had n't played a test match in the entirety of 2008 , " Stern told CNN . "  I do hope the cricket world will rally around Pakistan to find a way for the team to play outside of the country . " He said one possibility was for the team to play its matches in the UK , which has a large Pakistani community . Former Pakistani Waqar Younis bowler said : "  I do n't see the International Cricket Council now allowing the World Cup matches in Pakistan . It 's gone . " "  This has really damaged Pakistan , " former Pakistani cricket player Zahir Abbas told Geo-TV . "  Already some teams did n't want to come to Pakistan . Now who will come after this incident ? " In a statement , ICC Chief Executive Haroon Lorgat said the attack was "  very upsetting for the wider cricket family . " "  We note with dismay and regret the events of this morning in Lahore and we condemn this attack without reservation , " Lorgat said . "  I have confirmed with both member boards that the remainder of the tour has been canceled and we are working hard to get our match officials out of the area as safely and as quickly as possible . " Sri Lanka agreed in December to visit Pakistan after India called off a tour following November 's terror attacks in Mumbai . Indian authorities blamed the attacks on Pakistan-based militants . Pakistan 's Cricket Board had hoped Sri Lanka 's tour would help it recoup some of more than $ 16 million it was set to lose as a result of India 's cancelation . The Sri Lankan offer to tour was a reciprocal gesture . Pakistan was one of two countries that agreed to play in Sri Lanka during the 1996 World Cup tournament after other countries refused to travel there because of security concerns over the country 's civil war with Tamil separatists .	6 security staff dead , several Sri Lankan cricketers hurt in attack in Lahore Team bus was attacked by up to 12 gunmen en route to stadium , police say Gunmen still at large ; no group has claimed responsibility for attack Batsmen Paranavitana , Samaraweera suffered gunshot wounds , Sri Lanka says
Rome  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI 's former butler declared himself innocent Tuesday of a charge of aggravated theft in connection with leaked documents -- but said he had abused the pope 's trust . Paolo Gabriele has previously admitted taking hundreds of secret papers from the pope 's personal apartment and passing them to an Italian journalist . Opinion : Scandals block Vatican 's message Gabriele asserted his innocence Tuesday when he was asked by his lawyer about the theft charge , according to a pool of selected journalists allowed into the courtroom . The Vatican penal system does not require a formal plea . But , he said : "  I feel guilty of having betrayed the trust that the Holy Father gave me . " The former butler added that he felt he was "  the closest layman to the pope . " Corruption claims resulting from the publication of a book based on the leaked materials rocked the Catholic Church hierarchy and could even affect who becomes the next pope . Testifying Tuesday , Gabriele told the presiding judge , Giuseppe Dalla Torre , that he had received no money in exchange for the papers , according to the journalist pool . The accused said he did not believe he was the only person to give "  news " to the press over the years , but also said that he had "  no accomplices . " Read more : Vatican newspaper calls fragment referring to Jesus ' wife ' a fake ' Computer technician Claudio Sciarpelletti , who worked in the Vatican 's secretariat of state , is accused of complicity in the crime . The court will try him separately , once the former butler 's trial is finished . If convicted of aggravated theft , Gabriele could face up to eight years in an Italian prison , although it is possible the pontiff could choose to pardon him . Sciarpelletti would face a shorter prison term of only a few months if found guilty . Questioned by Dalla Torre about how and why he had collected the documents , Gabriele said he had started photocopying them in 2010 . He said his "  intention was to find a person he could fully trust to whom to vent ... . about the disconcerting atmosphere in the Vatican , felt not only by me . This feeling of bewilderment was widely felt in the Vatican . " Gabriele said he had made the photocopies during regular working hours and in front of other people who worked in the same office . He told the court that he used his "  instincts " in choosing what to photocopy . He said he had received no money or any other benefit from the person to whom he gave the documents , adding that this "  was the essential condition of our agreement . " Gabriele also said that "  the book was certainly not something he wanted . " A prosecutor in the case said in a report last month that Gabriele had acted out of a desire to combat "  evil and corruption everywhere in the Church . " "  I was certain that a shock ... would have been healthy to bring the church back onto the right track , " Gabriele is quoted as saying by the prosecutor , Nicola Piccardi . Asked Tuesday about a gold nugget belonging to the pope that was found by police who searched his apartment , Gabriele told the court he had n't known it was there . The officers who carried out the search said the nugget was 3-4 centimeters  just over an inch  long and had been discovered in a shoebox , along with a signed check made out to the pontiff . The court heard Saturday that 82 boxes of evidence were removed from Gabriele 's apartments in Vatican City and Castel Gondolfo , a small town near Rome . Also Tuesday , the pope 's personal secretary , Monsignor George Gaenswein , testified that he never "  had any reason to doubt " Gabriele . More witnesses will be heard in the case Wednesday . Recalling his initial detention in May , Gabriele told the court that when he was first arrested he was put in a cell so small he could n't open his arms out to their full extent . He was later moved to another , larger cell , Gabriele said . However , in this cell , where he was held for 15 to 20 days , the light was kept on 24 hours a day with no means for him to turn it off , he said . Gabriele said his eyesight had been damaged as a result . The Vatican prosecutor 's office has opened an investigation into his claims of poor treatment in detention . But Jesuit Father Federico Lombardi , head of the Holy See media office , told reporters in a briefing after the court session that the cells used by the Vatican meet international standards . Lombardi also suggested that the allegations by Gabriele 's defense lawyer that his client had been inhumanely treated seem questionable , since they were only coming out now . A statement from the Vatican Police said the force had been in the process of upgrading its long-term cells when Gabriele was arrested . The work was accelerated and he was moved to a more comfortable cell after 20 days , the statement said . The Vatican cells meet the standards present in other countries for similar situations , the statement said . It added that Gabriele had asked for the light to be left on to keep him company at night , and that he had been provided with eye masks . Gabriele was given access to medical staff and a spiritual adviser , as well as being allowed to attend mass with his family , the statement added . Read more : CNN Belief Blog Gabriele , wearing the same gray suit he had on for Saturday 's initial hearing , appeared more relaxed Tuesday , smiling , closing his eyes briefly and intermittently chewing either gum or candy , according to the journalist pool . In the previous hearing Gabriele had appeared pale as he sat largely expressionless in the courtroom . Both sessions were held under closely controlled conditions , with only a handful of approved reporters allowed to attend . They were required to brief other journalists . On Saturday , the admitted journalists were made to hand over their own pens in exchange for Vatican-issue ones in case any contained concealed recording devices . Gabriele 's family did not attend either session . The former butler 's lawyer , Christiana Arru , filed objections concerning the admissibility of evidence Saturday , including the results of a psychological exam conducted without the presence of his lawyer and footage gathered via a hidden camera , some of which the court accepted . CNN Belief Blog : Pope 's butler leaked papers to shock ` corrupt ' Church , prosecutor says Gabriele 's case is thought to be the most significant ever heard in the Vatican City courthouse , which has handled mostly petty theft cases in the past . A Vatican legal expert , Cardinal Velasio De Paolis , said in an interview published Sunday in Italian newspaper La Repubblica that popes in the past have typically granted pardons in the face of sincere confessions and repentance . The Vatican City State penal code for proceedings involving its citizens is based on the Italian penal code of the second half of the 19th century . Dalla Torre will lead the debate in the courthouse , located behind St. Peter 's Basilica , and question the defendant directly . Prison terms handed down by the court are served in the Italian prison system , under an agreement between the Vatican City State and Italy . Gabriele was arrested in May , following a top-level Vatican investigation into how the pope 's private documents appeared in the best-selling book "  Sua Santita "  "  His Holiness "  , by Italian journalist Gianluigi Nuzzi . The Vatican called the publication of his book "  criminal " when it was released in Italian .	NEW : Vatican Police rejects Gabriele 's claim that he was poorly treated in detention NEW : Gabriele says he copied documents because of troubling Vatican atmosphere The former butler says he is innocent of theft but has betrayed the pope 's trust Leaked documents were cited in a book alleging corruption in the church hierarchy
CNN  -- The first wave of India 's 814 million eligible voters cast their ballots in the remote northeastern states of Assam and Tripura Monday , as the largest election in world history got underway . Any time the world 's most populous democracy goes to the polls , it 's a momentous undertaking . But with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh stepping aside after a decade in charge , analysts say voting will take on an even greater significance this time around , with the country potentially poised on the cusp of a new political era . Amid widespread public concern over corruption , rising inflation and slowing economic growth , voters face a choice between the young scion of India 's most powerful political dynasty , and a populist , business-minded Hindu nationalist who is described as at once India 's most popular and most divisive politician . "  This election is a battle of ideologies , it 's a battle for  the  kind of India we want , " declared 43-year-old Congress Party candidate Rahul Gandhi -- whose great-grandfather , grandmother and father have all served as prime minister -- in a recent speech . The outcome of the election , which will be held in stages over five weeks -- employing 11 million polling and security personnel and absorbing an estimated $ 5 billion in campaigning costs -- may have stark ramifications for India 's identity at home and abroad . By the Numbers : The world 's biggest exercise in democracy Modi rides high After a decade of coalition government led by the secular , center-left Congress Party  INC  , which has ruled for most of the post-independence era , support is soaring for India 's other major political party . Polling suggests a strong swing to the center-right , Hindu-nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party  BJP  , with a recent survey by the Pew Research Center finding voters preferred the BJP to lead the next government by a margin of more than three to one . The party 's support has been boosted by the immense popularity of prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi , 63-year-old Chief Minister of the western state of Gujarat . Nearly 80 % of those surveyed by Pew had a positive view of Modi , with 60 % describing their impressions of him as very favorable .  By comparison , 50 % held positive views of Gandhi , with just 23 % giving "  very favorable " responses . WATCH : India heads to the polls Modi 's reputation as a tough , "  can-do " administrator rests largely on his record in charge of Gujarat since 2001 , a state whose economic success is often cited as an example for the rest of the country . The BJP 's economic model under Modi , focusing on infrastructure , urbanization and eradicating red tape , contrasts sharply with the traditional approach of the Congress Party , whose focus on promoting inclusive growth involves a raft of welfare schemes . Dilip Dutta , director of the South Asian Studies Group at the University of Sydney , said Modi 's model was widely seen as offering better prospects of economic development , particularly by the young voters tipped to play a key role in the election . About 100 million voters will be eligible to vote for the first time in 2014 . "  They 're getting some hope that perhaps Modi can steer the economy in the right direction so that they can get more in terms of job opportunities and economic growth , " he said . "  These young voters are exposed through electronic media to the whole world , and have a dream of moving forward -- not lagging behind as their fathers and grandfathers have for decades . " Mohan Guruswamy , a political analyst at Delhi 's Center for Policy Alternatives , likens Modi 's economic vision for a "  right-wing , authoritarian corporate state " as closer to the model in China -- India 's neighboring superpower whose rapid economic ascent is eyed enviously from the subcontinent , where GDP growth has dropped below 5 % . A Hindu nationalist at the helm ? In contrast to the Congress Party 's secularism , Modi is also notable as a Hindu nationalist -- a position that resonates with large swathes of an increasingly confident , assertive electorate , but gives pause to some among the country 's religious minorities . "  Internationally , he would be a little more hardline on everything -- Pakistan , China , America . Indian interests would be aggressively asserted , " said Guruswamy . "  It plays well with the electorate , the new generation coming up that 's educated by the Internet -- they tend to be right-wing nerds . " Their nationalist perspective , he said , was informed by "  a sense of victimhood , that we 've been victimized by foreigners -- by Muslim invaders , Christian invaders . " But for all the excitement around Modi , he comes with plenty of detractors . Chief among them are those who question his suitability to lead a country as diverse as India . In particular , his track record with India 's 180 million-strong Muslim community , the country 's second largest religious group , has come under scrutiny . Less than a year after Modi assumed office in Gujarat in late 2001 , the state was wracked with anti-Muslim violence , in which more than 1000 people , mostly Muslims , were killed . Modi was criticized for not doing enough to halt the violence , accusations he has denied . The U.S. State Department denied Modi a visa in 2005 over the issue , but last month said it would welcome Modi to the United States if he wins . READ MORE : 11 things to know about the Indian elections The effectiveness of his much-vaunted "  Modinomics " formula in Gujarat has also been brought into question , with claims his influence has been overhyped . "  There is no ` Gujarat model , ' and there are other states with faster economic growth , " says Guruswamy . Many feel that economic development in the state has been unequally distributed , and not matched with corresponding gains in human development , he said . Modi 's style of leadership -- perceived as decisive by admirers , as autocratic by detractors -- is also seen by some as ill-suited for the nation 's top office . "  It 's not a place where you can press buttons -- you have to work with people , " said Guruswamy , who knows Modi personally . "  The prime minister of India has to be the supreme conciliator , reconciling the aspirations and demands of thousands of groups . It 's not like China where you can turn off Weibo one day -- you ca n't be autocratic or they 'll cut you out . " Gandhi : A prime minister-in-waiting ? Yet any misgivings about Modi have so far failed to buoy the prospects of the Congress candidate Rahul Gandhi . With an unparalleled political pedigree as the son of assassinated former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi and the Italy-born Congress Party president Sonia Gandhi , the 43-year-old has long been viewed as a prime minister-in-waiting . But his chances have been hampered by widespread voter displeasure with the Congress-led coalition government over high inflation , slowing economic growth and a run of corruption scandals , says Dutta . For all Gandhi 's youth , his party is seen as the old order , with Modi widely viewed as providing the alternative to the status quo , says Guruswamy . "  I do n't think Gandhi is in the game , " he said . "  He 's seen as undeserving , his mother 's son . How many generations can you pull along like this ? I think people are getting tired of it , " he said . In contrast to what Guruswamy described as Modi 's "  relentless drive to become prime minister , " questions have been asked whether Gandhi possesses a genuine desire to lead , while his personal style has failed to excite voters . "  Like somebody said , he 's got the charisma of cold pizza , " said Guruswamy . Anti-corruption platform While both parties pledge to target corruption , said Guruswamy , a lack of public confidence in either to effectively address the problem has paved the way for a new political force to enter the fray . Formed in late 2012 , the Aam Aadmi  Common Man  Party , led by former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal , won an unexpected 28 of 70 seats in the Delhi Assembly in 2013 . Contesting its first general election , it will be fielding more candidates than either major party . Guruswamy said the anti-corruption party could prove to have some longevity . "  They 're going to flag the agenda , they 're making their presence felt this time around , " said Guruswamy . "  By the time the next election comes around , they 'll be a big force . " Dutta said a long-term commitment would be required to make any progress in tackling India 's entrenched , endemic corruption problem . "  I wish  Kejriwal  will be able to succeed -- but it wo n't be overnight , " he said . CNN 's Sumnima Udas and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	India 's general election will take five weeks and is the biggest election in history 814 million -- more than combined populations of the U.S. and Western Europe -- are eligible to vote The race pits a controversial but popular Hindu nationalist against a member of Nehru-Gandhi dynasty Analysts are describing the vote as India 's most significant in decades
Three people were killed and another was seriously injured in a shooting Saturday at the Jewish Museum of Belgium in Brussels , Belgian officials said . A person arrived by car at the museum in central Brussels , entered and quickly opened fire before leaving the scene , Belgian Interior Minister Joelle Milquet told CNN affiliate Bel RTL . The circumstances of the shooting have raised suspicions that it may have been an anti-Semitic attack , but no motive has been determined . The shooter remains at large , and the nation 's terror alert level was raised . Belgian public broadcaster RTBF quoted Brussels Mayor Yvan Mayeur as saying those killed were two men and a woman , while a man was seriously injured at the museum , which is near the tourist sites . Two of the dead were Israelis -- a couple in their 50 's from Tel Aviv , Israel 's foreign ministry said Sunday . At a press conference , Milquet said the threat level is highest at locations frequented by the Jewish community . This measure was precautionary , she added . Belgian Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Affairs Minister Didier Reynders , who was nearby when the shooting occurred , told CNN affiliate RTL/TVI that he saw the victims inside the museum , then called the emergency services and put witnesses in touch with police . "  It seems that a car was double-parked and that a person went in and came out of the museum quickly after shots were fired , " Reynders said . One witness managed to see the license plate of the vehicle used in the attack , according to Reynders . "  You ca n't help thinking , when you see a Jewish museum , to think about an anti-Semitic act , but the investigation will tell more , " he said . The person involved in the attack was carrying bags , and police were asked to look inside the museum to ensure that no devices were left behind , Reynders added . Milquet told RTBF that the circumstances of the "  haphazard " shooting "  could give rise to presumptions of an anti-Semitic act . " But she added that the matter was still under investigation . Prime Minister Elio Di Rupo expressed his shock and condolences via Twitter . ` We did n't expect such a terrible act ' The European Jewish Congress also decried the attack , the group 's president , Moshe Kantor , said in a statement . "  While we do n't not yet have full information regarding the background to this attack , we are acutely aware of the permanent threat to Jewish targets in Belgium and across the whole of Europe , " he said . "  This is once again , much like the savage murders in Toulouse , a clear example of where hate and anti-Semitism leads . European governments must send out a clear message of zero tolerance towards any manifestation of anti-Semitism . " Henry Goodman , president of the Jewish Community Center in Brussels , also drew a parallel with the attacks by a gunman in Toulouse , France , two years ago in which a rabbi , three Jewish children and three French paratroopers were killed , saying it "  must be the same logic . " He added , "  They , whoever they are , are not going to close the community activities . Jewish people know what anti-Semitism means . "  They are not going to silence us . ... We are going to survive and fight . " Goodman told CNN he was "  horrified " by what had happened Saturday . "  We did n't expect such a terrible act . Since we do n't know who has done it or the reason , we can only imagine that it is an act of pure anti-Semitism , " he said . A crisis center has been opened by the Consistoire Central and the Coordinating Committee of Belgian Jewish Organisations , and community leaders are in direct and permanent contact with police , local authorities and emergency services . A global survey released in May by the Anti-Defamation League reported on the levels of anti-Semitism found in 102 nations . Belgium received a 27 % index score in the survey . The index score represents the percentage of adults in a country who answered "  probably true " to a majority of the anti-Semitic stereotypes tested . Belgium has an adult population of about 8.7 million . The ADL said one in four adults worldwide are "  deeply infected with anti-Semitic attitudes , " according to a CNN.com report on the survey . France had an index score of 37 % , Germany 27 % , Spain 29 % , Sweden 4 % and the United Kingdom 8 % . The United States was given an index score of 9 % . 7 dead in California shooting rampage called ` premeditated mass murder '	Interior minister says terror alert level highest where Jewish community frequents European Jewish Congress is "  aware of the permanent threat to Jewish targets in Belgium " Interior Minister Joelle Milquet says three people are dead , another seriously hurt Milquet tells Belgian media that circumstances could suggest anti-Semitic attack
CNN  -- Food and water were being dropped by helicopters on Monday to residents in rural Indonesia cut off after a 6.6 magnitude earthquake struck , triggering landslides , according to the National Disaster Management Agency . At least 6 people were killed and 43 wounded when the earthquake struck Sunday near the city of Palu on the island of Sulawesi , Sutopo Purwo Nugroho of the National Disaster Agency said . About 471 homes and buildings have been destroyed , Nugroho said . Many of those displaced are staying in shelters or government buildings that were undamaged by the quake . Rescuers have been unable to reach several village because landslides triggered by the quake are blocking the roads . Heavy equipment and bulldozers are helping clear the way . Disaster , health and social welfare officials , including the Red Cross , are headed to the area to provide emergency assistance , trucks and ambulances . Indonesia is on the so-called Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	An earthquake that struck Indonesia triggers landslides , an official says About 471 homes and buildings are damaged , officials say The 6.6-magnitude hit Saturday near the city of Palu
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William and his bride-to-be Kate Middleton , returned to the scene of their early romance Friday , visiting St. Andrews University in Fife , Scotland . As patron of the university 's 600th Anniversary Appeal , Prince William officially launched the event , viewing the surviving Papal Bull -- a series of letters issued by the pope in 1413 -- and unveiling a plaque in front of students and staff . Prince William , who is second line to the British throne , studied art history at St. Andrews when he first met Kate in 2001 . The pair grew closer after moving into a shared house with two other friends and were said to have started dating in late 2003 . They both graduated in 2005 . "  Catherine might be a bit emotional today , " said CNN royal contributor Mark Saunders . "  She came here  St. Andrews  as just as a normal student and she comes back today as a woman who will one day sit on the throne of England . "  This university claims it has the most student marriages of any university in Great Britain . My theory is , this is such a small town that there really is n't anything else to do but fall in love . " As a wedding present to the couple , the university has established a new scholarship in honor of its two graduates . "  We were very pleased to make the offer of this scholarship as a wedding gift ... and absolutely delighted that they have graciously accepted , " university principal and vice-chancellor Louise Richardson said in a statement . It is the second official engagement for the couple , who launched a lifeboat in Anglesey , north Wales yesterday . The pair currently resides in Anglesey while Prince William serves as an RAF search and rescue helicopter pilot . Their first official engagement was said to be deliberately low-key , in order to ease Middleton into royal life .	Prince William and Kate have returned to St. Andrews University It 's their second official engagement together and their first in Scotland The couple met when studying art history at the university in 2001
CNN  -- Two people were killed when unusually large and powerful waves crashed into a cruise ship in the Mediterranean Sea this week . Here CNN Senior Meteorologist Brandon Miller explains the science behind the deadly squall that hit the Louis Majesty as it traveled from Barcelona , Spain to Genoa , Italy . What caused the wave that hit the cruise ship ? There was a strong storm moving through the Mediterranean which brought winds gusting well over 100 kph . Winds of this magnitude will result in a very rough sea state and large waves . Buoys nearby recorded significant wave heights  defined as the average of the largest 1/3 of waves over a 20 minute period  over 6 meters . The waves which hit the ship were reported to be between 8-9 meters . This would not be considered a "  rogue " wave , as rogue waves must have a height at least double the significant wave height , but it is nevertheless abnormally high . Several factors can contribute to an increase in the size of the wave , including wind direction , ocean current direction , and shape and depth of the sea floor . How common are such waves ? Waves of this height are not very common in the Mediterranean under normal conditions , but it would not be unusual to find waves of this magnitude within strong storms  as was the case with these waves  . Rogue waves , especially those not associated with stormy conditions , are far less common , but present the biggest danger to ships due to their unexpected nature . Is it unusual for cruise ships to be hit by such abnormal waves ? Cruise ships are frequently affected by large waves all over the world , although normally not to this extreme , and with minimal consequences . Cruise ships normally set their course to avoid storms and rough seas when possible . We hear of events such as this one every couple of years , such as in March 2001 when two tourist ships were impacted in the same week  the Bremen and Caledonian Star  . Can abnormal activity in one ocean impact other seas or oceans ? All the world 's oceans are connected , and we know vary large scale events such as tsunamis can traverse and affect multiple ocean basins  a very large earthquake in the Indian Ocean could conceivably create a tsunami that would be felt in parts of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans for example  . The waves which hit the Louis Majesty , however , were a much more localized event brought on by a storm system nearby . They were in no way related to the Chile earthquake and subsequent tsunami . Rough seas and high waves can be expected to occur near this storm as it moves eastward through the Mediterranean towards Greece and Turkey . How far from a storm can you find large waves ? Large waves can occur at great distances from the storm that generates them . Hawaii , for instance , will often receive high surf and large swells from tropical storms located in the Western Pacific near Asia or Eastern Pacific near North America . In order for this to occur , the strong wind must blow in a consistent direction over a large distance  fetch  , such as in large typhoons/hurricanes .	Powerful storm waves uncommon in the Mediterranean Wind , ocean current , and shape and depth of sea floor can contribute Storm waves not connected to recent tsunamis caused by Chile quake
CNN  -- Jeremy Poincenot can no longer read , drive a car or even recognize faces . But the 20-year-old , who lost his central vision two years ago , can successfully hit a small white ball into a slightly larger hole from considerable distance . Chipping from off the green at a tournament in August , the American won a nerve-wracking playoff to officially become the world 's best blind golfer . Poincenot , a college student from San Diego , has an extremely rare disease called Leber 's hereditary optic neuropathy  LHON  . And not long ago , he feared he 'd never play golf again . He woke up the day before Thanksgiving in 2008 to notice his formerly perfect vision was a little blurry . A routine trip to the optometrist to pick up a pair of glasses ended up with him being diagnosed with a suspected brain tumor . The subsequent holidays were spent having an MRI scan , a spinal tap and then a catheter placed in his jugular as doctors struggled to diagnose the cause of his vanishing sight . It was n't until his mother discovered it on the Internet that Jeremy was successfully diagnosed with LHON -- a hereditary disease with no treatment and no cure that only affects one in 50,000 people . Lissa Poincenot has since set up the website LHON.org to support fellow sufferers and their families , and to help raise funds for the USC Doheny Eye Institute , where Dr. Alfredo Sadun is researching a cure . Faced with the onset of blindness , Jeremy admits he slipped into depression for a couple of months until one afternoon he was jerked back into action . "  I saw this guy who had just lost his wife and baby daughter when a plane crashed down on his house , " he told CNN . "  The guy was in a press conference crying , saying ` If anybody knows how to handle something this tragic , please tell me . ' I just thought , ` Hey if this guy can make it through this then I can survive having no central vision . ' That became my motto : ` Things could be worse . ' " So six months after losing his sight , Poincenot decided to pick up his clubs again . A keen golfer with a handicap of just four , he had played every Sunday since the age of 12 with his Dad Lionel , a club engineer at golf firm Callaway . Blind golf brought them even closer because , unlike the regular version of the sport , it 's a team game . Lionel acts as his son 's sighted coach on the course , describing the hole he 's playing , the bunkers , the water hazards and the dog-legs -- as well as adjusting his son 's feet and club-face alignment before every shot . Then he 'll point in the direction that the shot should be played , while Jeremy places his chin on his dad 's shoulder to get a sense of the correct alignment . "  He 's the one who does all the work , lining me up and reading the putts -- I 'm just the one who executes the shots , " Jeremy laughs . They played their first tournament together in Texas , and then qualified from the nationals in California despite a few teething problems . "  He forgot to tell me about a few bunkers , and I was n't as nice to him as I should have been , " Jeremy recalls . But before the International Blind Golf Association 's World Championships began in Britain in August , Jeremy made a pact with his dad : "  We realized that our attitude needed to improve as a team , so we decided to focus more on having fun rather than stressing out about every shot . " The new approach clearly worked , because at the end of the first day , Poincenot was tied for third out of 60 competitors and just one shot away from the leader . "  The whole second day , my stomach was in my throat -- I was extremely nervous on every shot , " he admits . "  But I think Dad was even more nervous than me ; after I take my shot he 's freaking out watching my ball go towards the rough , while I ca n't even tell . " Nevertheless , Poincenot still managed to shoot 89 for a net score of 70 , tying him with British champion Simon Cookson . A playoff hole was then required to find the winner . "  I hit my third shot short of the green . Simon also hit his second short of the green but I got a stroke on the hole because I 'm a ` B2 ' and Simon 's a ` B3 ' , " he said . Not every competitor has the same degree of visual impairment , so a three-tier handicap system is used to level the playing field . Those who are completely blind are B1s , while those -- like Poincenot -- with up to six percent of vision are B2s . Cookson , who has 10 percent of his vision , is a B3 -- the category of player with the most sight . Despite this potential disadvantage , however , the international business major from San Diego University had saved the best for last . "  I paced the shot to work out the yardage , and when I got to the pin there was a crowd there watching so I thought , ` You know what , I 'm not going to be in this situation many times in my life , ' so I waved to the crowd real quick and then got back to my shot . "  I took what I thought was a nice chip and even heard someone in the crowd say , ` That 's a nice chip . ' Then I heard the ball hit the pin and fall into the hole . My dad shouted , ` It went in ! ' so I threw my hat in the air and gave my dad a big hug . " As well as winning his first World Blind Golf Championship , Poincenot has been raising money and awareness of LHON with sponsored bike rides , half-marathons and even sky dives . He is now setting his ambitions on the next tournament in Canada 's Nova Scotia in 2012 . "  To be able to share being world champion with my dad is incredible , I do n't know if it 's hit me yet , " he says . "  It 's a great feeling and I hope it will help raise awareness of LHON , because that 's the greater purpose of why I do anything . "	Young American wins World Blind Golf Championship two years after losing his vision Jeremy Poincenot feared he 'd never play golf again after being blinded by rare disease The 20-year-old is joined on the golf course by his father , who acts as his son 's eyes He is now setting his sights on the next tournament in Canada in 2012
New York  CNN  -- As storm-battered residents came to terms with the extent of the damage Tuesday , organizers of the New York City Marathon were trying to determine if flight cancellations , flooding and power outages would affect Sunday 's race . "  We are going to give everyone the time to get here and if they have to cancel , we will give them the chance to cancel up to Saturday , " said Mary Wittenberg , president of New York Road Runners , which organizes the race . Wittenberg had declared Monday that "  time is on our side " for the preparations , though she could not be reached for comment Tuesday after Superstorm Sandy barreled through the region . Superstorm Sandy breaks records As many as 2 million customers in the state of New York were without power Tuesday afternoon . "  We are currently focused on recovery efforts , and our thoughts go out to all those affected by the storm , " the race 's website said Tuesday . "  Please stay safe -- we will update you later in the day as more information becomes available . " The group said race officials have been taking "  proactive measures to reschedule pre-race events and to accommodate participants affected by Hurricane Sandy . " Up to 20,000 international runners could be affected by flight cancellations or delays , but Wittenberg said the organization has "  a number of options to get them into any of our surrounding airports . " Participants unable to reach Manhattan in time for the big race will be entered in next year 's marathon , the group said , though entry fees will not be refunded . 80 homes destroyed by New York fire amid superstorm The race 's "  Health & Fitness Expo " is still scheduled to open Thursday despite its location at the Javits Center , which sits within the area of Manhattan that Mayor Michael Bloomberg ordered to be evacuated . The 26.2-mile course winds across New York 's five boroughs , but does not include lower Manhattan , where heavy flooding took place Monday and early Tuesday . The race is scheduled to begin Sunday morning on Staten Island , where runners will cross the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge into Brooklyn and run through Queens before crossing the 59th street bridge into Manhattan and the Bronx . Crane continues to dangle over Manhattan	Race officials rescheduling pre-race events , working to accommodate participants Up to 20,000 international runners could be affected by flight cancellations or delays The 26.2-mile course winds across New York 's five boroughs Runners unable to reach Manhattan in time for the race will be entered in next year 's marathon
CNN  -- More than 30 years ago , 6-year-old Etan Patz vanished from a Manhattan street on his way to a school bus stop . His parents never saw him again . The case riveted millions . It also changed the country . Patz investigation a 33-year-long roller-coaster ride "  It awakened America , " Ernie Allen , president and chief executive officer of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children , recently told CNN . "  It was the beginning of a missing children 's movement . " Thursday , Pedro Hernandez , a former Manhattan stock clerk who once lived in the same neighborhood as Etan , was arrested in connection with his death . The Patz case was the first of several high-profile cases that catapulted concern about missing children to the forefront of national consciousness . Basement search for Etan Patz clues ends Just weeks after Etan disappeared in May 1979 , an attacker abducted the first of more than 20 children to be kidnapped and killed in Atlanta , stirring fear until police arrested a suspect two years later . In another case that made headlines , in 1981 someone abducted 6-year-old Adam Walsh from a Florida shopping mall and killed him . The cases received increasing news coverage in a fast-changing landscape that saw a proliferation of media outlets with growing interest in compelling visual images -- such as a heart-rending photo of a smiling child or video of parents pleading for their child 's safe return . Overheard on CNN : Face on milk carton chipped away at our innocence The actual number of children who were kidnapped and killed did not change -- it 's always been a relatively small number -- but awareness of the cases skyrocketed , experts said in recent interviews that shed light on the issue of missing children . "  Interest in the situation exploded , " said Marc Klaas , whose 12-year-old daughter , Polly , was kidnapped and strangled to death in a 1993 case that also received intense news coverage . "  It really pulled the lid off of America 's dirty little secret , the fact that children are being victimized in large numbers , " he told CNN in April . The cases also stoked fear , sparked awareness and prompted change from politicians and police . In 1984 , Congress passed the Missing Children 's Assistance Act . That led to the creation of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children . President Ronald Reagan opened the center in a White House ceremony in 1984 . It soon began operating a 24-hour toll-free hotline on which callers could report information about missing boys and girls . Police officers also started to respond more quickly to reports of missing children , experts said . After Etan disappeared , investigators tried what was then a novel technique to try to find him : They put his face on thousands of milk cartons , a technique that would become more common in the next few years . Relatives and authorities also put the images of missing children on billboards and fliers distributed by mail . Those more assertive efforts eventually led to the AMBER alert system , which broadcasts news about missing children on TV , radio , the Internet , mobile phones , lottery tickets and highway signs . That system has helped save 554 children , the federal government says . Most of them were recovered after the first-ever White House Conference on Missing , Exploited and Runaway Children in 2002 . Before the dramatic increase in awareness of crimes against children in the 1980s , only a few high-profile cases grabbed the public 's attention . Klaas points out that in 1873 , after a 4-year-old Philadelphia boy named Charley Ross disappeared , authorities produced the first missing-child flier . The 1932 disappearance and killing of Charles Lindbergh Jr. , the 20-month-old son of the world-famous aviator , attracted worldwide attention . It resulted in the Lindbergh Law , which permitted federal authorities to chase kidnappers across state lines . Even before the Etan Patz case , groups were working in the 1970s -- largely out of the spotlight -- on the issue of missing children . They advocated tougher rules in cases of children who were abducted by relatives , said Joel Best , a professor of sociology and criminal justice at the University of Delaware . Children abducted by relatives , runaways , and abductions by strangers are the three classifications of what came to be repackaged and rebranded by activists as "  missing children " in the late 1970s and early 1980s , he said . "  The missing children 's movement was the outgrowth of an earlier child-snatching movement , " Best said . Runaways comprise the largest number of the missing children , he said , and while there are few abductions by strangers , those "  emotional , wrenching stories " make an impact . Best spoke last month , after police dug up parts of a basement in an unsuccessful attempt to crack the case . So did Lisa Cohen , author of "  After Etan : The Missing Child Case that Held America Captive . " She said the Etan Patz case galvanized media-saturated New York . So did his photo , which Cohen called a "  beautiful " shot made by his photographer father , Stan . "  A picture is worth a thousand words , " she said . Cohen said people empathized with the angst of Stan and his wife Julie -- seen by TV viewers and newspapers readers as normal , intelligent and wise people . The case never ended , the story was never over , and the news outlets never stopped covering it . "  It started a ball rolling , " she said . "  There was a real momentum . " Barbara Friedman , associate professor of University of North Carolina 's School of Journalism and Mass Communication , has said such "  heinous crimes are always newsworthy " and "  have been reported in the press for as long as there has been a press . " "  As media became more plentiful and visual in the 1980s , child abductions and child murders allowed for the kinds of images that are at once intimate and universal -- like school photos and grieving families , " Friedman said . "  The use of milk cartons as another form of media to locate missing children was a way to bring the issue into the family space -- the breakfast table -- heightening awareness as well as anxieties . " Etan 's family and Adam Walsh 's parents have been particularly media savvy , she said , as they kept their cases front and center before the public and law enforcement . "  They were strategically and actively engaged in cultivating their attention . And in the age of the 24-hour news cycle , there were more reporters looking for substantive news stories and more space to fill , " she said . The case raised consciousness but also stirred fear . "  I think it ended an era of innocence in this country , " Allen said . "  Parents around the nation saw how it happened and thought , ` But for the grace of God , my child . ' "	NEW : New York police say a man has been arrested in the death of Etan Patz The case was the first of several high-profile missing children cases Etan 's photo was posted on milk cartons , a new idea at the time Abductions by strangers are rare ; runaways are much more numerous
CNN  -- Barcelona midfielder Alexander Hleb has turned down a move to Inter Milan in favor of returning to Bundesliga club Stuttgart on loan for the season . Alexander Hleb is presented to the media after completing his loan move to former club Stuttgart . Hleb had been expected to be part of the swap deal that saw Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Samuel Eto'o switch clubs earlier this week . But the 28-year-old Belarus international has opted against joining Cameroon striker Eto'o at the San Siro due to the limited prospects of regular football under Jose Mourinho , and instead decided to return to Germany . Hleb left Stuttgart four years ago to move to English Premier League side Arsenal , where he spent three seasons -- including reaching the Champions League final in 2006 , which the Gunners lost to Barcelona . Top 20 summer transfer targets Hleb eventually ended up moving to the Nou Camp last summer , but struggled to claim a place in the side and was omitted from the 18-man squad that beat Manchester United in this year 's Champions League final . Hleb told Stuttgart 's official Web site he had moved to Markus Babbel 's side because of their prospects for the coming season . "  I have opted for Stuttgart because the team has great potential and I am convinced that we can achieve a lot together , " the 28-year-old said . Stuttgart general manager Horst Heldt added : "  We have signed a world class player with Alexander Hleb . He will increase the quality of our squad even further . " Stuttgart had seen moves for both Real Madrid 's Klaas Jan Huntelaar and Vagner Love of CSKA Moscow break down in recent weeks .	Barcelona midfielder Alexander Hleb has turned down a switch to Inter Milan Hleb had been expected to be part of the Ibrahimovic and Eto'o swap transfer However , he has chosen to rejoin former club Stuttgart in a one-year loan deal
CNN  -- The battle for control of the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama began with a bold move by some of the crew to jump the pirates , crew members say . The crew of the Maersk Alabama exchange some words with media after the ship docked in Mombasa , Kenya . A scuffle ensued , and one of the sailors stabbed a pirate in the hand in the battle to retake the container ship , one of the sailors told CNN . Snippets of information are starting to emerge about how the Alabama 's crew managed to retake the ship after it was hijacked by pirates Wednesday about 350 miles off the coast of Somalia in the Indian Ocean . The Alabama docked Saturday night in Mombasa , Kenya . Its captain , Richard Phillips , is being held by pirates in the ship 's lifeboat in the Indian Ocean . Crew members smiled broadly as they stood on the ship 's deck under the watchful eyes of security teams . Although they were kept away from the media , CNN 's Stan Grant got close enough to ask them what happened after the pirates climbed aboard the ship . A crew member said he recalled being awakened around 7 a.m. as the hijacking began . View a timeline of the attack and its aftermath " "  I was scared , " Grant quoted the man as saying . Some of the crew managed to hide in a secure part of the Alabama as the pirates stormed the ship , the sailor said . As the men described the clash , a crew member pointed to one shipmate and said , "  This guy is a hero . He and the chief engineer , they took down the pirate . ... He led him down there to the engine room and then they jumped him . " The shipmate added that he stabbed the pirate in the hand and tied him up . Another crew member shouted , "  Captain Phillips is a hero . " The father of first mate Shane Murphy on Saturday offered thanks for the "  tremendous outpouring " of support his family has received from the public and government officials , including U.S. Sens. Ted Kennedy and John Kerry . Capt. Joseph Murphy told reporters the safe arrival of his son in Kenya is "  the best Easter present . " Joseph Murphy , an instructor at the Massachusetts Maritime Academy , said he had spoken to his son but that he did n't have details on the standoff . "  He said , ` Dad , this has been unbelievable . ' He said the facts will be known very soon . He said he could n't speak about anything , " Joseph Murphy said . "  I said this is going to be a tough sea story to overcome . He 's got a great sea story here . " Joseph Murphy said Saturday that he and the Alabama crew 's primary concern was for the ship 's captain . "  He 's made a tremendous sacrifice for his crew . Just incredible courage . We 're very , very thankful . He 's done everything he could possibly do and he has saved our son , " he said at a news conference . "  We believe that Captain Phillips will survive the situation . We want him to know he has the support of all of us -- the American people and people around the world . " Phillips became a captive sometime during the hijacking Wednesday . Since then , the destroyer USS Bainbridge has arrived on the scene to try to free Phillips with the help of the FBI . An attempt by Phillips to escape from the 28-foot covered lifeboat was thwarted by a pirate who dove into the Indian Ocean after him . Phillips ' captors appear to have tied him up afterward , Pentagon officials said . The Alabama resumed its course on Thursday for Mombasa , its original destination , carrying food aid and an armed 18-person security detail . Maersk president and CEO John Reinhart told reporters Saturday that the crew will stay on board in Mombasa while the FBI conducts an investigation . The agency will look into the hijacking and hostage-taking , two law enforcement officials told CNN . The probe will be led by the FBI 's New York field office , which has responsibility for looking into cases involving U.S. citizens in the African region . Reinhart said the crew has reported being in good health and that the entire crew has "  showed the professionalism of a true mariner . " "  We will make sure they 're safe , " he said . "  We know what food they want -- we 'll get the food to them . " He said the crew has asked the company to do everything it can to get Phillips home safely -- an effort he said Maersk is working on with the Navy . "  That means do n't make a mistake , folks , " Reinhart said . "  We have to be perfect in our execution . " CNN 's Stan Grant , Susan Candiotti , Stephanie Elam , Mohammed Jamjoom and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Crew member stabbed pirate in the hand to retake Maersk Alabama , sailor says Another sailor recalls being awakened at 7 a.m. as pirates stormed ship Crew shares snippets of their stories after docking in Mombasa , Kenya , on Saturday Ship , crew will remain in Kenya while FBI investigates standoff in Indian Ocean
Stockholm , Sweden  CNN  -- WikiLeaks founder and editor Julian Assange said Swedish authorities reached "  the height of irresponsibility " by issuing an arrest warrant alleging rape against him , then revoking it less than a day later . "  It is clearly a smear campaign , " Assange told Arabic news network Al-Jazeera in a live telephone interview Sunday . " ... The only question is , who was involved ? " Asked who he thinks was behind the accusations , Assange told the network , "  We have some suspicions about who would benefit , but without direct evidence , I would not be willing to make a direct allegation . " Meanwhile , the Swedish Prosecution Authority said in an update on its website that Assange 's name was leaked to the media , and the authority -- which does not normally publish the names of suspects -- "  did not in this case initiate publication . " However , the office did confirm Assange 's identity and later published his name in statements about his arrest and the subsequent revocation . An arrest warrant was filed against Assange in absentia on Friday . Swedish media , citing unnamed sources , reported that two women , ages 20 and 30 , reported the allegations to police , leading to the warrant being filed . The AftonBladet , a respected Swedish daily , said the 30-year-old told the newspaper that the younger woman had approached her with a story similar to hers -- that she had consensual sex with Assange but that the situation had turned abusive . Karin Rosander , a spokeswoman for the prosecutor 's office , would not confirm the reports . But on Saturday , less than full day later , Chief Prosecutor Eva Finne said in a statement posted on the authority 's website that Assange was "  no longer wanted " and "  is not suspected of rape . " The prosecution authority said on its website Sunday , "  When Ms. Finne became in charge of the matter on Saturday , she had more information than the first prosecutor had on Friday night . Decisions on coercive measures , like arrest , should constantly be re-evaluated during an investigation and must always be based on the actual information . " "  The decision to appoint Eva Finne as prosecutor in charge was made on Saturday , " the authority said . "  Under most circumstances the duty prosecutors on Monday morning hand over all weekend matters to different prosecutors who will be in fully in charge of the investigations . " However , serious crimes or high-profile matters can be handed over earlier to lessen the burden on the duty prosecutors , the posting said . "  The matter concerning Mr. Assange was judged as such a matter . " Rosander told CNN affiliate TV4 that the decision to issue the warrant was made by an "  on-call prosecutor " and that Finne revoked the warrant on Saturday . Such differences in prosecutorial judgment are common in Sweden , she said . The arrest warrant also mentioned a molestation charge , but molestation -- which is not limited to child victims in Sweden -- is not a crime punishable by jail time . Rosander told TV4 Assange is still under investigation for molestation . Asked about that investigation by Al-Jazeera , Assange -- who said he is on holiday in the north of Sweden -- said , "  I have no details on what that is about . I can not imagine any event where that would be credible . " He said he has not been contacted by Swedish police , but has directed his attorney to contact them . Assange told the network he was warned of an impending smear campaign . In a posting Saturday on the WikiLeaks Twitter page , Assange said , "  the charges are without basis and their issue at this moment is deeply disturbing . " Asked if he had anything to tell Swedish authorities , Assange said he would ask that they be cautious "  and not issue statements and retract them six hours later " given the seriousness of the situation . Finne , the posting Sunday said , "  will work with the investigation " next week . "  At the moment , it is not possible to estimate when more information can be given or which decisions will be made . " WikiLeaks has triggered controversy by recently posting some 76,000 U.S. documents related to the war in Afghanistan . An elusive figure , Assange reportedly lives part-time in Sweden . He told the Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet last week that he had been in Sweden because he wanted a safe-place to go after the high-profile document leak -- which has been called the biggest leak since the Pentagon Papers about the Vietnam War . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates criticized the leak , saying it would have a significant negative impact on troops and allies , revealing techniques and procedures . And Afghan President Hamid Karzai has expressed concern that the leaks will put informants ' lives at risk . Asked Sunday by Al-Jazeera about Karzai 's comment that he has blood on his hands , Assange said it was "  extraordinary thing to hear , a comment like that , from a man like that , who has waded his whole life in blood . " He pointed out that the Pentagon has said it was not aware of anyone coming to harm because of the documents ' release . Another 15,000 documents are being reviewed and will be released soon , Assange said . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	WikiLeaks founder wo n't say who he thinks is behind allegations Swedish authorities alleged rape in warrant , then revoked it Authorities said Assange 's name was leaked to the media WikiLeaks is at the center of controversy after posting U.S. documents
RIVERDALE , Georgia  CNN  -- In his darkest moment , Kenneth Brown lost it all . His wife and kids , the housebroken dog , the vacation home on Cape Cod all vanished when he was sent to prison for an arson in 1996 . Kenneth Brown , a former inmate , learned to meditate during his nine years in prison . Trapped in his gloomy cell and serving a 20-year sentence that felt like an eternity , Brown , then 49 , found himself stretched out on the floor . He was silent . His eyes were shut . His body did not move . Brown , a man raised as a Baptist and taught to praise the Lord and fear the devil , was meditating . "  I try to focus on the space between two thoughts , because it prevents me from getting lost , " said Brown , who discovered meditation , yoga and Buddhist teachings three months into his sentence . "  This helped me stay on track and get me through prison , " he said . Eastern religions encompassing meditation techniques have captivated hippies , 20-somethings and celebrities like actor Richard Gere . But since the 1960s , the art of meditation also has found a growing number of unlikely followers behind prison bars . The inmates say meditation -- an ancient practice that develops mental awareness and fosters relaxation -- is teaching them how to cope in prison . "  Mostly , the people in Buddhist community are going into the prisons , providing programs , and word of mouth gets from one inmate to another , " explained Gary Friedman , communications chairman for the American Correctional Chaplains Association . "  It 's a break from all the hustle and noise of the prison environment . " There is no group tracking the number of inmates converting to Buddhism or engaging in meditation practices . But programs and workshops educating inmates about meditation and yoga are sprouting up across the country . Meditation can help the convicts find calmness in a prison culture ripe with violence and chaos . The practice provides them a chance to reflect on their crimes , wrestle through feelings of guilt and transform themselves during their rehabilitative journey , Buddhist experts say . In the past five years , books like the "  Prison Chaplaincy Guidelines for Zen Buddhism " and "  Razor-Wire Dharma : A Buddhist Life in Prison " have emerged . "  This is transformative justice , as opposed to punitive , " said Fleet Maull , founder of the Prison Dharma Network , one of the largest support networks helping inmates learn meditation and Buddhist teachings . Since its inception in 1989 , Prison Dharma Network has grown from one person -- Maull -- teaching Buddhist principles to more than 75 member organizations corresponding with 2,500 individuals , many of them inmates . For the past seven years , Maull 's group has taught a weekly meditation class in Boulder County Jail in Colorado . Some inmates follow Zen Buddhism , a practice that originated in China , and meet weekly to focus their minds . Others practice Vipassana , a Buddhist practice founded in India , which consists of completing hundreds of hours of meditation in a short period of time . Buddhism has gained momentum in the United States over the past 25 years , becoming the third most popular religion in America behind Christianity and Judaism , according to the 2008 report from the the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . About 1.7 million Americans call themselves Buddhists , and many of them are converts , the study said . According to the American Religious Identification Survey in 2008 , there were 1.2 million self-identified Buddhists . Some inmates , like Brown , may not label themselves official Buddhists , but they meditate , practice yoga and follow Buddhist principles on truth , responsibility and suffering . The practice of meditation seeped into the heart of the Bible Belt in 2002 . The Donaldson Correctional Facility , a maximum-security prison in Alabama , was notorious for violence . But a group of male inmates , including several murderers , completed a Vipassana meditation retreat that required more than 100 hours of meditation in 10 days . One inmate , who was featured in the 2007 documentary "  The Dhamma Brothers , " said Vipassana was harder than the 8 1/2 years he had spent on death row . More than 120 men in Donaldson have gone through Vipassana at least once . Watch a clip of "  The Dhamma Brothers " " "  They do n't feel so close to exploding , " said Jenny Phillips , director of the film . "  They are n't afraid to have conversations with people and to express themselves . They are n't always on edge . " Critics , including some prison officials , doubt that meditation works . They worry that it may be a tactic to convince parole boards to lighten a sentence . In areas that are heavily Christian , some wardens are uncomfortable with introducing Eastern religions . Alabama prison authorities were initially skeptical about meditation but next year will designate an open dormitory for inmates going through Vipassana , said Ron Cavanaugh , director of treatment for the Alabama Department of Corrections . He said corrections officers have seen lower levels of violence among Donaldson inmates who meditate . In California , a state where the swollen prison population has resulted in dangerously overcrowded prisons , teaching conflict management is critical , said Anne Seisen Saunders , a Zen Buddhist instructor who was raised Christian . Her Prison Meditation Project , based near San Diego , began a decade ago in one prison yard . Today , the program has expanded to five prisons , with an average of 20 inmates participating in each location . Last week , the autumn sky transformed from a deep purple to light blue outside Kenneth Brown 's meager studio apartment . Inside , Brown sat on his bed , barefoot and deep in concentration , in front of a makeshift altar holding books a photo of the Buddha . Traces of incense billowed in the air . Brown , now 62 , resides in Georgia to be near his family . He says he was wrongfully convicted of arson . In 2005 , a Massachusetts appeals judge reduced his sentence from 20 years to nine . His body was motionless , his eyes closed and the palms of his hands facing upward . These days , Brown 's practice of mediation helps him tackle the challenges of being unemployed with a felony record . The college graduate has been rejected from jobs catching stray dogs and cleaning hotel rooms . But he 's got a lot to be thankful for : His daughters , his grandchildren -- and meditation , he said . "  I finally feel at peace . "	Programs across the country educate inmates about meditation and yoga Meditation has helped reduce violence in Alabama prison , official says "  They do n't feel so close to exploding , " documentary director says Buddhism is third most popular religion in United States
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- The United States and Canada stepped up efforts to open other aid routes Wednesday after a leading relief agency complained that air traffic congestion in Port-au-Prince was costing lives on the ground . Doctors Without Borders has blamed five deaths on the delays , telling reporters that flights carrying drugs , surgical supplies and dialysis machines have been diverted from Port-au-Prince to the neighboring Dominican Republic three times since Sunday . "  If we do n't move now , we will lose patients , as we did , " Loris de Filippi , an official at the group 's hospital in the Port-au-Prince slum of Cite Soleil , told CNN Tuesday . "  We lost two patients tonight because we do n't have the capacity to do more . " At least 72,000 people have been confirmed dead in the magnitude 7.0 earthquake that struck Haiti January 12 , according to the country 's prime minister . International aid contributions have totaled hundreds of millions of dollars since then , but relief agencies on the ground say transportation bottlenecks and poor communications have slowed the delivery of food , water and medicine to survivors . The U.S. military , which has been assisting Haitian authorities in controlling air traffic into Port-au-Prince , says the single-runway airport has been handling up to 180 flights a day . But in an effort to open up the flow , the U.S. military said Wednesday that it has obtained landing rights at the Dominican Republic 's air base at San Isidro , near the capital of Santo Domingo , about 220 km  150 miles  east of Port-au-Prince . Lt. Gen. P.K. Keen , the head of the U.S. military task force in Haiti , told CNN 's "  American Morning " that any aircraft identified as carrying medical supplies has priority for landing rights . Aircraft are only turned away "  if there 's no parking space on the ramp , and they do n't have sufficient fuel to hold in their holding pattern . " But he said Wednesday night one aircraft was sent back to the Dominican Republic "  that we should have put on the ground , but we did not know what was on it because it was not posted . " "  If the air traffic controller knows what 's on the plane and what the tail number is and he has three planes stacked up and he knows one of them has got medical supplies on it and that 's the top priority identified by the government of Haiti , then that plane is going to come in , " Keen said . In addition , the Pentagon is dispatching a ship equipped with cranes that could get the port of Port-au-Prince back into operation "  within a week or two , perhaps , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates told reporters Wednesday during a visit to India . And Canadian troops are working to open up an airfield in the southern city of Jacmel by Thursday , Canadian Defense Minster Peter Mackay said . "  This achievement is crucial , as it will allow the Canadian forces access to a viable landing strip 24 hours a day , making it easier to ensure a continuous flow of aid supplies and equipment , " Mackay announced in a statement from Ottawa . Meanwhile , he said , two warships are landing supplies by sea , and Canada has reached an agreement with Jamaica to fly supplies into southern Haiti from there . A senior U.S. military official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said Wednesday that the priorities for aid flights are set "  by the government of Haiti first and then by the U.N. second . " But the number of flights that can land at Port-au-Prince is "  a sheer issue of physics and geometry ; you just ca n't get them all in there . " "  There are great people on the ground , working very , very hard to try and get as much in as they can as fast as they can , and try and keep everybody impressed that we are there to support them . But there are some people that are just not going to be happy because we ca n't get it all , " the official said . The U.S. military has the capability to build dirt runways that rugged cargo planes like the C-130 Hercules can use , but the equipment needed to build those is "  always at a premium , " the official said . The U.S. military has nearly 50 helicopters in the field that can help move supplies around the stricken country , he said .	Doctors Without Borders has blamed five deaths on aid delays Group said air traffic congestion in Port-au-Prince was costing lives on the ground U.S. military obtained landing rights at the Dominican Republic 's air base at San Isidro Canadian troops working to open up an airfield in southern city of Jacmel , Haiti
CNN  -- The world of punditry is divided into two groups : those who attend the World Economic Forum at Davos and those who mock the World Economic Forum at Davos .  There 's a subgroup that both attends and mocks , but it 's tiny . Yet Davos is important , whether you attend or no .  I do n't .  And if Ian Bremmer is right , this year something genuinely encouraging may be happening at the grand global gathering of business leaders , politicians and big-thinking academics . "  As the world struggles to bolster its resilience against economic and political uncertainty , the key risk is the increasing vulnerability of elites . We 're seeing leaders of all kinds , in the developed and developing world , in politics as well as business and media , answering to constituents who grow more dissatisfied ... and information-rich . Look at the riots in India over the recent rape scandal , the U.S. Congress ' abysmal approval ratings or the phone hacking scandal at News Corp. . Corruption , special interests or a lack of transparency will spell trouble for leaders . " Bremmer , a brilliant analyst of the global economy , is a regular Davos participant . He 's recording his impressions of the 2013 conference in a diary for the Huffington Post . If he 's perceiving elite anxiety , one can only say : finally . "  What all the wise men promised has not happened , and what all the damned fools said would happen has come to pass . " So snarked Queen Victoria 's first prime minister , Lord Melbourne . He might have been talking about the euro . Or the securitization of the U.S. mortgage market . Or the British government 's attempt to restore prosperity through budget austerity . Or . Or . Or . Over the past decade and a half , we 've seen one horrendous economic decision after another made , not by voters in democracies , but by people who owed their power to their claims of superior knowledge . Together , they have plunged us into a decade and a half of disasters , culminating in a global financial crisis triggered by new credit instruments that were advertised as ending financial crises once and for all . Cameron at Davos : Focus on trade , taxes , transparency Yet by and large , these leaders have escaped public accountability or even criticism over the past six years of global crisis . The people who designed the euro continue to run the European Central Bank . The people who wrecked the American banking system walked away with multimillion-dollar severance packages . We all know that life 's not fair . But this unfair ? So it 's welcome news that the Davos attenders are suddenly feeling "  vulnerable . " They ought to . Elected leaders can at least be removed by the voters . Not so central bankers , financial regulators , and investment bankers , even though they can  and often do  exercise more power than any elected official . Global CEOs lack confidence in 2013 Bremmer appears to suggest that the correct response to elite vulnerability is more transparency . I do n't think that 's quite right . If banks and regulators were delivering good results , nobody would mind their opaqueness . It 's the bad results that drive the demand for transparency . But that 's not because we really want more transparency . What we really want is more competence and more success and success that benefits the many , rather than lavishly over-rewarding a privileged few even as they ruin everything and everyone around them . According to Bremmer , the theme of this year 's Davos conference is "  Resilient Dynamism . " It would have done better if it had adopted instead the theme , "  We Messed Up . " That would open the way to panels on "  Why We Messed Up " and "  How Not to Do it Again . " More cynical attendees might opt for practical discussions on topics like , "  How to Sound Contrite Even Though You 're Not a Bit Sorry . " It 's probably too much to expect the Davos gathering to feel any real remorse . But if they at least feel fear , that 's a promising start on the way to reform .	David Frum says reports are the elites attending Davos feel vulnerable He says that 's a good sign , given all the harm their decisions have done to the world economy Frum : Bad decisions by those with "  superior knowledge " have caused great harm Frum : He says people are looking to leaders , expecting them to make better decisions
CNN  -- Anger is growing in Mexico over a fire at a government-run day care center that claimed its 46th child this weekend . Maria Jesus Coronado Padilla mourns for her 2-year-old daughter , who died in the Hermosillo fire . Parents of the dead children and their supporters have held two noisy rallies in Hermosillo , the city in northwestern Mexico where the fire broke out June 5 . They blame the government for laxity in enforcing safety regulations , for conducting a weak investigation and for failing to punish anyone in the 10 days since the fatal blaze . "  It is my fault for trusting them , " parent Roberto Zavala said at a rally Saturday in front of the Sonora governor 's office . "  I am responsible for the death of my child . Mr. Governor : Here is one of those responsible you are looking for . Come get me . I am waiting for you . " The rally was televised nationwide by CNN affiliate TV Azteca . "  If there is no justice from the authorities , there will be vengeance from the people , " Zavala shouted to great cheers . The crowd chanted "  renuncia , renuncia "  "  resign , resign "  toward the office of Sonora Gov. Eduardo Bours Castelo . He did not appear at the rally . Bours told CNN on Monday that he understands parents ' anguish but has not heard any calls for his resignation . "  What we are seeing is natural , " he said . "  There are destroyed families . It 's natural that people express their sadness and , in some cases , anger . And there are those who are using this for political purposes . " The investigation , he said , is "  complex and advancing . " Mexican President Felipe Calderon has promised a full investigation . Officials have said an air-conditioning unit in a government-run warehouse in the same building as the ABC day care center caused the fire . The privately owned day care was leased by the government to provide low-cost service to parents . Many prominent Mexicans have joined the parents in saying the government is not doing enough to find out what happened and to punish the responsible parties . "  There are 46 children , and nothing is happening , " said radio and TV commentator Eduardo J. Ruiz-Healy . "  Nobody is responsible . Federal authorities say nothing major happened . There are 46 dead children , and no one will go to jail for it . " Ana Maria Salazar , another TV and radio commentator , also has voiced her anger -- in newspaper columns , on Facebook and on her blogs . Salazar , who lives in Mexico City , grew up in Sonora state and traveled to Hermosillo last week . "  I just returned from Hermosillo , Sonora , " she wrote Wednesday on her blog . "  Sorrow for the death of the -LSB- then -RSB- 44 children is now transforming into outrage . The death of these children has impacted Hermosillo , the state of Sonora and Mexico . " She 's still angry , she told CNN on Monday . "  My concern is that there are 46 children who died in what appears to be negligence and that nobody 's going to be punished , " Salazar said . In addition , she said , the government has not conducted any investigations to see if other day care centers are safe . "  What is unacceptable , " Salazar said , "  is that nothing has been done to make sure this does n't happen again . " The United Nations Children 's Fund 's representative in Mexico , Susana Sottoli , said all day care centers in the nation should be investigated , the state-run Notimex news agency reported Monday . Last week , Mexican Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora said officials had found safety irregularities at the ABC day care center in 2005 . He declined to detail those irregularities but said authorities are investigating if anything was done about them . ABC day care officials denied Monday ever being told of safety problems . Critics point to cozy business relationships between the owners of the ABC day care and government officials . News reports have said one of the co-owners is a cousin of Calderon 's wife . Two state government officials whose wives also are ABC co-owners resigned last week . In all , six officials have resigned or been fired since the blaze . The well-regarded El Universal newspaper published a column and a story Monday taking the government to task . The article says a Universal investigation revealed that family members and political allies of the governor own at least 13 day care centers in Sonora state . The ABC day care is not one of them . Bours , who was elected governor in 2003 , called the article "  malintentioned . " "  Some of my relatives had those -LSB- day care centers -RSB- since before I was governor , " he said . "  This is a low blow by people who want to link one thing with another . " But Ruiz-Healy calls the day care industry in Mexico "  a business run by politicians and politicians ' wives . " And he rails at what he sees as arrogance by government officials , whose actions , he said , have led to "  a total crisis of credibility . " "  There have been a series of events that insult our intelligence , " Ruiz-Healy said . "  The political class is divorced from reality and from the rest of the country . "	Parents , their supporters have rallied in Hermosillo , where fire broke out June 5 They say government did n't enforce safety rules , is conducting weak investigation Sonora governor says investigation is "  complex and advancing " UN representative says all day care centers in Mexico should be investigated
CNN  -- The African Wildlife Foundation is hoping to do some tricky medicine on the world at large . It 's trying to stop the planet 's lungs from collapsing . "  If you think of the world as having two lungs , the Amazon rainforest is one lung , and the Congo Basin forest is the second . It 's a place everyone should be concerned about in a time of climate change , " says Patrick Bergin , the organization 's CEO . The Congo Basin is also home to the bonobo , forest elephants and Congo peacocks -- species whose survival is dependent on that of the surrounding forest . Bergin has launched an innovative program to save the environment , not just the one region , but on the whole African continent -- the cradle of civilization and potentially its ecological safe keeper . Over the next decade , the African Wildlife Foundation is building 15 conservation-themed primary schools in some of Africa 's most remote regions -- areas that are also highly strategic from an environmental standpoint . The schools are designed to be state-of-the-art , built with attractive faculty housing that will hopefully lure some of Africa 's best teachers . In exchange , the organization not only helps to shape young minds to further the cause , but gets written agreement from the local community to set aside a patch of land for conservation purposes -- a stretch that will be free form hunting , logging and unplanned agriculture . "  It 's a bargaining tool , " admits Bergin . " -LSB- These communities -RSB- are rich in land , but poor in cash . We brought in a resource to help build a school , and we barter . " Education in the Bush Bergin notes that when it comes to education in Africa , resources go first to schools in the city , then to those in the surrounding towns . "  Kids that live in the Bush are likely to be deeply disadvantaged , " he says . It is precisely that segment , he argues , that needs access to good schooling to protect the future of the continent . "  When children do not get access to a good education , they 're doomed to a life where exploiting natural resources is the only way to make a livelihood . If you ca n't get a skill or a job that allows you to enter the modern economy , harvesting bush meat , cutting trees -- these are your only options , " he says . Sustainable schooling Construction has already begun on the first school in Ilima , an extremely isolated village in the Democratic Republic of Congo that sits on the corridor between two protected areas . "  We work in a lot of parts of Africa that are remote , but this takes the cake , " says Bergin . Getting there involves a two-day motorized canoe trip from Kinshasa , followed by a five-hour motorcycle ride . What that means is that getting materials in and out of the area can prove troublesome . Architectural firm MASS Design Group has partnered with the African Wildlife Foundation to build the schools . For the Ilima project , it was imperative that the designers used materials that are easy to source and replace . "  If there 's a need to repair or maintain the school 45 years down the road , the community has to be able to do it without depending on materials like steel or cement , which would be hard to locate , " says Andrew Brose , the project manager . Mass Design started by researching not just the materials in the region , but local construction methods . "  We 've found that when you go into remote regions like this , the things people build are already climate-intellegent . They know how to build with rainfall in mind , " says Michael Murphy , CEO of Mass Design . "  We look at how we can adapt and learn from what 's already done quite well in the area . " The school is built primarily from mud bricks and local hardwood . Brose 's team tested different soils and palm oils in the region to find which combination of ingredients would yield the most durable bricks . Factoring in the rainforest climate , which is prone to heavy rains and high heat , the school walls only go up two-thirds of the way to allow for cross breeze . Rain catchments will store water for agricultural uses . "  This building is one of the most sustainable we 've ever built , " says Murphy . A portal to the ` modern economy ' Like Bergin , Murphy views the schools project as a means to really impact the continent . "  Our ambition is to have more systemic change through a better building process . It 's not just a one-off project , " he admits . For starters , Mass Design has trained local craftsmen in its techniques as a way of passing on the baton . "  They could build tens of thousands of schools in the next decade , " says Murphy . "  As the population booms significantly in Africa , there will be a massive demand for low-cost , rural school construction . "	The African Wildlife Foundation is building conservation schools in rural Africa It barters with local communities for land to protect Partnered with MASS Design , it is bringing better schools to the Bush
CNN  -- An official national day of mourning in South Africa on Thursday , called by President Jacob Zuma to memorialize the lives of dozens of miners mowed down in a police fusillade one week ago , turned into an opportunity by his critics to call for his ouster . While government leaders urged restraint , and religious figures prayed for redemption , the embattled president 's opponents exploited an opening created by the tragedy to portray his government -- and trade unions allied with Zuma -- as pawns of foreign , white owners . These attacks , lodged in several cases by former allies , threatened to reset the terms of labor organizing , radicalize the tone of political debate , and heighten the chances that the president will be ousted by his own political party at the African National Congress '  ANC  national conference next December . What began as a localized labor dispute , in other words , morphed in the wake of memorial services for the dead , into a volatile , ongoing national crisis . The catastrophe at Marikana placed a harsh spotlight both upon what has changed in South African life since the ANC was voted into power 18 years ago -- in the unprecedented response of the head of state to the crisis -- and also what has remained painfully unchanged . Generations of relatively low-paid black men are still forced to migrate long distances from home in order to take up the most difficult and dangerous kinds of jobs . Miners are still drawn into mining towns where a kind of frontier spirit prevails . Injuries are common and unforgiving , and the salaries earned by a single worker often support up to 20 family members who are unemployed , according to the federation of trade unions . Increasingly , the working poor have begun turning against traditional unions , like the National Union of Mineworkers , which is allied with the national federation , COSATU , in turn part of the ANC coalition . Little wonder , under these circumstances , that Zuma 's studied and measured approach to the crisis has inspired so little confidence among the strikers themselves . The strength of anti-ANC agitation in Marikana will keep labor and party leaders up at night because they know their history : Back in the 1980s , massive strikes by miners helped fuel a mass insurrection that led to the end of apartheid . After the mine shootings , the cause of widespread shock and dismay was readily apparent , and the raw feelings were steadily reinforced around the clock by video taken from the scene . The stunning images of the shootings , captured from different angles by various outlets , kept public outrage alive . The video showed the final minutes of a standoff between police and strikers , which ended in the fusillade that ended the lives of 34 protestors and seriously wounded 78 others . What 's behind the Marikana massacre ? They were protesters at Lonmin 's Marikana platinum mine , located 60 miles  about 100 km  northwest of Johannesburg , and the shooting constituted the worst mass killing by police since apartheid ended . In the days after the tragedy , police spokesmen insisted that officers were forced by a charging mass of strikers to fire in order to defend themselves . It was difficult to view the footage without wondering why police had launched teargas at strikers on the hilltop where they had assembled , forcing them to scatter in a funnel in the direction of officers gathered below the hill when their weapons were loaded with live ammunition and set for automatic fire . The impact of the footage , played in regular loops on local television broadcasts , made it difficult for Zuma to assert his authority . He quickly returned from a trip in neighboring Mozambique to visit Marikana twice in a matter of days , dispatched nine of his ministers to assist survivors and their families with burials among other actions and swiftly appointed a Judicial Commission of Inquiry to thoroughly examine the causes and lessons of the tragedy . "  We are in control of the situation , " he said . Even as the president made pains to express a sense of grief and dismay , and call for calm , however , his opponents sharpened their attacks on him as a leader out of touch with workers and the poor , the key constituency in his rise to power five years ago . At worship services near the site of the police shootings on Thursday , the ceremony began with a plea from Archbishop Thabo Makgoba for no one to use the tragedy for narrow political interests . By the end of the service , Cabinet ministers had been forced to flee the venue , while speakers called on the president to resign . Julius Malema , former leader of the ANC 's youth wing and a former Zuma ally , took the podium to pin responsibility for the catastrophe on the president . "  This massacre was committed under his supervision , " Malema insisted . He slammed the ANC , from which he was expelled earlier in the year , and pressed the case for nationalization of South Africa 's mines . The stakes in the unfolding national debate about who was responsible for the tragedy , and who should pay the price , could not be higher , not just for the president 's political survival but for South Africa 's economic health and stability as well . Platinum is the new gold in a country where mining provides 20 percent of GDP . Though South Africa has the world 's largest reserves of this precious and rare metal , which is used in everything from catalytic converters and electrodes to jewelry , it is found in deep shafts that are difficult , dangerous and costly to operate . Against this backdrop , government officials sought to reassure workers that they would maintain their party 's historic "  bias towards the poor , " while not scaring off international investors wary of an industry prone to wildcat strikes . The strikers at Lonmin Marikana mine were rock drill operators who had broken away from the National Union of Mineworkers in favor of a more militant independent union , and wildcats strikes across the industry are increasingly common . A spokesman for the Chamber of Mines was at pains to point out that 95 % of mines in the country were operating normally yesterday . In the recent past , national leaders paid a price for crossing labor . In 2008 , the ANC instructed President Thabo Mbeki to resign his office , largely as a result of organizing on behalf of Zuma , who was backed by the labor federation as a "  son of the soil " who promised to close the gap between the government and its people . If party leaders conclude , in the wake of the Marikana mass killing , that only a change at the top can convince ANC 's core constituencies that the party of liberation -- now the party of government -- still represents the interests of workers and the poor , Zuma will be shown the door . That is the way the wheel turns in a country where the advent of political liberation has not yet produced greater equality or material freedom . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Foster .	Police shootings at mine test Zuma , governing ANC political party 18 years after apartheid , not much has changed economically for migrants Increasingly , working poor are turning against traditional ANC-allied unions
CNN  -- A federal appeals court on Monday affirmed a previous injunction of Arizona 's controversial immigration law , another setback for legislation that has drawn sharp opposition from President Barack Obama 's administration . In its ruling , a three-judge panel on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit sided with the U.S. Justice Department and against Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , who signed the measure known as SB 1070 into law last year . Among other things , this legislation would have required local law enforcement in Arizona to apprehend and help deport illegal immigrants . The Obama administration sued , arguing that only the federal government has that authority . That lawsuit led to U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton 's decision last July , which temporarily blocked the law 's most contested parts just a day before they were scheduled to go into effect . That included the requirement that local police officers should check a person 's immigration status while enforcing other laws . Monday 's decision came more than five months after both sides presented their cases in San Francisco to the federal appeals court judges . The ruling was written by federal Judge Richard Anthony Paez and supported in full by Judge John Noonan . Judge Carlos Bea partially concurred and partially dissented from the ruling opinion . "  We hold that the district court did not abuse its discretion , " the ruling states . "  Therefore , we affirm the district court 's preliminary injunction order enjoining these certain provisions of SB 1070 . " Arizona 's governor and attorney general will now consider "  their legal options , " according to a statement , including possibly an immediate petition to the U.S. Supreme Court . Brewer claimed Monday in this statement that the latest decision "  does harm to the safety and well-being of Arizonans who suffer the negative effects of illegal immigration . " "  For decades , the federal government has neglected its constitutional duty to American citizens by failing to secure the border , " she said . "  States like Arizona have borne the brunt of that failure . " Those on the other side of the issue , including key figures in Arizona 's immigrant community , applauded the ruling . ` What this decision says is that Governor Brewer is wrong , " Lydia Guzman of Somos America , an activist group focused on promoting social justice and equal rights for immigrant communities in Arizona , told reporters Monday . "  This decision shows a victory on the side of justice and it shows that civil rights prevails . " The ruling is the biproduct of a lawsuit filed by the Justice Department that challenged six of the Arizona law 's provisions , meaning other parts of the law went into effect in July . That includes a ban on "  sanctuary cities " : municipalities with laws or policies that render them relatively safe for undocumented immigrants . Bolton 's ruling also allowed a provision making it illegal to hire day laborers if doing so impedes traffic . In addition , the ruling allowed parts of the law dealing with sanctions for employers who hire illegal immigrants . Republican lawmakers , Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio and other state governments were among those filing briefs with the appeals court supporting Arizona 's argument . The Mexican government , the Anti-Defamation League , the American Immigration Lawyers Association and the city of Tucson , Arizona , were among those filing briefs supporting the Justice Department 's side . In its lawsuit , the Justice Department challenged only six of the Arizona law 's provisions , meaning others went into effect in July . That includes a ban on "  sanctuary cities " : municipalities with laws or policies that render them relatively safe for undocumented immigrants . Bolton 's ruling also allowed a provision making it illegal to hire day laborers if doing so impedes traffic . In addition , the ruling allowed parts of the law dealing with sanctions for employers who hire illegal immigrants . The decision Monday sides with the U.S. Justice Department , largely on the argument that federal immigration policy would be greatly undermined -- as might America 's standing in the world -- if individual states adopted their own separate immigration laws . Doing so , the ruling contends , equates to a given state adopting its own foreign policy , one that may be in opposition to national policy . "  That 50 individual states or one individual state should have a foreign policy is absurdity too gross to be entertained . In matters affecting the intercourse of the federal nation with other nations , the federal nation must speak with one voice , " the ruling says . Brewer , along with Attorney General Tom Horne , on Monday said the appeals court relied too much on testimony from "  foreign governments , " calling it wrong to give such nations "  the de facto right to veto the duly-enacted laws of a sovereign state of the United States . " In his partial dissent -- which represents his opinion , but does not equate to law -- Bea contended that local and state officers do have a role in addressing federal immigration laws . "  Congress intended that state officers be free to inquire of the federal officers into the immigration status of any person , without any direction or supervision of such federal officers -- and the federal officers ` shall respond ' to any such inquiry , " he writes . In February , Brewer announced that Arizona had filed a countersuit against the federal government , seeking the authority to implement its own border security efforts . At that time , Homeland Security Department spokesman Matt Chandler called Arizona 's court claim a "  meritless " one that "  does nothing to secure the border . "	NEW : An immigrant activist says , "  This decisions says ... Gov. Brewer is wrong " Brewer says the ruling harms "  the safety and well-being of Arizonans " U.S. appeals court judges on Monday affirm an earlier ruling on Arizona 's SB 1070 That ruling had blocked key provisions of the law , just before they became law
Jinan , China  CNN  -- Fallen Chinese Communist Party heavyweight Bo Xilai kept up his vigorous defense against corruption charges Friday in China 's most politically sensitive trial in decades . Bo 's glittering career , in which he drew admirers and detractors for his populist policies , fell apart last year amid a scandal involving murder , betrayal and financial skullduggery . His high profile and connections among the nation 's ruling elite have made his case -- with its tales of greed and wrongdoing by a top official and his family -- an extremely delicate matter for Chinese authorities . It 's taken more than a year , during which time the Communist Party underwent a major leadership change , to bring him to trial . Timeline : Bo 's fall from grace Many observers had expected proceedings to stick closely to a preplanned script , seeing the trial 's outcome as the result of a political deal struck between Bo and China 's top leaders . But as he often did in his political career , Bo has so far stolen the show , mounting a robust attack on the prosecution 's case and ridiculing witnesses ' testimony . That has left China watchers trying to figure out how far he 's veered off script . Bo calls wife ` insane ' He began his counterattack after the trial opened Thursday amid tight security in the eastern city of Jinan . He said he had made an earlier confession to party investigators "  unwillingly " and described testimony by a former associate as "  an ugly performance by a person who sold his soul . " He continued his offensive Friday , calling his imprisoned wife "  insane " after the court was shown video testimony in which she implicated him in a murky property deal in the South of France . Bo , 64 , is on trial on charges of bribery , embezzlement and abuse of power . Journalists from the international news media have n't been allowed inside the courtroom . But the court 's official microblog account has delivered updates on developments inside , attracting more than 350,000 followers on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like service . CNN has n't been able to verify precisely how accurate and comprehensive the court 's version of proceedings has been . But many observers have interpreted it as a reasonably close , albeit filtered , account . Court adjourned for the day Friday and will resume at 8:30 a.m. Saturday . An ` eloquent ' defense "  In my view , Bo Xilai has decided not to cooperate , but not completely . Because he did not go too far to condemn other leaders or reveal some other problems , " said Cheng Li , a China expert at the Brookings Institution . The prosecutors were "  terrible , " Li said , while Bo was "  clear , focused , articulate and eloquent . " His courtroom display appears to have been striking enough to prompt a personal attack against him on the website of the People 's Daily , the official Communist Party newspaper . "  Bo Xilai 's righteous and forceful performance in court makes one marvel at his superb acting and lying skills , " the op-ed article said , citing an unidentified "  media personality who attended the trial . " "  His cunning arguments are only going to prove his extremely poor character and not going to help him evade punishment under law , " the article quoted the person as saying . Conviction still seen as likely Although the effectiveness of Bo 's performance so far does n't mean the court will acquit him , it may make it tougher for it to mete out a heavy sentence . The conviction rate for criminal trials and their appeals in China -- where the party controls police , prosecution and courts -- stood at 99.9 % in 2010 , a U.S. State Department report cited the Supreme People 's Court as saying . "  Of course he will be convicted , otherwise it would be disastrous , " Li said . "  But the sentencing now ca n't be very severe because of the nature of the charge and how poorly they 've conducted this trial . " It remains to be seen if the prosecutors ' performance improves as the case continues . China leaves nothing to chance for Bo Xilai ` trial of the century ' Flaws revealed Much of the fallout from the Bo scandal came before the trial opened . "  The Bo case has revealed the fundamental flaws of the political system and the widespread phenomenon of corruption and power abuse , " Li said . Members of the Chinese leadership , including President Xi Jinping , have described corruption as an existential threat to the Communist Party . But they have so far been reluctant to pursue it too aggressively . Analysts say that is largely because it is so rampant . Bo 's case might have been a chance to make an example of a senior official . But his trial so far suggests that top leaders are unwilling to delve too deeply or punish him too severely . "  The leadership wants to move forward . They want to put it behind them and move onto other issues , " Li said . "  That strategy , although it 's rational , will probably not resonate very well -- you leave some potential problems for the future as they fail to use the case to consolidate and uplift public confidence in the legal system . " A dramatic downfall Bo is a princeling , a term that refers to the children of revolutionary veterans who boast of political connections and influence . His late father , Bo Yibo , was a revolutionary contemporary of Mao Zedong and former leader Deng Xiaoping . Over the past three decades , Bo rose to power as a city mayor , provincial governor , minister of commerce and member of the Politburo , the powerful policymaking body of the Communist Party . A charismatic and urbane politician , Bo was credited with a spectacular , albeit brutal , crackdown on organized crime during his time as the top party official of Chongqing , a metropolis in southwestern China . But when his deputy , Wang Lijun , walked into the U.S. Consulate in the city of Chengdu in February of last year and told American diplomats that Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , was an accomplice in a murder case , a glittering political career began to unravel . Wang 's move precipitated Bo 's political demise . Soon after news of the events began to emerge , Bo was removed from his party posts . A court found Gu guilty last year of murdering British businessman Neil Heywood in a Chongqing hotel room in 2011 . A family employee , Zhang Xiaojun , was also convicted in the killing and sentenced to nine years in prison . The following month , Wang was convicted of bending the law for selfish ends , defection , abuse of power and bribe-taking . He received a 15-year prison sentence . Dispute over a villa Bo 's trial is seen as a potentially concluding chapter in the scandal . Authorities have n't said how long it will last . But with only part of the charges addressed so far , it appears it could go on for longer than the two days some observers had predicted . Some of the testimony Friday concerned accusations that Bo was complicit in a complex deal Gu carried out to buy a villa in Cannes , France . A dispute over ownership of the villa resulted in a falling out with Heywood , Gu said . In her video testimony , Gu said that Bo was aware that the purchase of the villa had been funded by Xu Ming , a businessman in the northeastern port city of Dalian , where Bo was once mayor . But Bo contested her accusation that he knew how the villa was paid for and poured scorn on her reliability as a witness . "  What 's the credibility of Gu Kailai 's testimony ? She has changed , she is insane , and she often tells lies , " he said . "  She has been under severe pressure from the investigators to turn me in . " Three indictments Under the bribery indictment , prosecutors accuse Bo of using his political posts to secure influence for others . They say that between 2000 and 2012 , Bo , Gu and their son , Bo Guagua , received about 22 million renminbi  $ 3.6 million  in bribes from Xu and another Dalian businessman , Tang Xiaolin . The embezzlement charge alleges that Bo and Gu transferred 5 million renminbi of public money from a construction project in Dalian to a private account through a law firm in Beijing . And the abuse of power indictment relates to Bo 's actions after he was informed about his wife 's involvement in the killing of Heywood and Wang 's attempted defection to the United States . Bo Xilai trial : Son Bo Guagua hopes father can ` answer his critics ' CNN 's David McKenzie and Steven Jiang reported from Jinan . Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . K.J. Kwon and Jaime A. FlorCruz in Beijing contributed to this report .	NEW : Court adjourns for the day and will resume Saturday Bo describes his jailed wife as "  insane " after watching her video testimony The former top official has mounted a tough defense against bribery charges An article in state-run media talks of Bo 's "  lying skills "
Saudi Arabia may block access to popular Internet messaging applications like Skype , Viber and WhatsApp if telecommunication providers there do n't comply with rules and regulatory conditions , according to the country 's official news agency , SPA . A statement from Saudi Arabia 's Communications and Information Technology Commission released via SPA read , "  The Commission emphasizes that it will take appropriate action regarding these applications and services in the event of failure to meet those conditions . " The statement did not address how the applications in question -- which allow Internet users to communicate with each other via text messages and voice calls -- were violating any rules , but it did highlight the need for service providers in the country to quickly "  work with the developers of these applications to meet regulatory requirements . " Sunday 's announcement came in response to local media reports last week claiming the CITC , the country 's telecommunications regulator , had asked Saudi telecom companies to allow the government to monitor those applications and had given them until Saturday to respond . Despite repeated attempts , CNN was unable to reach the CITC or any of Saudi Arabia 's three mobile providers  Saudi Telecom Co. , Zain Group and Mobily  for comment . Sunday 's move was met with derision by many Saudi social media users . "  The sense that I get is weariness , " said Eman Al-Nafjan , one of Saudi Arabia 's most prominent bloggers , while describing the online reaction she 's encountered so far . "  A shrugging shoulders -- as if it 's typical . " "  I 'm not angry , just a little surprised that the Saudi government has n't advanced beyond this type of tactic , " added Al-Nafjan , who tweets as Saudiwoman . "  I thought that they were better able to do this without resorting to have to threaten banning applications . " Still , Al-Nafjan told CNN she 's not surprised by the timing of the announcement . "  I believe a big part of the reason why this is happening ... is because lots of demonstrations that were organized in Saudi Arabia were done through the use of WhatsApp , " explained Al-Nafjan , citing recent small-scale demonstrations calling for the release of political prisoners . In Saudi Arabia , an absolute monarchy , protests are prohibited . Sixty percent of the country 's population is under the age of 30 and Internet usage there is soaring . "  A lot of human rights activists that communicate in Saudi Arabia do so using WhatsApp , " added Al-Nafjan . "  And women 's rights movement members are communicating using WhatsApp . " Al-Nafjan said Saudi activists felt safer communicating using applications like WhatsApp and Skype , as they are encrypted . According to Christopher Davidson , author of the book "  After the Sheikhs : The Coming Collapse of the Gulf Monarchies , " the Saudi government has grown increasingly concerned about the rising tide of dissent being expressed by Saudi online activists of late . Davidson explained Saudi authorities would be looking for a way to monitor these applications because they are "  prime examples of modernizing technologies which can not be co-opted and controlled by national governments and their security apparatus . " "  In the past we 've had these voice-to-voice networks being blocked , " said Davidson . "  Sometimes for economic reasons , trying to protect state telecommunications monopolies . And that 's certainly been an issue in the past -- the blocking of Skype in some of the Gulf monarchies . But now I think it 's quite clear ... that it 's the social and political use of this media that 's most alarming . " For Al-Nafjan , the move is a "  waste of time . " "  People will know it 's not safe and move to another application , " said Al-Nafjan . "  The same thing happened with BlackBerry . " Saudi authorities threatened to ban BlackBerry service in the kingdom in 2010 , accusing the company of not complying with regulations . The CITC demanded the company install local servers so the service could be censored . An agreement was eventually reached but it is not known what steps were taken by the manufacturer of the Canadian smartphone in order to do so . "  People who are aware know that it 's not that big of a deal even if these applications are blocked , " explained Al-Nafjan . "  The issue is if they ban the Internet or if they do n't provide Internet sevices . As long as the Internet is available , there 's no way that they can end freedom of speech -- it 's gone beyond the point of no return . "	Saudi communications regulation agency threatens to block apps like Skype , WhatsApp Agency says the apps must comply with rules , but does n't say what rules they 're breaking Reports last week said telecoms were asked to let government monitor communications A Saudi blogger says the move may be because the apps are used to organize protests
Over the last 20 years , the narrative on the African continent has shifted from Afro-pessimism to Afro-optimism . The truth lies somewhere in between . Now is the time for Afro-realism : for sound policies based on honest data , aimed at delivering results . The potential of our continent is huge . Compared to developed countries , or even to some major emerging countries , burdened by aging populations , financial crises , widening budget deficits , faltering faith in politics and growing social demands , Africa has become the world 's last "  New Frontier " , a kind of "  it-continent " . By the end of this century , half of the world 's young people will be African . Twenty years from now , by 2035 , Africa 's working age population will exceed that of China or India . Youth is our major resource . But our continent also harbors most of the world 's proven mineral reserves : 95 % of platinum , over 75 % of phosphate , 60 % of diamonds , nearly half of cobalt and chromium , more than a quarter of bauxite . Diamonds aside , 90 % of this huge potential remains untapped . In a world of growing food demand , Africa is home to two-thirds of the world 's unexploited arable land . Its solar , water , wind and nuclear energy potential are considerable . Already , over the last 10 years , Africa 's overall GDP growth has reached an annual average of 5.4 % ; more than four times the European Union average . In 2012 , 16 African countries experienced GDP growth in excess of 5 % . The latest iteration of the Ibrahim Index of African Governance shows that 94 % of the population of the continent is now living in a country where the overall level of governance has improved since 2000 . All of this is promising -- but we are still a long way from realizing our potential . Let us first stop talking about "  Africa " as a homogeneous and uniform whole . We are a mosaic of 54 countries , each with its own flag , its own borders , and its own embassies . The African Union , whose 50th anniversary we have just celebrated , is still a long way from European-style Union , with its common market , single currency , supra-national political bodies and common and shared budget . And the road to convergence between the 54 countries is a long one . Without effective economic and political regional integration , we will not carry sufficient weight in this globalized world , no matter how much "  potential " we may have . Only unity , coherence , and internal solidarity will allow us to assert ourselves on the global stage . The building blocks to effective integration are not political declarations , expansive Heads of State Summits or our presence and commitments at impressive multilateral gatherings . The building blocks are the free movement of people , goods and financial resources between our countries . This is the way Europe was built . As we approach Africa with an Afro-realist view , the progress made over the past decade must be understood in a nuanced fashion . The major regional conflicts of the former century have mostly ended . However , the dawn of the new century has also seen a rise in social tension , domestic unrest , and trans-national problems . Terrorist networks have gained geographical ground and widened their operating sectors , often in direct association with large , cross-border criminal networks . Young people are becoming the demographic majority . They are receiving better education than their elders . But they are also more unemployed and out of step with the demands of the global labor market . They are also feeling increasingly disconnected from the political process and devoid of economic prospects -- a trend reflected in the rise in the trafficking and consumption of drugs on the continent . Impressive economic growth is taking place all over the continent . However this coincides with a worrying rise in inequality , which deepens the divisions between countries and within them . Africa has a vast reservoir of natural resources . But to leverage this , and guarantee ownership of the African citizens , much remains to be done : ensuring transparency of contracts , creating local jobs , upgrading the value chain and redistributing wealth . Today , 90 % of Nigeria 's oil is still being exported from the continent , while just 25 % of the sub-Saharan population has access to electricity . We must focus less on international support and more on African unity . While the Marshall Plan was important for Europe 's recovery , Europe 's prosperity was really built on economic integration and policy coherence . Moving from international aid to foreign investment is progress , but it is not enough . We must move towards increasing continental investments on the continent . We must prioritize regional integration ; the reduction of inequality between and within countries ; the employment of our young people and the governance of our natural resources . Our continent has secured its political independence . It is time now to build our autonomy . READ THIS : How access to power can fuel Africa 's growth READ THIS : Innovator calls African diaspora to return	Mo Ibrahim says Africa has become a kind of "  it-continent " However , Africa is still a long way from realizing its potential Recently there has been a rise in social tension , domestic unrest , and transnational issues He calls for effective economic and political regional integration
Editor 's note : Burton Wides served as chief counsel to Sens. Ted Kennedy , Phil Hart and Paul Sarbanes and special counsel for President Carter . He now works as a pro bono private counsel on civil rights and human rights issues . Former Kennedy aide Burton Wides says the senator had a zest for politics and an appetite for hard work . CNN  -- For half a century , Ted Kennedy was the most prolific senator on the political scene , making major strides in civil rights , civil liberties , education , human rights abroad , arms control , good government and of course health care . You name it , he was there -- and in the lead . To some tabloid readers , he was largely a spoiled Kennedy playboy . To his colleagues and staff who watched him up close year after year , and to millions of Americans who saw him fighting on so many fronts , he was a committed champion of equality , justice , peace and protection of those in need . How did he do it ? With incredibly long hours , amazing energy and hard work , coupled with a zest for politics -- in the best sense -- and legendary legislative mastery acquired over the years . His staff knew that when he was starting an initiative , his first priority instinctively was to win over as staunch a conservative as he could find to be his partner and original co-sponsor . It worked so many times . Sometimes , he would leave an evening event where he was the honoree before it had ended . The next day , a cynical scribe might note that shortly after receiving his award , "  Kennedy bugged out early . " I knew that the senator had gone home to be able to help his son with homework or put him to bed , and then had begun a late-night briefing with staff to prepare for an important hearing the next morning . Finally , over a life of personal trials and tribulations , Kennedy had developed great "  empathy " -- a word recently much maligned , but all-important in the Senate 's staid , marble halls . He had endured the physical and emotional pain that enabled him to feel the pain of illness , discrimination or disability endured by others . You could see that he did , as he gently helped a tearful witness through difficult testimony at a Senate hearing . Kennedy knew well that on Capitol Hill you tried for a full loaf , sometimes took half of one and , if necessary , you planted the flag , took a slice and came back another day for more . But he also remembered Frederick the Great 's admonition : "  L'audace , toujours l'audace  boldness , always boldness .  " The 1965 Voting Rights Act , the crown jewel of modern civil rights laws , revolutionized America . In small Mississippi towns and elsewhere in the South where African-Americans once feared walking past the sheriff 's office , they now may be the elected sheriff , mayor or state senator . The same is true for Hispanics in parts of the Southwest . The Act 's two main parts are Section 2 and Section 5 . Section 2 is a permanent , nationwide prohibition against electoral discrimination . Section 5 requires preclearance by the U.S. attorney general of election law changes in jurisdictions covered by the provision . From the beginning , Section 5 was controversial and was set to expire in 1982 . In 1980 , however , a Supreme Court ruling had gutted the equally important Section 2 with a statutory misinterpretation . Kennedy had to decide which section to save . The nation 's civil rights coalition urged him to go for both . Many Democrats warned that trying to preserve both was a bridge too far and that Kennedy would risk losing everything . After much debate , and uncertainty , he firmly decided to go for broke , and "  ran the table . " Section 5 was preserved for another 25 years , while the statutory clarification of Section 2 , combined with the 1990 census , dramatically increased the number of minority members of Congress . Kennedy was interested in results . At the outset of Watergate , long before it became a constant headline , he and his staff started the Senate investigations , fully apace with the Washington Post , and unearthed the "  dirty tricks project " of the 1972 Campaign . But he came to realize that a Kennedy was not the most appropriate person to chair hearings on the Nixon White House and supported Majority Leader Mike Mansfield 's creation of the select "  Ervin Committee " to finish the job . Kennedy 's intense pursuit of the causes he championed was matched by his fabled sense of humor . I enjoyed both his huge store of anecdotes and his gentle barbs , except when I was the target . Sitting in the back of the Senate chamber behind him and Sens. Edmund Muskie , Walter Mondale , Eugene McCarthy and Phil Hart while they regaled each other with the foibles of Washington was a treat that helped lighten the often tense atmosphere of debate on heated issues . Occasionally , he missed the humor in the situation , especially if advance work for his events was n't up to his standards . I remember Kennedy rebuking Bob Shrum , his speechwriter , and me for running late as he weaved through traffic from his suburban home to an interview by civil rights leader and radio host James Farmer . Shrum kept assuring him that the interview would be prerecorded and could be taped whenever they got there . Then , at a stoplight , a cabbie leaned out his window and yelled : "  Hey Ted , you 're late . They 're all waiting for you . " It turned out that , because Kennedy had been in the news a lot , Farmer had decided to do the interview live on his daily show . Needless to say , Kennedy did not laugh . Superseding these and many other recollections of Kennedy the senator is my vivid memory of him as a person uniquely able to distract and comfort others in distress . On time stands out . When my first Senate boss , Phil Hart , was in the last stages of his battle with cancer , Kennedy spent hours by his side offering humor , Irish tales and Senate banter almost endlessly , as Chris Dodd and many others have now done for him . Hopefully , we will see his like again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Burton Wides .	Burton Wides : In the tabloids , Ted Kennedy was viewed as a playboy He says the reality is that he worked very hard on his legislative agenda He says Kennedy 's adroit work saved the Voting Rights Act Wides : Kennedy knew there was a time for compromise -- and for boldness
EW.com  -- Perhaps it 's just the nature of the cycles of pop music , but does n't it seem like Britney Spears has been gone for a while ? Her last album , "  Femme Fatale , " came out in 2011 , but for some reason it seems like she 's been missing in action for twice that time . Regardless , Brit is back with a vengeance . Her new album 's first single and video , "  Work B *** h , " has already dropped , and yesterday she revealed that the new collection , which will be out December 3 , is called "  Britney Jean . " Before you go assuming that she 's making some sort of awesome meta-allusion to Michael Jackson 's "  Billie Jean , " just know that "  Jean " is actually Spears ' given middle name . Call the governor , Britney Spears lives fancy in ` Work B *** h ' "  It 's a personal album , and all my family , they all call me Britney Jean , it 's like a term of endearment , and I just wanted to share that with my fans , " she told London 's Capital FM yesterday . Other details are relatively scarce , though we do know that Will.i.am is serving as executive producer and that "  Work B *** h " does n't necessarily represent the album as a whole . Is Britney Spears ' ` Work B *** h ' video too sexual ? Director weighs in "  That song is a reflection of Britney moreso than the album , " Will told Billboard . "  The album is what the album is , but we felt that song needed to come out to keep the foundation on what Britney represents . But it should n't reflect the album $ " an album is a body of work as a collective . If we had to pick a song like , ` Oh , what song fits every color of the record , ' you should n't do that ... We felt that song represents ` Piece of Me , ' that Britney oomph . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Britney Spears ' new album will be called "  Britney Jean " "  Jean " is Spears ' real middle name , and her family calls her "  Britney Jean " Spears : "  It 's a personal album ... and I wanted to share that with my fans " "  Britney Jean " is due to arrive December 3
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho 's imminent return to Chelsea appears to be the worst-kept secret in world football -- and the English Premier League has already jumped the gun by announcing his reappointment before a deal has been done . The EPL 's website published a story on Sunday , dated Monday , with the headline "  Jose Mourinho makes Chelsea return . " Its subheader read : "  Portuguese coach back at Stamford Bridge after signing a XX-year contract . " The story was taken down , and the EPL issued a statement apologizing to Chelsea -- which is searching for a new manager following the departure of interim coach Rafael Benitez . "  It was a publishing error . We took it down as soon as we were notified of it , and we 've spoken to and apologized to Chelsea , " it said . "  We have no prior knowledge of any movement or any announcement . " Chelsea has made no comment . Mourinho 's final game in charge of Real Madrid was Saturday 's 4-2 win over Osasuna , which left the Spanish club in second place in La Liga -- 15 points behind Barcelona . The 50-year-old did not talk to reporters after the match , though he did an interview with Spanish television in which he denied omitting goalkeeper Iker Casillas and defender Pepe -- with whom he has had public disputes -- and top scorer Cristiano Ronaldo for any other reason than they were not fit enough to play . Last month he described this season as the worst in his career after losing the Spanish Cup final to Atletico Madrid , meaning no trophy for Real in 2012-13 . "  I wish everyone associated with Real Madrid much happiness in the future , " he said in a statement on Friday . "  I appreciate the support of lots of fans and respect the criticism of others . Once again , a lot of happiness to everyone and , above all , good health . Hala Madrid ! " Mourinho officially joined Chelsea on June 2 , 2004 -- the EPL website ran an archive feature on Sunday -- and dubbed himself "  the Special One " after having led Porto to the European title the previous season . He was unable to take Chelsea to the Champions League final , but guided the club to two successive EPL titles -- its first English championship successes since 1955 . After falling out with Chelsea 's Russian owner Roman Abramovich in 2007 , Mourinho joined Inter Milan the following season and won two successive Italian Serie A titles and the Champions League in 2010 . He was then courted by Real with the goal of ending the club 's long wait for a record-extending 10th European title , but despite winning La Liga in his second season Madrid fell three times at the semifinal stage of the Champions League and his relationship with key Spanish players such as Casillas deteriorated . As in Italy , he had a prickly time with the local press -- who took every opportunity to publish stories about dressing-room unrest at the Santiago Bernabeu . Real announced last month that he would be leaving , despite having signed a contract extension until 2016 . While Mourinho might have departed , the man who hired him will stay in charge of the club for the next few years . Incumbent Florentino Perez was the only candidate put forward for Real 's presidential elections , it was announced Sunday , and the 66-year-old will be officially confirmed in the role on Tuesday . Perez was first president from 2000-06 , a period when Real last won the Champions League , and returned three years later as he continued his policy of signing the world 's best players -- the so-called "  Galacticos . "	English Premier League apologizes to Chelsea after publishing a story about Jose Mourinho EPL website reported that Mourinho has returned to Stamford Bridge after leaving Real Madrid The story was later taken down and the EPL insists it has no prior knowledge of his return Real Madrid president Florentino Perez will continue in the role for the next four years
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Colleges are n't getting any cheaper , but federal student loans are . Students who graduate with college loan debt can use a repayment plan that will give lower monthly payments . Millions of borrowers will get a better deal on their student loans based on federal rules that went into effect Wednesday . Lower interest rates and loan forgiveness in some cases are some of the rules that will make borrowing cheaper for many students . Also among the rules : an income-based repayment program that considers income and family size . The program allows borrowers to set their monthly loan payment at 15 percent of their annual adjusted gross income . Under the traditional 10-year plan , a borrower who graduated with $ 25,000 in student loan debt and whose income is $ 30,000 a year would pay $ 288 a month at an interest rate of 6.8 percent , according to the the Department of Education 's Web site . Now , the student could opt for payments of $ 172 a month spread over a longer time . Borrowers can apply the plan to their remaining loan amount as of Wednesday . Single borrowers who earn less than $ 16,245 -- the poverty level -- would not be required to make any payments on their federal loans as long as their income remained that low . Payments would be significantly lower under the income-based plan , but loans would take longer than the standard 10 years to repay . That could increase overall interest costs for borrowers . Proponents argue that for some it is well worth the tradeoff by making lower-paying jobs more appealing . "  Just imagine all those people that went to college and had expectations of a good job market and now it 's not so hot , " said Deputy Undersecretary Bob Shireman of the U.S. Department of Education . "  This provides a kind of safety net , helps give them some assurance that they 'll be OK , and that they 'll even be OK if they go into lower paying jobs . " For students who eyed public service as a career but thought the salary underwhelming , a loan forgiveness option for public sector workers might inspire some . Borrowers who work for 10 years in a public service job , such as public school education or the military , will have the remainder of their federal loans forgiven after that decade ends . Graduates must pay monthly loan bills during those 10 years and can use the income-based plan to lock in lower payments . The government counts work from October 2 , 2007 onward , Shireman said . Thus , the earliest a borrower can have loans forgiven is October 2 , 2017 . Also providing relief to borrowers are a lowered interest rate , increase in Pell Grants for current students and a reduced loan origination fee . The government cut the interest rate from 6 percent to 5.6 percent . Payouts of Pell Grants , which allow students to borrow less , increased by $ 619 to $ 5,350 for the 2009-2010 school year . Loan origination fees decreased from 2 percent to 1.5 percent and will fall to 1 percent next July , Shireman said . Congressional Democrats pushed the income-based plan , public service program and decrease in loan interest rates , all signed into law by former President George W. Bush under the College Cost Reduction and Access Act . President Obama 's stimulus bill supported the increase in Pell Grants . Last year , the government gave out about $ 80 billion in student loans to more than 7 million students . CNN 's Khadijah Rentas and Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	Changes include lower interest rates , income-based repayment program Borrowers who take public sector jobs can have part of loan forgiven Bush administration law includes Pell Grant increases from Obama
CNN  Could it get any cuter than seal pup kisses ? The U.S. Geological Survey and the U.S. Department of Interior this week shared a photo of a Weddell seal nuzzling up to what looked to be its mom in Erebus Bay , Antarctica . The expression of the mother is priceless . The photo was taken in October by USGS scientist William Link . Link , a statistician , was helping researchers tag newborn seal pups . He confirmed Friday that the adult seal was the baby 's mom . It 's hard to know what she was thinking when her baby nuzzled up to her in this photo , but Link said the animals flare their noses when disturbed , "  so this Mom was pretty relaxed , " Link told CNN Friday . "  I have a great shot a few seconds later where Mom yawned hugely . She looked utterly content , to me . " The agency 's public affairs department had asked scientists for interesting images to post on social media . As the Instagram caption notes , the Weddell seals of Erebus Bay have been studied extensively for over 40 years . "  Because of its isolation , this population is undisturbed by human activities . The Weddell seal population is healthy and stable , and thus gives a good example for studies of animal population dynamics . " Link said it was a privilege to see the animals up close . "  I was awed , " he said . "  It 's incredible that animals can live and thrive in such harsh conditions . It 's hard to describe the remoteness and isolation of the spot -- bitter cold , high winds , no life to be seen except for the seals , an occasional skua or an emperor penguin . " After a seal pup is born , Link said its mom spends all her time close to her baby in a very small area , with hardly any interaction with other seals . "  Mom does n't even leave for a swim until the baby is nearly ready to be weaned , and even then does n't get to eat . So while baby puts on a couple of hundred pounds , Mamma loses about twice that much , " he said . For more information on the seals , visit WeddellSealScience.com .	The USGS has been studying Weddell seals in Antarctica for more than 40 years The agency had asked scientists for interesting images to post on social media
CNN  -- Spain 's football duopoly of Real Madrid and Barcelona has become so dominant that sponsors have lost interest in backing other Spanish clubs . "  Having two monsters like Real Madrid and FC Barcelona , the world 's leading concert in football , overshadows the other clubs , " financial expert Jose Maria Gay de Liebana told CNN . "  Sports sponsorship companies are more inclined to be the third or fourth sponsor of these two great clubs , Barcelona and Madrid , rather than be the first sponsor of a club without universal screening , " he added . Gay de Liebana told CNN that the apparent advantage of having global brands in the top tier of Spanish football -- known as La Liga -- is in fact a serious detriment to many clubs . According to Forbes Magazine 's 2012 rankings , Real Madrid is the richest club in the world by revenue -- $ 695 million -- and second only to Manchester United in market value . Burden Meanwhile , Barcelona -- widely recognized as the best football team in the world with a pedigree of stars such as Lionel Messi and Andres Iniesta -- is the second richest club in the world by revenue . Gay de Liebana says the presence of these two football behemoths combined with billions of euros of debt - estimated at $ 4.5 billion for Primera Division teams -- and liabilities has meant Spanish football clubs can no longer cope with this burden . Traditionally local governments in Spain have had a role to play in the financial management of football clubs . In the past , teams such as Valencia and Madrid , as sporting institutions , have received subsidies from local authorities , according to Spanish football expert Sid Lowe . But in the current economic climate , state investment in football clubs is not a high priority for many politicians as the central government in Madrid grapples with a spiralling national debt and chronic unemployment of over 25 % . Spain -- the eurozone 's fourth largest economy -- is likely to be the next bailout casualty of the debt crisis in the 17-nation currency union . The government in Madrid has already requested a rescue package for its ailing banks , which require almost 60 billion euros  $ 76.4 million  in support following an audit in September . Real Oviedo 's plea Further down the feeding chain of Spanish football the financial situation is even more dire -- so much so that one Spanish club in the third division -- Real Oviedo -- has turned to football fans for help . Earlier this month the Asturias-based team launched a campaign , whereby fans could effectively buy shares at approximately 11 euros -LSB- $ 13 -RSB- each in exchange for a token stake in the club . Word of Real Oviedo 's plight went viral on Twitter and football fans across the globe responded by purchasing shares and raising more than one million euros  $ 1.2 million  in nine days . Gay de Liebana argued that the current state of Spanish football clubs is the result of poor financial regulation and supervision . When asked whether other teams might also stand on the precipice of extinction , he said : "  I absolutely know it will happen ... The next few months -- and I hope I am wrong -- will be tragic for some clubs . "	Spanish football clubs struggle to find sponsorship and marketing deals in economic crisis Teams suffering as a result of poor financial regulation , according to financial expert Gay de Liebana Real Oviedo has turned to fans for financial help Gay de Liebana warns next few months for Spanish clubs "  will be tragic for some clubs "
Financial Times  -- The eastern Chinese city of Wenzhou produces more cigarette lighters and spectacles than anywhere on earth , and has long been seen as an economic trend-setter for the entire country . So reports that dozens of factory owners in the city have absconded in recent weeks , leaving workers unpaid and mountains of debt , are seen by some as an ominous sign for the national economy . Slowing global demand for cheap Chinese exports , rising production costs and unsustainable levels of debt have combined to crush some of the country 's most savvy entrepreneurs . In one tragic case , the owner of a Wenzhou shoe factory who owed more than Rmb400m  $ 63m  committed suicide three weeks ago . More than 90 other bosses have run away , according to state media . Trade fluctuations in China , the world 's leading exporter , are often seen as indicators of the health of the global economy -- and for some bearish investors , Wenzhou 's problems are a sign that a hard landing is imminent for the nation . This is a dire prospect for the global economy at a time when most of the developed world is facing the likelihood of renewed recession . In fact , the city 's troubles are un-likely to trigger a drastic nationwide crash any time soon ; most analysts believe China is on track for just a gradual slowdown in coming months . But events in that city do represent a crucial turning point for the nation . "  What 's happening in Wenzhou is a reflection of the current Chinese model coming to an end , " says Huang Yiping of Barclays Capital about the country 's export-led , investment-driven growth paradigm . "  China 's economic success over the last 30 years has been built on cheap capital , cheap labour , cheap energy and cheap land but this has now produced huge imbalances and inefficiencies that are causing more and more problems . " The change will affect not just inhabitants of the world 's most populous nation , where growth averaging 10 per cent a year for the past three decades has lifted hundreds of millions out of poverty . It also heralds a structural change that will affect western businesses and consumers long used to ever cheaper Chinese goods . In addition , the shift will hit exporters in both developed and emerging economies that are increasingly reliant on China 's appetite for raw materials to feed its investment and construction boom , which shows signs of running out of steam . China 's economic miracle began in 1978 , when the Communist party launched market-oriented reforms granting farmers limited property rights and permission to sell anything they produced in excess of state quotas . This led to soaring agricultural productivity and rural incomes . It was followed by reforms encouraging mass migration , industrialisation and investment in a manufacturing sector that became known as the workshop for the world . In 1990 , income per capita was 30 per cent lower than the average for sub-Saharan Africa . Today , at more than $ 4,000 , it is three times greater , according to World Bank data . The unbeatable "  China price " that attracted investors and buyers from all over the world was predicated on an endless supply of cheap , pliant labour ; virtually free land ; cheap and easy credit from state-owned banks ; and heavily suppressed costs for inputs such as power and water . But having drastically raised the living standards of almost a fifth of humanity , the formula is increasingly seen as defunct , and a contributor to serious problems including environmental degradation and rapidly rising social inequality . "  The drivers of China 's meteoric rise are on the wane , " says Robert Zoellick , World Bank president . "  Resources have largely shifted from agriculture to industry ; as the labour force shrinks and the population ages , there are fewer workers to support retirees ; and productivity increases are on the decline . " With its world-class infrastructure and existing domestic and international supply chains , China will remain a global manufacturing base for some time to come . But minimum wages are rising more than 20 per cent a year in many areas , and land is increasingly scarce and expensive . In addition , the government is reducing the supply of cheap credit and has moved to liberalise prices for energy and other utilities . Meanwhile , the flood of investment in new factories , roads , airports and housing estates that has been the main driver of growth looks increasingly unsustainable . Back in Wenzhou , Xu Chuan , general manager of Xinhua Soft Packing , says times are tough . The business , which makes products from plastic bottles to zips , has been squeezed by rising costs and a lack of workers willing to take wages considered generous just a couple of years ago . "  We are making much less money than before and in-put price rises are so serious it is hard to find many companies that are making money these days , " Mr Xu says . His predicament is partly a result of demographics . Many experts believe China 's working-age population has already peaked and will decline in coming years , a trend exacerbated by the three-decade-old one-child policy . It is also partly the price of success for the country 's meteoric economic rise , which is lifting the prices of almost everything and shrinking the pool of impoverished workers willing to toil in factories or on construction sites for a pittance . The country 's leadership is well aware of the distortions that have built up in the economy ; and freely acknowledges time is running out for a model that has served it so well . "  China suffers a serious lack of balance , co-ordination and sustainability in its development , " President Hu Jintao said in a recent speech . "  We must accelerate strategic adjustment of the economic structure , scientific and technological progress and innovation , and the building of a resource-conserving and environmentally friendly society . " Beijing 's latest five-year plan , which runs from 2011 until 2015 , is packed full of vows to increase domestic consumption and wean the economy off its reliance on exports and particularly investment . But leaders have been talking for more than a decade about achieving these goals , and in fact the reverse has occurred . Consumption fell from about 45 per cent of gross domestic product in the late 1990s to an unusually low 33 per cent last year . Investment has hit a global high of 50 per cent of GDP . "  When reforms began 30 years ago , the investment rate was around 25 per cent of GDP and the economy grew at around 10 per cent a year , but now we are investing half of GDP for the same rate of growth ; that tells you something about capital efficiency , " says Mr Huang of Barclays Capital . An involuntary shift from the old model appeared possible when the global financial crisis erupted in the west in 2008 , triggering a collapse in global demand for Chinese exports , which fell by more than a third in the year to March 2009 . Thousands of factories closed and more than 23m migrant workers poured out of cities such as Wenzhou . In response , Beijing launched an economic stimulus package described by some economists as the biggest monetary and fiscal easing in history as it sought to cushion the blow to exporters . State-controlled banks were ordered to flood the economy with cash and local officials told to ramp up investment to jump-start growth . The result was a surge in credit-fuelled investment , particularly in residential property . In cities across the country , the results can be seen in forests of half-built apartment blocks , stadiums and convention centres . To the rest of the world , the stimulus appeared an unqualified success , pushing headline GDP growth rates back up into double digits and stoking Chinese demand for imports , especially of natural resources . But the reliance on debt and investment accentuated all the distortions Beijing had already identified in its growth model -- and added the prospect of a serious property bubble . Most analysts agree China 's economy , now the second largest , is today less healthy and more imbalanced than before the crisis , and even more reliant on investment , particularly in property and infrastructure . "  It 's as if the economy ballooned in weight by eating too much in the way of resources and becoming obese , " says Derek Scissors of the Heritage Foundation , a Washington-based think-tank . While the model may be coming to an end , most economists believe China remains on track for a soft landing in coming months as growth moderates . GDP figures for the third quarter , due out on Tuesday , are likely to show annual growth that remains above 9 per cent . Even if a severe slump were to hit , Beijing would still have the option of loosening monetary policy to revive the economy in the short term , and re-versing steps to cool the red-hot property market and rein in credit made available by the stimulus package . But there is unlikely to be a return to the boom years of the previous decade , when inflation remained dormant as GDP rose . Instead , growth will probably be 8 per cent or less , accompanied by persistent price rises -- HSBC predicts average consumer inflation of 5 per cent from 2011 to 2015 , compared with 2 per cent from 2001 to 2010 . And now that China is the global production capital for so many of the world 's manufactured goods , enduring Chinese inflation will mean higher prices for consumers the world over . Beijing has identified the action it needs to take -- but many analysts believe it must do far more to hasten economic rebalancing towards consumption than its current efforts to provide better social services , build subsidised apartment blocks and encourage minimum wage increases . "  China has limited time to effect a radical political and economic shift , " according to George Magnus of UBS Investment Bank . "  If this shift does n't start in earnest soon , the Chinese economy will succumb to a credit and investment bust from which significantly slower growth would follow , and this will be especially sensitive in a China where incidents of social unrest are increasing significantly in number , intensity and breadth . "  The Financial Times Limited 2011	Manufacturing hurt by slowing demand for cheap Chinese goods , rising costs and debt "  China suffers a serious lack of balance , co-ordination and sustainability in its development , " said Hu Jintao Economists believe China remains on track for a soft landing as growth moderates There is unlikely to be a return to the boom years of the previous decade
CNN  Federal prosecutors are bringing charges in one of the fires in riots that destroyed businesses after the Michael Brown grand jury decision . A federal grand jury indicted Antonio Whiteside , 26 , charging him with the arson of the Ferguson Market , the spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in St. Louis said . The market was the scene of a reported strong-armed robbery by Michael Brown shortly before his fatal confrontation with police officer Darren Wilson . Police from St. Louis County , Ferguson and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives circulated surveillance camera pictures of a suspect wearing a camouflage jacket in connection with the fire . Whiteside is that suspect , prosecutors allege , according to a U.S. law enforcement official briefed on the investigation . Investigators said he was seen using an accelerant to set fire to the market , the official said . He was arrested in January and the indictment was brought on Wednesday . The Ferguson Market survived disturbances in August after the Brown shooting , but burned after the grand jury decision was announced in November . It continues to operate . Complete coverage on Ferguson	The Ferguson Market was burned after grand jury decision in Michael Brown case Prosecutors used surveillance camera pictures to determine a suspect in the fire
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  Smugglers lure Arab and African migrants by offering discounts to get onto overcrowded ships if people bring more potential passengers , a CNN investigation has revealed . A smuggler in the Libyan capital of Tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees , during a conversation that a CNN producer secretly filmed . The conversation , recorded using a mobile phone , exposes the prices and incentives used to gather as many migrants as possible onto ships . An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing , but still more wait to try to reach Europe . CNN 's producer was introduced to a Senegalese and Malian smuggler by an intermediary in Tripoli , who mistakenly thought she was a Syrian looking to bring other Syrian refugees with her onto boats to Italy . Why I fled : Migrants share their stories The smuggler took her to an unfinished building on the outskirts of Tripoli near the city 's many ports , where the migrants they have already found are kept until the crossing is ready . The building could only be reached by walking down a trash-littered alleyway , and featured a series of packed rooms , separated by curtains , where dozens sat -- well over the 80 migrants she was promised would be in her boat . The smuggler explained that the "  final price " for Syrians -- often thought to be richer than their African migrant counterparts -- was $ 1,000 . He added that for each Syrian she brought with her , the producer would get a $ 100 discount . So if she brought 10 , she could travel free . He explained how the "  discount " was "  well known , " suggesting perhaps it was part of the unwritten rules that govern the trade and why so many migrants come to each boat . Any fears about the crossing were supposed to be allayed by the smuggler insisting the boats they used had new motors , and that the Senegalese pilot would have a satellite telephone and GPS to assist the crossing . He also assured CNN 's producer , when asked , that if the people became too many , they would use two boats . Pregnant women among migrants trying to cross	CNN investigation uncovers the business inside a human smuggling ring 10 % discount offered for every referral of another paying migrant , desperate to reach Europe
CNN  Pleading innocence , immunity and ignorance , the city of Cleveland responded to a wrongful death lawsuit filed by Tamir Rice 's family by saying the 12-year-old 's death was his own fault . In November , Cleveland Officer Timothy Loehmann fired the fatal shots at Tamir within two seconds of arriving outside a recreation center where the sixth-grader was playing with a pellet gun . In the 41-page response to the family 's lawsuit filed Friday , the city says that Tamir 's injuries "  were directly and proximately caused by the failure of Plaintiffs ' decedent to exercise due care to avoid injury . " The response further says that "  Plaintiffs ' decedent 's injuries , losses , and damages complained of , were directly and proximately caused by the acts of Plaintiffs ' decedent , not this Defendant . " The city also claims it is entitled to all "  full and qualified " immunities under state and federal law . As to the scores of other allegations in the lawsuit , the city responds by saying that they are untrue , that the independent investigation by Cuyahoga County is still going on , or that the city "  is without knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth . " Cuyahoga County 's medical examiner has ruled the death a homicide but has issued no determination as to whether the events that caused the boy 's death constitute a crime . Cleveland authorities have repeatedly said that Loehmann mistook Tamir 's fake gun for a real one . A witness called 911 on November 22 to say there was "  a guy with a pistol " and that although the weapon was "  probably " fake , Tamir was scaring people . It does n't appear the dispatcher relayed the information to Loehmann and Officer Frank Garmback . Video of the incident shows the two pull up on the snowy grass near a gazebo where Tamir is standing . Within two seconds of exiting the police car , Loehmann shoots the 12-year-old . The boy died the next day of injuries to "  a major vessel , intestines and pelvis . " In the video , neither Loehmann nor Garmback appears to provide medical assistance to the boy , and Police Chief Calvin Williams has said that Tamir did not receive first aid until an FBI agent arrived on the scene four minutes later . An attorney for the Rice family says the city 's response to the lawsuit is indicative of well-documented problems within the Cleveland Police Department . "  The Rice family maintains that Tamir was shot and killed unnecessarily by Cleveland police officers , " Rice family co-counsel Walter Madison said in a statement . "  Their tactics that preceded his death and the subsequent victim blaming are examples of the institutionalized behavior that has beset the Cleveland Police Department . The Rice family 's lawsuit seeks to eliminate certain institutional behaviors and practices that have no place in our diverse community . " Rice family co-counsel Benjamin Crump said the family was "  just in disbelief " after reading the response . Crump went on to attack the police department 's assertion , put forth in December , that Loehmann gave Tamir three verbal commands to put his hands up . "  It is just incredible that the police officer , based on what we see on the video surveillance recording , gave Tamir three verbal commands to put his hands up and drop the weapon , based on what we see in the video . It was less than 1.7 seconds . The car had n't even stopped . It 's unbelievable . " CNN could not immediately reach the Cuyahoga County Sheriff 's Department for comment . Cleveland Police Department spokesperson Ali Pillow declined comment and referred questions to a city spokesman , who could n't be immediately reached . In December , the U.S. Justice Department released the results of a two-year investigation that found Cleveland officers use guns , Tasers , pepper spray and their fists excessively , unnecessarily or in retaliation . The police force has used unnecessary and unreasonable force at a "  significant rate , " employing "  dangerous tactics " that put the community at risk , the investigation stated . It was also reported in December that Loehmann 's previous employer , the Independence Police Department in a Cleveland suburb , had numerous complaints about the officer , including that he was "  distracted and weepy " and "  emotionally immature " and had demonstrated "  a pattern of lack of maturity , indiscretion and not following instructions . " He also showed "  dangerous loss of composure during live range training " and an "  inability to manage personal stress , " the department said . In December , Crump called for Loehmann and Garmback to be charged and decried what he said was a police tendency to let grand juries determine whether to charge officers involved in shootings . In Tamir 's case , he said , "  several things were done inappropriately , " which is probable cause to charge the officers . "  There is nothing written anywhere in the law that says police officers are to be treated differently from any other citizen , " Crump said . "  We can not have children playing cops and robbers on a playground and police officers coming and claiming their lives . " Loehmann and Garmback have been placed on paid leave pending the outcome of the investigation . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia , Catherine E. Shoichet and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Cleveland : Tamir Rice died because he failed "  to exercise due care to avoid injury " A police officer killed Tamir , 12 , last year as the boy played with a pellet gun Officers mistook fake gun for a real one , Cleveland Police Department has said
CNN  -- Technology keeps bringing us closer to a world where people can communicate freely across language barriers . Google on Tuesday announced that its e-mail service , Gmail , soon will include an "  automatic translation " feature for all users . "  The next time you receive a message in a language other than your own , just click on Translate message in the header at the top of the message , " the company writes in a blog post , "  and it will be instantly translated into your language . " The update will roll out in the next few days . The announcement comes on the heels of another language-related news blip from the Mountain View , California , company . Google said last week that its Google Translate service -- which changes text from one language to another -- handles as much translation work in a day as human translators could manage in a year . "  In a given day we translate roughly as much text as you 'd find in 1 million books , " the company said . That is , of course , pretty incredible . But all of this translation talk is also generating discussion about the weaknesses of current computer-translation technology . Writing for The Atlantic , anthropologist Sarah Kendzior bemoans the fact that so many languages are n't represented by Google . "  Since its inception in 2006 , Google has added 65 languages from areas extending across much of the world , though two exceptions stand out : Central Asia and sub-Saharan Africa , " she writes . "  No languages from Central Asia -- such as Pashto , Usbek , and Uyghur -- make the Google cut . Neither do the African languages Hausa , Yoruba , or Zulu . The sole inclusions from sub-Saharan Africa are Swahili and Afrikaans . " Furthermore , accuracy is always a nagging and unavoidable topic of discussion when it comes to Internet translation services . Like many people , I use Google Translate as a starting point for translation , but do n't necessarily trust that it will get everything right . It 's great for getting the gist of a news story that 's published in Japanese or Finnish , but if I need to write a formal letter to someone in one of those languages , I 'd get human help . Google acknowledges as much on a Web page about Translate : "  When Google Translate generates a translation , it looks for patterns in hundreds of millions of documents to help decide on the best translation for you . By detecting patterns in documents that have already been translated by human translators , Google Translate can make intelligent guesses as to what an appropriate translation should be . "  This process of seeking patterns in large amounts of text is called ` statistical machine translation . ' Since the translations are generated by machines , not all translation will be perfect . The more human-translated documents that Google Translate can analyze in a specific language , the better the translation quality will be . This is why translation accuracy will sometimes vary across languages . " As for its auto-translation e-mail service , Google says this will be a jump forward for an increasingly globalized workforce . And if you speak other languages fluently , you can notify Google so translations in those languages wo n't show up automatically . Google just "  graduated " the feature from its Gmail Labs , a sort of sandbox for innovative features the company makes available to users on an a la carte basis . The change this week is that auto-translation now will automatically show up as a feature for everyone on Gmail . "  We heard immediately from Google Apps for Business users that this was a killer feature for working with local teams across the world , " the company says . "  Some people just wanted to easily read newsletters from abroad . Another person wrote in telling us how he set up his mom 's Gmail to translate everything into her native language , thus saving countless explanatory phone calls  he thanked us profusely  . I continue to use it to participate in discussions with the global Google offices I often visit . " Here 's how Franz Och , a distinguished research scientist at Google , sees the present state and future of machine translation online . He wrote this blurb on the sixth anniversary of Google Translate , which recently passed : "  We imagine a future where anyone in the world can consume and share any information , no matter what language it 's in , and no matter where it pops up . We already provide translation for Web pages on the fly as you browse in Chrome , text in mobile photos , YouTube video captions , and speech-to-speech ` conversation mode ' on smartphones . We want to knock down the language barrier wherever it trips people up , and we ca n't wait to see what the next six years will bring . "	Gmail adds a feature that can translate emails between languages The update is rolling out in coming days Users can turn off the feature if they speak other languages
CNN  -- A devastating storm system moved across the United States on Friday , spawning a slew of tornadoes that contributed to at least 28 fatalities in Indiana , Kentucky and Ohio . National Weather Service meteorologist John Gordon reported Friday afternoon the agency had about "  half a dozen reports of tornadoes on the ground , " as well as reports of "  significant damage " -- making his comments before some of the worst twisters were reported . "  This is an enormous outbreak that 's going on right now across Kentucky and the South , " Gordon said . "  It 's crazy . It 's just nuts right here . " Southern Indiana was particularly hard hit , with Indiana Department of Homeland Security spokesman John Erickson saying three had died in Jefferson County as a result . Sgt. Rod Russell with the Indiana State Police said later that three people also were killed in Scott County . In addition , Emergency Management Director Leslie Cavanaugh of Clark County -- which has about 110,000 people -- reported one death . Sheriff 's Department Maj. Chuck Adams added that a man was found dead in his car several miles outside Henryville . "  We 've got total devastation in the north-ceindntral part of the county  and  widespread damage from the west to the east , " added Adams . "  We are inundated with calls . " At least 15 people were killed across Indiana , authorities said . Aerial footage from CNN affiliate WLKY showed structures torn to shreds and large swaths of trees knocked down in Henryville , about 20 miles north of Louisville , Kentucky . Other aerial images showed similar devastation in St. Paul , Indiana . Several officials -- including Jeffersonville , Indiana , Mayor Mike Moore , U.S. Sen. Dan Coats and Adams -- indicated that the town of Marysville suffered especially significant damage . Cavanaugh also said that the local high school , Henryville Junior-Senior High School , had been "  demolished . " According to Sara Reschar , an administrative assistant for the West Clark Community Schools , "  students were already out of the school when the storm hit " -- having been dismissed about 15 minutes earlier . Adams said there were some "  scrapes and scratches , " but no serious injuries as a result . Authorities used thermal imaging equipment , search dogs and other means Friday night to look for a 9-year-old boy in Henryville whose whereabouts was unknown after the tornadoes came through , Adams said . Amid the devastation , there was also some hope -- in the form of a 20-month-old girl found alone , and without identification , in a field in Salem , about 20 miles from Henryville . Adam said the girl was intubated and then flown to Kosair Children 's Hospital in Louisville . He said that people since had called in to identify the girl , while adding he did not know her current condition . About four hours after the National Weather Service said a twister touched down in Indiana 's Posey County , Gov. Mitch Daniels said crews "  are racing the nightfall " to assess the damage and help those in need . Sgt. First Class Tina Eichenour of the Indiana National Guard said that roughly 250 troops have been called to duty , destined for towns such as Henryville and Marysville . "  I am constantly amazed by both the unpredictability and the ferocity that Mother Nature can unleash , when she chooses to , " Daniels said of the severe weather . His counterpart in Kentucky , Gov. Steve Beshear , on Friday declared a statewide emergency to facilitate local authorities ' access to state resources . The governor has authorized the deployment of 50 National Guard troops to go to Morgan County to join a 12-person search and rescue team out of Lexington . What to do during tornado watches , warnings "  The storm system has n't cleared Kentucky yet , but we obviously have reports of some heavy damage , " Beshear told CNN 's Erin Burnett . At least 12 people were killed in Kentucky tied to Friday 's severe weather , authorities said . Shawn Harley , from the National Weather Service , confirmed that people were trapped in damaged buildings after a large tornado struck the small town of West Liberty in eastern Kentucky . There was no immediate word on casualties as a result . Chuck Wolfe , a spokesman for the Kentucky Emergency Management Agency , said state authorities had lost contact with the town . Wolfe said officials believe the town "  got hit pretty heavily . " Beshear is expected to visit West Liberty to assess the damage Saturday . Separately , a man in his 50s was found dead in his mobile home in Bethel , Ohio , the Clermont County Commissioners said in a press release . In Tennessee , severe weather was responsible for critical injuries of as many as eight people in the cities of Harrison and Oolteweh , officials there said . The storm brought golf-ball-size hail , strong winds and rain into the two northeast Alabama counties before continuing on a northeastward path into Tennessee . Tennessee Emergency Management spokesman Jeremy Heidt said there were reports of possible tornado touchdowns in nine counties total . At least 29 people were injured across the state , according to Dean Flener , also with TEMA . Between 40 and 50 homes in Hamilton County , Tennessee , have "  significant damage that we know about , " the county 's Chief of Emergency Management Bill Tittle told CNN . Reporting from that area near Chattanooga , CNN 's Rob Marciano observed a continuous stretch of damage about 200 yards wide that ripped what had been brick-and-mortar homes down to their foundations . Tittle said that there are 24 reported injuries and , while none of them appears to be life-threatening , he acknowledged that "  we have not reached all the homes . " "  We obviously have lots of debris , homes with roof damage , streets that are impassable that we have crews cutting down trees with chainsaws in order to get emergency vehicles through , and as of now our crews are just going door-to-door on foot , " said Amy Maxwell , Hamilton County , Tennessee , emergency management spokeswoman . Maxwell later said six to 10 people were at local hospitals after suffering injuries , and a triage area was set up at Ooltewah High School to treat patients on the scene . Hamilton County Mayor Jim Coppinger said a touchdown of a tornado had been confirmed , though he expressed optimism that sound preparation and safety measures appeared thus far to prevent any deaths . "  We 're just working diligently at this hour to try to make sure that everyone is accounted for , " Coppinger told CNN . "  And hopefully we 'll be able to escape  without fatalities  . " Meanwhile , Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said there have been seven injuries and about 40 homes destroyed but no fatalities after two tornadoes touched down in his state Friday morning . This Just In : Harrisburg 's path of destruction "  The April 27 tornado and the track of the two this morning were exactly the same , " Bentley told CNN , referring to last year 's twisters that left at least 238 dead . Both Buckhorn High School in Madison County and the Limestone County Correctional Facility in an adjacent Alabama county were hit Friday . There was also widespread damage in Madison County , the National Weather Service said , and some injuries were reported , according to a local ambulance service . The Madison County Emergency Management Agency confirmed that a rain-wrapped tornado was spotted near the Harvest area , just northwest of Huntsville , which itself was hit hard by a tornado last year . Toddler found alone in field "  The key thing that let me know it was serious was the loud wind , " said Hovet Dixon of Harvey , Alabama . "  It almost seemed like it was trying to lift my roof off . " The warden for the Limestone Correctional Facility , Dorothy Goode , said the prison was hit by the storm . All prisoners -- the facility holds about 2,200 -- were accounted for , she said . Storms are expected to begin to weaken during the late evening as they move east toward the Appalachians . The severe weather threat should diminish overnight Friday into Saturday morning , Morris said . These tornadoes follow an earlier outbreak that began Tuesday night and left 13 dead across Kansas , Missouri , Illinois and Tennessee and battered parts of Kentucky . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Larry Shaughnessy , Nick Valencia , Kristina Sgueglia , Carma Hassan , Moni Basu , John Murgatroyd , Melanie Whitley , Joe Sterling , Dave Alsup , Logan Burruss and Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	NEW : 15 are dead in Indiana , 12 in Kentucky and one in Ohio , authorities say National Guard troops are deployed in Kentucky , others are ready in Indiana A toddler girl is found without ID in a field in Indiana , authorities say A National Weather Service meteorologist calls the twister outbreak "  crazy "
A military standoff with terrorists at a Kenyan mall was apparently drawing to a close Tuesday after four days of carnage left at least 61 civilians and six security officers dead . Five terrorists were killed , and 11 other suspects are in custody , Kenya 's president said . About 175 people were injured , he said . As authorities indicated the siege was all but over , many questions will have to be answered , such as did the terrorists include Americans , a British subject and a Canadian national , as claimed by Al-Shabaab , the Islamic extremists who took responsibility for the gun attack . Attackers defeated , Kenya 's president says For now , Kenya reels from a horrific terror attack at Nairobi 's upscale Westgate Mall -- frequented by well-to-do Kenyans and the expatriate community -- which began just after high noon Saturday . Day One : Saturday It was a nice day at the 80-store mall . A cooking competition was held for youths , perhaps some aspiring to become chefs . Visitors stocked up on staples at a supermarket or sipped coffee at a cafe . Without warning , gunmen stormed the mall , shooting people outside the five-story structure and then inside it . Shoppers said they also heard grenades exploding . Other witnesses described it "  like a Hollywood-action scene , " said hospital volunteer Abiti Shah . Mall customers crawled beneath cars in the parking lot and found cover in stairwells and a women 's bathroom , presumably because the gunmen would be reluctant to look in that gender 's restrooms . ` Westgate bad , blood ... I ran , ran , ran ' Attackers went from store to store , taking hostages or randomly firing upon people . Gunmen asked customers whether they were Muslim . The terrorists apparently allowed people of that faith to escape from the mall . The chaos included an unclear report on deaths . Finally , by day 's end , 39 people were counted as killed -- a number that would grow . Several hours into the terror assault , an al-Qaeda offshoot in neighboring Somalia called Al-Shabaab used its Twitter account to claim responsibility . Authorities now learned who they were dealing with , and the international community condemned the terror , including the Kenyan president whose nephew and his fiance were among those killed . Day Two : Sunday The terrorists continued their siege of the mall , and confusion prevailed over the number of deaths and hostages . Security forces decided to launch a "  major assault " on the mall , police said . As another violent day unfolded , "  most of the hostages " were rescued , and security forces took control of "  most parts " of the mall , the Kenyan military said . Gunfire punctuated the day . Between the bullets are moments of silence . Soldiers surrounded the mall . Authorities numbered the gunmen involved in the attack : 10 to 15 attackers . Further , unconfirmed reports emerged on who they could be : As many as three are from the United States , two are from Somalia and one each from Canada , Finland , Kenya and the United Kingdom . That information came from sources within Al-Shabaab who spoke to CNN about nine names published on Twitter who were purported to be the alleged hostage-takers . Bergen : Al-Shabaab 's American allies CNN could n't independently confirm that claim by Al-Shabaab . "  All efforts are underway to bring this matter to a speedy conclusion , " the Kenyan military said . Day Three : Monday The first announcement about deaths on the other side of the siege is made : Three terrorists have been killed , authorities said . So far , more than 200 civilians have been rescued , they added . But 11 Kenyan soldiers have been wounded , the military said . Kenyan officials reassured the world that they were in control of the mall . The terrorists have little chance of escape , authorities said . But sporadic gunfire sent aid workers and journalists running for cover . Inside the mall , the terrorists ignited a fire , spewing heavy smoke throughout the afternoon . "  We 're not here to feed the attackers with pastries but to finish and punish them , " Kenyan police Inspector General David Kimaiyo warned on Twitter . Even away from the mall , the country faced intensified security . At various locations , more than 10 people were taken into custody for questioning about the attack , including at least four people from an airport . Opinion : What does attack mean for Kenyan security ? Authorities released a few details about the death toll : Most of the dead were apparently Kenyans , but the slain included six British citizens , two French nationals , two Indians and two Canadians , including a diplomat , their governments said . Among the 175 people wounded were five Americans , the State Department said . In response to the unconfirmed claim that the terrorists included Americans , U.S. authorities reviewed intelligence reports for evidence of a U.S. connection to the attack , law enforcement sources said . But a senior U.S. official said the claim was n't looking too solid . Final Day ? Tuesday As the world anxiously awaited a conclusion to the terrorists ' siege of the mall , President Uhuru Kenyatta announced forces killed five terrorists at the mall and arrested 11 others for possible ties to the attack . "  We have ashamed and defeated our attackers , " the president said . That announcement , however , did n't answer important questions : were there foreign nationals among the terrorists , what happened to the hostages and what 's the status of the 65 people that the Red Cross says are unaccounted for ? Identification of some victims provided glimpses into the terrorists ' alleged barbarity : A pregnant Dutch woman expecting her first child in October was killed , along with her husband architect who was building hospitals and clinics for free . Another woman , who was seven months pregnant , was slain . A boy , age 8 , was dead , along with his father . The material condition of the besieged mall evoked a war scene : three floors of the mall collapsed during the government 's counter-offensive against the terrorists , trapping bodies inside , the president said . Those trapped bodied include terrorists , Kenyatta said . "  Our attackers wish to destroy the essential character of our society . They failed , " Kenyatta said . "  Kenya endures . "	Kenya 's president indicates terrorists ' siege of Nairobi mall has ended The gunfire , carnage , hostage-taking lasts four days A nice day with a kids ' cooking contest becomes nightmarish as gunmen storm upscale mall The complex now evokes war imagery , with three collapsed floors trapping bodies
Atlanta  CNN  -- After a student walk-out spurred a flood of support from alumni and others , the board of the University of Georgia 's student newspaper backtracked Friday and vowed a staffer they had hired will not have final say on editorial decisions , the paper 's former editor-in-chief said . The new policy was one of several requested by student journalists and outlined by Red & Black newspaper board members in a meeting Friday with students in Athens , Georgia , said Polina Marinova , who was the paper 's top editor until earlier this week . She called the policy shift a testament to the students ' unity and conviction , as well as thanks to a wave of public pressure put on the board . "  I 'm just really proud that everyone stood together and there was so much support , " Marinova told CNN on Friday night . "  We stood up for ourselves , and I think other people saw that . " Marinova and Julia Carpenter quit as editor-in-chief and managing editor , respectively , of the Red & Black on Wednesday , with fellow editors , design staff , photo staff and reporters joining them leaving the newspaper 's building en masse . They explained they had done so after the publication 's board recently hired several "  permanent staff with veto power over students ' decisions . " In a statement posted on a new website -- redanddead.com -- they set up to continue covering news and offer their views , the departed staff posted a "  draft " memo written by a Red & Black board member dated on Wednesday -- the day of the resignations and walk-out -- as being "  effective today . " In the memo , board member Ed Stamper detailed responsibilities for the "  Editorial Director and the entire professional staff " such as "  taking corrective action to replace students that do not follow our standards , " setting design mandates and suggesting what types of stories staff should cover , including "  more good " and less "  bad " news stories that highlight wrongdoing . "  Recently , editors have felt pressure to assign stories they did n't agree with , take ` grip and grin ' photos , and compromise the design of the paper , " wrote Marinova , a rising University of Georgia senior , in a statement announcing her resignation . "  But what 's most alarming to me is that there was no input from the Red & Black student staff about any of these changes . " After the resignations and walk-out , the Red & Black board and its publisher , Harry Montevideo , on Thursday issued their own statement expressing "  regret " for what it called "  a great deal of miscommunication during the past 24 hours . " They stated the Red & Black "  is still and will remain an independent student media organization , " explaining the hiring of the new professional staff and specifically stating that the recently appointed editorial director is meant to serve as "  a counselor , teacher , mentor , coordinator and manager " and not as a de facto editor-in-chief who makes final editorial decisions . In her resignation letter , Marinova wrote that "  more than 10 permanent staff " had been hired in "  less than a month . " On Friday , the board of directors vice chairwoman Melita Easters disputed that figure , saying it was "  more like eight " -- about half of whom were part-time , and only two of whom were editorial staff  with others focused on marketing and advertising  . Easters said that the "  board , as a whole , " did not foresee the students ' actions or the public hubbub that followed . "  This was a big misunderstanding that got blown even to larger proportions , " she told CNN on Friday . "  The level of misunderstanding became a feeding frenzy for the media . " A number of national media outlets picked up on the story almost immediately , as did media rights advocates and alumni . The latter included scores of former Red & Black staffers who signed a letter to the newspaper 's board of directors characterizing the language in Stamper 's memo as "  embarrassing " and calling the possibility that students would lose editorial control their "  biggest concern . " The Red & Black is one of a handful of student newspapers nationwide that is independent financially and editorially from its university , said Frank LoMonte , the executive director of the Student Law Press Center , which works with high school and college journalists around the United States . Its board may be even more unique , as the only one that LoMonte knows of without any student members . He said the torrent of one-sided reaction to the episode , including via Facebook and Twitter , shows the Red & Black has an especially passionate alumni as well . The outpouring played a large part in the board 's reversals within just a few days , according to LoMonte . "  No newspaper can lose their audience , and this audience wants to read a student-run newspaper , " he said . "  The fact this situation was largely able to be turned around in a matter of 36 hours is directly attributable to the power of social media . " The board issued a new statement Friday , offering its "  deepest apologies " and insisting "  the student editor has always had the final editorial decision responsibility for our news content . " It added Stamper -- who issued a statement apologizing for "  embarrassment " caused by his memo , which he said were talking points for a planned discussion with the editorial director and did not represent the policy of the Red & Black board -- had resigned and opened the door for Marinova and Carpenter to reapply for the top editor posts . Feeling this statement was "  a bit vague , " Marinova said she and others met with board members to clarify what was happening . She said she learned that the editorial director job was being changed to an editorial adviser position and professional staff would have "  no prior review " or sign-off of news content . Marinova , who said she did n't believe all board members "  knew what was going on " throughout the situation , said she feels there 's much more clarity and dialogue . "  We feel now that we have a voice , " Marinova said . "  And the communication lines are now much more open . " The Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication , a division of the university that many of the paper 's student staff attend , lauded the board for having "  reconfirmed the editorial authority of student journalists " and lamented the "  current crisis of leadership at the paper and its effect on students . " Whatever its motivation , LoMonte from the Student Law Press Center interpreted Friday 's actions by the Red & Black 's board as a clear win for the University of Georgia students -- and , more generally , for student journalists all around the country . "  I think the takeaway from this is that you can not mess with student autonomy in a student newspaper , " he said . Marinova , who said that she and Carpenter plan to reapply for their old positions , said the ordeal shows that when young people work together with a common purpose , they can be heard . "  Students and everyone should have a voice , " she said Friday . "  They should feel that they are part of something , that you ca n't be told that you 're ostensible  because  you are there for the reason . "	Top editors of the University of Georgia 's student paper quit and the staff walked out They said the paper 's board hired staff with "  veto power " over them on news content The board now says students have editorial control and makes student-backed changes A board vice chair says a "  big misunderstanding " became "  a feeding frenzy for the media "
ROME  CNN  -- Seven people went on trial for manslaughter Tuesday in Italy , accused of failing to predict an earthquake that killed more than 300 people in L'Aquila in April 2009 . The seven -- six scientists from the Italian National Institute of Geophysics and Vulcanology and a member of the Civil Protection Agency -- were members of a governmental panel that prosecutors accuse of giving a "  rough , generic and ineffective assessment of the seismic risk . " The seven , members of a so-called "  major risks " panel , published "  inaccurate , incomplete and contradictory information about the dangers of seismic activity undermining the protection of the population , " prosecutors said . The first hearing Tuesday morning in L'Aquila 's tribunal was devoted to technical matters and claims by injured parties . The city of L'Aquila has requested 50 million euros  $ 68 million  in compensation . Only one defendant was in court , the vice president of the panel , Bernardo De Bernardinis . "  I thought it was important to be here , not only because this is my turf but also to underline the professionalism ... of the other public officers , " De Bernardinis told reporters . The trial has attracted the attention of the scientific world . The American Association for the Advancement of Science  AAAS  wrote to Italy 's President Giorgio Napolitano in June last year to express "  concern " over the indictment of its Italian colleagues . "  The charges against these scientists are both unfair and naive , " the letter said . The basis of the indictments appears to be that the scientists failed to alert the population of L'Aquila of an impending earthquake . However , the letter continues , "  there is no way they could have done that credibly . " Lawyer Marcello Melandri is defending Enzo Boschi , who was president of the National Institute of Geophysics and Vulcanology at the time of the quake . Melandri denies that it 's a trial against science , saying : "  Professor Boschi simply said that the earthquake is unpredictable , that it could or it could not happen . " The Civil Protection Agency had organized a meeting of the major risks panel in L'Aquila on March 31 , 2009 , amid concern among the city 's residents over ongoing seismic activity . After that meeting some members of the commission made reassuring statements to the press . In particular De Bernardinis said in an interview with a local TV station that the scientific community was "  reassuring " him , and that the numerous tremors were in some ways a good thing , as they released seismic energy . The interview concluded with a joke . "  Meanwhile , let 's go and have a glass of wine , " the journalist said . "  Absolutely ! " De Bernardinis replied . Six days later , the magnitude-6 .3 quake hit the city and surrounding areas , causing wide destruction and loss of life . Eugenio Carlomagno is among the citizens of L'Aquila to feel let down by the panel . "  There are big responsibilities that this trial has to establish . No one alerted us , there were no evacuation plans that could have saved lives , " he told CNN . "  It 's not a matter of drinking a glass of wine , it 's a matter of respecting rules . " The next trial session was scheduled for October 1 .	More than 300 people died in the April 2009 earthquake in L'Aquila Scientists were asked to assess the risk after increased seismic activity They did not predict the major earthquake that hit the centuries-old city Prosecutors say they gave a generic and ineffective assessment of the risk
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The National Transportation Safety Board and other agencies are investigating not only what went wrong , but also what went right Thursday when a US Airways flight ended in the Hudson River without any deaths or major injuries . The aircraft remains in the Hudson River on Friday . Workers hope to lift it out Saturday morning . "  Having a successful ditching is a very rare event , " Kitty Higgins of the NTSB said Friday . "  We 'll not only celebrate what worked here , but also learn what worked . So many times you 're only focused on what went wrong . A lot of things went right yesterday . " Divers struggled against strong currents and frigid water temperatures to retrieve critical pieces of the puzzle from the Hudson River , where US Airways flight 1549 ended up less than three minutes after it took off from New York 's LaGuardia Airport Thursday afternoon . The flight data and cockpit voice recorders -- both critical to determining exactly what happened -- remained attached to the tail section of the aircraft , which was still partially submerged but secured to moorings . Watch a former pilot tell how to water-land a plane " Workers will be at the site until midnight , rigging the aircraft so it can be lifted out Saturday morning , attached to a barge and moved to a secure location for investigation , Higgins said . Both engines from the Airbus A320 double-engine jet were on the river bottom , after the water landing 's impact apparently detached them from the plane . Authorities are using side-scan sonar to locate the engines , Higgins said . iReport.com : Were you there ? Send images The engines also will be brought in as part of the investigation into what happened , including the possibility of bird strikes . "  I do n't want to characterize anything at this point about this particular accident because we are just at the beginning stages , " Higgins said , adding that this accident would be the first "  in a very long time " where possible bird strikes may have been a factor . Watch water wash over the plane " Meanwhile , passengers , city officials and aviation experts heaped praise on pilot Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger and his crew , as well as first responders who acted quickly to minimize passengers ' injuries in below-freezing temperatures and frigid water . The White House said President Bush called Sullenberger to praise him for "  his heroic efforts to ensure the safety of his passengers and the people in the area . " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Sullenberger executed an "  incredibly skillful emergency landing . " The pilot and crew of the flight will receive the key to the city , he told reporters Friday . "  We typically like you to land at our airports , " he joked , but said the water landing worked out with the best possible outcome . Watch Bloomberg honor heroism " "  We saw a lot of heroism in the Hudson yesterday , " Bloomberg said . The mayor also gave certificates of appreciation to first responders who scrambled to help passengers to safety . Shortly after the flight , bound for Charlotte , North Carolina , took off at 3:26 p.m. Thursday , passengers noticed quickly that something was awry . See a map of the plane 's flight path " A source familiar with the situation told CNN that Sullenberger reported a double bird strike , which was taken to mean that birds were sucked into both the jet 's engines . The FAA said witnesses reported seeing the plane hit a flock of birds . Sullenberger was given clearance to return to LaGuardia for an emergency landing , a source said , but instead , he was forced to find someplace else to ditch the plane . In crowded New York City , the Hudson River provided the best option . Watch how the landing and rescue happened " After the plane came to a stop , passengers quickly got out , standing on the partially submerged wings or on the emergency exit chutes , which also serve as life rafts . New York Waterway Capt. Vince Lombardi , operating a ferry in the Hudson , said he noticed something in the water as the boat pulled out of Pier 70 . "  I said to my deck hand , ` That 's an odd-looking boat , ' " he told reporters Friday . "  He said , ' I think that 's an airplane . ' " The ferry headed straight for the plane , he said . "  I was a little overwhelmed and scared for the people . The water is about 32 degrees . The outside air temp was in the 20s . We were worried if we did n't get them out right away , there would be casualties . " As he arrived , he said , most passengers were calm , but some were cheering and crying . Some said , "  Get me out of the water , please , I 'm cold . " Watch a Coast Guard lieutenant talk about rescuing passengers " Detective Michael Delaney , an NYPD diver , recalled seeing a woman in the water clinging to the side of a ferry "  in obvious distress " when he arrived . "  We pretty much saw the distress that was in her face , " he said . He and other divers pulled her off the side of the boat and swam her over to another boat and to safety , he said . The New York Waterway ferry reached the scene in less than four minutes , city officials said at a news conference on Friday . The first ambulance reached the shore in a minute and 12 seconds . Other boats arrived at the plane within seven minutes . About 25 people were treated at hospitals after the incident , but Bloomberg said Thursday there were no serious injures . Only a few people remained hospitalized Friday , according to the hospitals . They included a flight attendant with a deep laceration to her leg and a Coast Guard rescuer with a minor hematoma -- a localized swelling filled with blood . The flight attendant was in stable condition and the rescuer was in good condition . Most patients were treated and released , the hospitals said . With the air and water temperatures at the time of the incident , people could remain in the water only two to three minutes before the onset of hypothermia , said John Peruggia , chief of emergency medical services for FDNY . NTSB investigators planned to speak with Sullenberger and his co-pilot on Saturday , Higgins said . The agency wants to speak with Sullenberger before the media , so he has not been made available to reporters . NTSB investigators were interviewing other members of the flight crew Friday , Higgins said . CNN 's Mike Brooks , Jeanne Meserve , Richard Davis and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : Agencies hope to learn from plane in Hudson , spokeswoman says NEW : Currents , cold temperatures hamper efforts to retrieve engines , flight data First responders receive certificates of appreciation from mayor Mayor says he 'll give key to the city to pilot and crew
San Diego , California  CNN  -- A black Republican who has rankled liberals and suddenly risen in prominence is torpedoed with old allegations of sexual harassment as he challenges the conventional wisdom about how African-Americans think and pursues an important position atop the federal government . Have n't we seen this movie ? Get ready for the sequel . Politico reported recently that two women -- whose names are being withheld by the website -- accused Herman Cain of sexual harassment in the 1990s while the businessman led the National Restaurant Association , and that a financial settlement "  in the five-figure range " was reached to keep the story quiet . When confronted with the allegation , the GOP front-runner showed that he is new to politics by mangling his responses in one media interview after another . At first , Cain went with the tried and tested approach : "  No comment . " Then he claimed to know nothing about the case . Then he claimed that he did know a little about the case , but that he did n't know there had been a settlement . Then he tried to tell us that there was a difference between a "  settlement " and an "  agreement . " And , by the end of the day , he was admitting that there had been a settlement and that , in the case of one woman , it had amounted to about three months salary . It was both amusing and painful to watch . I 'm not sure whether to applaud Cain for not knowing how to lie with the panache of other Republican presidential hopefuls , or tell him to run for the exit . I hope he does n't quit the race , as some Beltway commentators are suggesting he should do -- not because this scandal is so bad that he ca n't recover , but because the elite media ca n't wait to clear the field and get to what they think will be the main event : Mitt Romney versus Barack Obama . There is no question that Cain 's handling of this story was atrocious . But what is also troubling is that this scandal has a familiar ring -- one that goes back 20 years to the confirmation hearings for then-Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas . I do n't know about you , but I 'm getting awfully tired of sexual harassment being the preferred line of attack against black conservatives . This is n't to say that sexual harassment is acceptable -- whether it 's a proposition or the creation of a hostile work environment . But the whole thing makes me queasy in light of the ugly history in this country of black men being described in sexually charged terms . I do n't care who the attack is leveled against ; anyone who plays with the idea of a black man acting inappropriately toward women is playing with dynamite . Liberals who rejoice in the Cain story should remember that . Herman Cain and the decline of black conservatism And why are black conservatives singled out for these kinds of attacks ? Consider how many of them hold high office in this country . Not many . If you counted up all those who serve in the House , the Senate , and the 50 governorships , you 'd still have less than a handful . Since the 1960 presidential election , African-Americans have shunned the GOP and tended to vote Democratic . Politicians who break from that tradition automatically become a target , and their critics will pummel them with anything they 've got . After all , it 's not like African-American men are the only ones ever accused of sexual harassment . The alleged perpetrators come in all colors . During the 1990s , even before the Monica Lewinsky scandal , President Bill Clinton could have easily become the poster boy for sexual harassment because of allegations by a former hotel worker named Paula Jones . While Clinton was impeached by the House of Representatives , he long ago closed that chapter in his life , and now he 's considered one of the Democratic Party 's elder statesman . There was also the notorious Tailhook scandal , where more than 100 aviation officers from the U.S. Navy and U.S. Marine Corps -- most of them white -- were alleged to have sexually assaulted and/or sexually harassed more than 80 women at a gathering in Las Vegas . All this happened just one month before the Thomas hearings , and yet we 're likely to remember one of these events much longer than we do the other . Somehow , it was Thomas whose name became synonymous with allegations of sexual harassment , after Anita Hill came forward in October 1991 and claimed that while he was her boss at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , he made sexual advances and created a hostile work environment . Many Americans look back at Thomas ' confirmation hearings and think they were mainly about accusations that Thomas directed sexually blunt language at Hill . But for me , what they were really about was n't dirty talk as much as dirty politics . Black conservatives ask us to think outside the box , and so -- as some people see it -- they 're asking for trouble . The hearings were also about freedom -- the freedom to indulge in independent thought , even if it means biting the hands of liberal benefactors . You heard that criticism leveled at Thomas , who opposes affirmative action even though -- according to his critics -- he benefited from it . And the public humiliation that Thomas suffered remains a prime example of the liberal establishment trying to put someone in his place . Now , in an outrageous example of patronizing language that borders on hate speech , MSNBC analyst Karen Finney declared that the only reason that Cain is popular with white Republicans is because "  he 's a black man that knows his place . " We could have guessed this was coming , sooner or later . In the latest installment of "  Liberals Gone Wild , " the black Republican presidential candidate who knows his place is put in his place by a liberal commentator . Cain should be glad about one thing . As the attacks on him intensify , it proves definitively that he 's moving up in the world . As voters continue to respond favorably to the fact that he 's not a professional politician , he 's gone from novelty act to legitimate presidential contender . When that happens , there are those in both parties who will try to destroy you . Even if it means -- just as it did 20 years ago -- hurting the country in the process . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : Cain sex harassment charges a political attack as with Clarence Thomas He says Cain fumbled situation , but story is really about media , others pushing him from the race He says conservative black politicians are subject to stereotypes
CNN  -- Three aid workers kidnapped in Somalia have been released after nearly two years in captivity . International Aid Services said the kidnappers seized their employees in July 2012 in Puntland , Somalia . "  Extended discussions with the actual kidnappers resulted in the release of the hostages , " the relief agency said in a statement . The three were abducted while traveling in two cars that included three local police officers , who were wounded but not kidnapped during the attack . The three hostages , Janet Kanga , Martin Kioko and Abdinoor Boru , were released Thursday , according to the relief agency . United Nations officials helped transport them to a safe location , where they 'll be held until they 're reunited with their relatives in Kenya . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Kidnappers seized them in July 2012 in Puntland , Somalia The three hostages were released Thursday They were later transported to a safe location
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Gertrude Baines , a 114-year-old California resident , will likely be crowned the world 's oldest woman , according to the organization that keeps track of such honors . Gertrude Baines told CNN two years ago that she has taken good care of herself , "  the way  God  wanted me to . " The previous oldest woman was Maria de Jesus , who died this week in Portugal at age 115 , Guinness World Records said . Baines -- born to former slaves in a small town south of Atlanta , Georgia , in 1894 -- now lives in a Los Angeles nursing home . Baines appeared cheerful and talkative when the Los Angeles Times interviewed her in November as she cast her vote for Barack Obama for president , whom she said she supported because "  he 's for the colored people . " "  I 'm glad we 're getting a colored man in there , " she said . Baines apparently prefers using the older term for her race . She was well into her 70s when "  African-American " became the common reference in the United States . Watch Baines speak to CNN She told the Times she spends most of her time "  doing nothing but eating and sleeping . " When CNN interviewed Baines two years ago , she was asked to explain why she thought she has lived so long . "  God . Ask him . I took good care of myself , the way he wanted me to , " Baines said . Her only child , a daughter , died of typhoid fever at age 18 . Much of her long life was lived in Ohio , where she worked as a "  house mom " at a state university . She eventually divorced and traveled to Los Angeles , where she retired . Baines will not officially be given the title until after Guinness World Records completes an investigation , the organization said . "  Maria was crowned the world 's Oldest Living Woman by Guinness World Records on 28 December upon the death of Edna Parker , " the group said . Parker -- an American -- was 115 years , 220 days old when she died November 26 , 2008 , in an Indiana nursing home , it said .	Gertrude Baines , 114 , likely to be named world 's oldest woman Follows death of 115-year-old Maria de Jesus in Portugal this week Baines was born to former slaves near Atlanta , Georgia , in 1894
CNN  -- The tea party-backed challenger who narrowly lost a Republican primary runoff in Mississippi to longtime Sen. Thad Cochran says he plans to file a legal challenge contesting those results "  any day now . " State Sen. Chris McDaniel said Friday on CNN 's "  New Day " that "  the integrity of the process matters . We believe on that night of June 24 there were thousands of irregularities and we 've already found thousands of irregularities in the process . " McDaniel also defended his campaign 's offer - announced Thursday - of rewards of $ 1,000 each for individuals providing "  evidence leading to the arrest and conviction of anyone involved in voter fraud . " And McDaniel said "  we condemn any racist comments what so ever , " when asked by CNN anchor Kate Bolduan about a bizarre Cochran campaign conference call on Wednesday that included borderline racist comments by an unidentified caller who appeared to be a supporter of the challenger 's campaign . Led primary , lost runoff McDaniel narrowly edged Cochran in a June 3 primary , but with neither man cracking the 50 % threshold needed to win , the contest moved to the runoff three weeks later , which Cochran won by fewer than 7,000 votes . His victory was aided by votes from African-American Democrats , who were actively courted during the runoff by Cochran 's campaign and allied groups . According to Mississippi law , voters are not required to register with a political party , and anyone who does n't vote in a primary election can cast a ballot in either party 's runoff . Since the runoff , McDaniel has refused to concede and has repeatedly vowed to use every legal maneuver available to fight the results . McDaniel alleges that some Democrats who voted in the runoff had previously cast a ballot in their party 's Senate primary . "  Right now , we have found we have found more than 5,000 irregularities . There are more than 19,000 absentee ballots we still have n't seen yet , " McDaniel told CNN . Disputed claims The Cochran campaign disputes McDaniel 's claims , and numbers . "  The time has come now for the McDaniel campaign to put up or shut up . If they have hard evidence , bring it forward . But quit talking about exaggerated numbers that they know are not true , " Cochran campaign spokesman and adviser Austin Barbour said Wednesday . After last week 's runoff , McDaniel 's campaign dispatched volunteers across Mississippi to investigate the results in the state 's 82 counties . FreedomWorks , one of the anti-establishment groups that 's been supporting McDaniel , dispatched activists to assist the campaign . Separately , a conservative outside group filed a lawsuit in federal court asking for full access to the voting records in the primary and runoff elections . Wo n't drag out McDaniel said on "  New Day " that the process "  wo n't drag out too much longer . We have our people in the field . They 'll be working all next week to find the additional irregularities that we believe are out there . " McDaniel added that "  after that , we 'll have our evidence together and move forward . " And he defended his campaign 's use of reward money , "  if fraud was committed . " He added , "  If vote buying took place as alleged , we have an obligation to find it and root it out once and for all . There 's nothing wrong with that process . It needs to happen for the integrity of the election process . " McDaniel pushed back allegations that he 's contesting the runoff results to further his political career and pay off campaign debts . "  We do n't have any primary debt , not one dime , " McDaniel told Bolduan , adding that what he 's now doing is "  bigger than a campaign , it 's bigger than a candidate , it 's bigger than me . " ` Join us in the process ' And he urged the Cochran campaign to "  join us in this process . Why not go out there hand and hand and lets find the corruption if it exists . " But that offer did n't fly with the Cochran camp . "  It 's obvious that Chris McDaniel does n't care about the integrity of the process or he would n't be offering thousand-dollar bounties in e-mail fundraising blasts and flat out stating that the election was stolen and the election was a sham without any proof , " Cochran spokesman Jordan Russell told CNN . "  So I think he needs to spare me the ` why wo n't they join us in protecting the integrity of the process . ' Chris McDaniel does n't care anything about the integrity of the process . Chris McDaniel cares about staying in the spotlight . " McDaniel condemns race comments On Wednesday 's Cochran campaign conference call , a person who appeared to be a McDaniel supporter asked "  since black people harvested cotton , why is it OK to harvest their votes ? Why is it OK to harvest the votes of black people ? " Asked about those comments , McDaniel said "  we condemn any racist comments what so ever . But bear in mind , we have no idea who that person is . " He added , "  You understand there are people out there we have no control over . " If his legal challenge to the runoff results is turned down by the courts , McDaniel told CNN that "  certainly we 'll respect the court 's decisions . As to endorsing or going forward with Thad Cochran or whoever else , I 'm going to have to make that call after all this is said and done . " 5 controversial moments in the Mississippi election Mississippi tea party leader tied to campaign smear dead in apparent suicide Blogger 's arrest shakes up Mississippi Republican primary CNN Political Editor Paul Steinhauser and Jeremy Diamond contributed to this report .	McDaniel tells CNN he plans to file legal challenge "  any day now " He says his team 's found more than 5,000 voting irregularities in runoff vote McDaniel defends use of reward money , condemns any use of racist language
CNN  Michael Peres is obsessed with photographing snowflakes with a microscope . He catches the snowflakes on a piece of black velvet , runs into his garage and places the delicate flakes on a microscope slide with a dissecting needle before they melt . Using envelopes or newspapers as background , he captures colors reflected in the magnified flakes . His hobby began 13 years ago , when the photography professor at Rochester Institute of Technology first began tinkering with how to capture the fleeting beauty of individual flakes before they melted . "  I have a love-hate relationship with winter , " said Peres , who has lived in Rochester , New York , for 30 years . "  I hate shoveling and cleaning my car off , but there 's no other way to photograph snowflakes if you 're not in a place where it snows . " Peres shares his photos of snowflakes and other objects on his Instagram account with the hashtag #tinythings .	Michael Peres loves photographing "  very small things " He mounted his camera to a bellows to shoot images through a microscope Peres has 30 seconds to 2 minutes to shoot , depending on the temperature
CNN  -- The body-checking incident that left a National Hockey League player with a concussion and fractured vertebrae has not only some fans concerned but also at least one corporate sponsor -- Air Canada fired off an open letter to NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman , threatening to yank its sponsorship of the league . The letter , sent last Wednesday by Denis Vanda , director of marketing communication for the airline , expressed Air Canada 's concern about recent violent checks . The letter said unless the league "  takes immediate action with serious suspension to players to curtail these life-threatening injuries , Air Canada will withdraw its sponsorship of hockey . " Boston Bruins ' Zdeno Chara slammed Montreal Canadiens ' Max Pacioretty during last Tuesday 's game , causing Pacioretty to fall to the ice . Pacioretty was taken from the ice on a stretcher and currently he is in a hospital . He is out indefinitely , according to Canadiens ' coach Jacques Martin . Chara received game penalties , but no fine or suspension . The NHL said it stands by its ruling that no suspension is warranted . Veteran sportscaster Len Berman told CNN the controversy may not be over . "  The commissioner has already said it 's not going to affect anything , but I have to guarantee you that if sponsors stepped up and said , ` Hey we 're going to be pulling out ' that the NHL is going to listen . " The NHL 's annual general managers meeting began Monday with attendees looking at the effects of the leagues ' Rule 48 , put into effect this season and banning purposeful checking of players ' heads and from their blindsides , according to NHL.com . During the meeting in Boca Raton , Florida , the NHL released data showing there has been a decrease in the incidences of concussions during the League 's 2010-11 season . NHL.com says the data shows one blindside hit that has caused concussion this season , compared to four from the previous season . For a lot of hockey fans , fights and hard hits are part of the lure of the game . Berman says fans enjoy watching the fights , "  Next time you see a hockey fight , look at all the fans right behind the fight . They all have big smiles on their faces . You never hear booing at a hockey fight . You only hear cheering . " Chara says the hit on Pacioretty was n't intentional and he meant no harm . Yet , days later , Chara -- not known for dirty plays -- is still hearing booing from fans . "  It does n't bother me . It 's just a part of the game . The fans are ... they have the right to express their opinion ... towards different players . " Chara told CNN . But do the sponsors have that right ? One player sees it both ways . Andrew McDonald , a New york Islanders ' defenseman , said , "  I can see their concern . They 're obviously worried about player safety ... I think as players , we appreciate that . But again , as players , we know what we 're going into when we go into a hockey game . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt and Laura Batchelor contributed to this report .	A body check during a National Hockey League game last week put one player in the hospital Air Canada tells the NHL to "  curtail these life-threatening injuries " The airline says is might withdraw its sponsorship Sportscaster Len Berman says pressure from sponsors could cause the NHL to act
London  CNN  Britain 's Royal Mint has unveiled a new portrait of Queen Elizabeth II , which will gradually appear on coins in the United Kingdom . It is the fifth portrait of the British monarch to be used on coins during her 63-year reign . Production of the new coins began Monday , and they will appear in circulation later this year , the Royal Mint said . The new design depicts the Queen wearing the royal diamond diadem crown from her coronation . Artist Jody Clark said he researched images online when deciding which crown to use . "  I think it 's the most familiar and I wanted to make some clear distinctions between the  most recent  portrait by Ian Rank-Broadley FRBS , as Her Majesty really has n't aged too much in the years since . " "  FRBS " refers to Rank-Broadley 's fellowship in the Royal British Society of Sculptors , a professional organization that advances the art of sculpture . A panel selected Clark 's design from a number by specialist designers across Britain invited to submit anonymous work . The design was then submitted to the British chancellor and the Queen for final approval . Clark is a member of the Royal Mint 's team of designers and engravers . He is the first mint engraver to produce a definitive royal coinage portrait in more than a century , the organization said . "  Jody 's achievement is something that we can celebrate as a proud moment for The Royal Mint . Capturing a portrait on the surface of a coin demands the utmost skill , and is one of the most challenging disciplines of the coin designer 's art , " chief executive Adam Lawrence said . "  This change of royal portrait will make 2015 a vintage year for UK coins , and it will be hugely exciting for us all to see the new design appear on the coins we use every day . " Royal coinage portraits are usually updated every 15 to 20 years , the Royal Mint said . The last portrait was created by sculptor Rank-Broadley in 1998 .	Britain 's Royal Mint unveiled a new coinage portrait of Queen Elizabeth II on Monday Production of coins with the new image has begun , and they will be in circulation this year The portrait was designed by Royal Mint engraver Jody Clark
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- "  Easy money , fast and effective . " Investors protest outside the headquarters of DMG , one of many companies accused of defrauding the public . That was the name of one of the businesses in which millions of Colombians deposited their life savings after being promised short-term returns of as much as 150 percent . But government officials say the businesses were pyramid schemes that raked in at least $ 200 million from 3 million people . The government has said it knows who most of those responsible are , but they have escaped . The government is tracking them down . Sergio Munoz is among those who lost their savings . "  That was for my children , " he said . "  Now , it comes to light that they have robbed us . It was with complicity of the authorities who permit this -- knowing that it is illegal for it to be permitted . " The government says the businesses defrauded the public by offering false promises of a sure investment . Wilson Rodriguez handed over the equivalent of $ 80,000 to a money man who offered him what he thought were assets in hotels and property in exchange . Now , he does n't know whom to approach . "  I do n't even have enough to care for my family , " he said . "  I lent money and what I make from my salary goes to pay off debts . I have nothing . I lost everything . " Infuriated investors have demonstrated outside the headquarters of several companies in question across the nation . Worried that the situation has already led to physical altercations and riots , President Alvaro Uribe asked that authorities act immediately to bring those responsible to justice . "  We are asking the public prosecutor to speed up the resolution of the cases , " he said . "  The national police has handed to the prosecution the power to intervene in pyramids . " Treasury Minister Oscar Ivan Zuluaga said the government is not to blame . "  The government had advertised all this time about the illegality of this operation , warning Colombians not to let themselves be defrauded , not to take their money to these illegal activities , " he said . Meanwhile , some observers complain that , though the investors may shoulder some blame , the government could have mitigated their losses by moving more quickly . And , they note , some of the alleged pyramid schemes continue to stay in business .	Pyramid schemes robbed 3 million Colombians of at least $ 200 million , officials say Many businesses promised returns as high as 150 percent Treasury Minister Oscar Ivan Zuluaga says government warned against schemes Authorities tracking down people behind businesses , many of whom have escaped
CNN  -- DNA from a 45,000-year-old leg bone is giving scientists a better idea of when modern humans first started mating with Neanderthals . The thigh bone was found six years ago on the banks of the Irtysh River in Siberia by Nikolai Peristov , a Russian artist who carves jewelry from ancient mammoth tusks , according to the journal Nature . "  It was quite fossilized , and the hope was that it might turn out  to be  old . We hit the jackpot , " Bence Viola , a paleoanthropologist who co-led a study of the remains , told Nature . "  It was older than any other modern human yet dated . " 2013 : Oldest human DNA found in Spain For those who are n't familiar with our Stone Age ancestors , Neanderthals are an extinct species of human who differ in DNA from what scientists call "  modern humans " by less than 1 % . Modern humans first left Africa about 60,000 years ago , according to National Geographic , and wandered toward Asia and Europe . There , they encountered Neanderthals and another species of human called Denisovans . Scientists believe Neanderthals died out about 30,000 years ago , possibly because they were simply absorbed into the modern human population . Roughly 2 % of genomes of non-Africans today come from the Neanderthal species , according to Nature . Until now , scientists had n't pinpointed exactly when Neanderthals and modern humans began interbreeding . Sequencing of the 45,000-year-old bone 's DNA showed that 2.3 % of his genome also came from Neanderthals , according to a study published Wednesday . His Neanderthal DNA segments were long , the scientists say , which suggests that the love fest between the two species began between 50,000 and 60,000 years ago . "  Paternal and maternal chromosomes are shuffled together in each generation , so that over time the DNA segments from any individual become shorter , " Nature explains . 7,000-year-old male , dark skin , blue eyes , likes hunting ... Of course , when it comes to evolution , there 's always a debate . Some scientists believe modern humans left Africa more than 100,000 years ago . "  This is just a random find in a Siberian river deposit , " Chris Stringer , a paleoanthropologist at London 's Natural History Museum , told Nature . "  What else could be there when they start looking systematically ? "	Scientists sequence DNA of 45,000-year-old leg bone found in Siberia Study : Modern humans and Neanderthals mated 50,000 to 60,000 years ago Roughly 2 % of genomes of non-Africans today come from Neanderthal species
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Justin Bieber 's focusing on making new music in the hip-hop capital of Atlanta , while lawyers in three other cities prepare to defend him in court . Bieber , who graduates from being a teen pop star when he celebrates his 20th birthday Saturday , has several court dates on his calendar next month . Miami DUI case There are good reasons that Bieber 's lawyers could reject a plea deal and demand a jury trial for the drunken driving charge in Miami , according to a Florida lawyer familiar with the case . Lawyers sometimes beat the charge in court . A lawyer can defend a DUI charge by focusing on the technical aspects of the arrest and testing , questioning whether police did everything right , attorney Michael Salnick told CNN . If problems or deficiencies are found in what law enforcement did , those issues could be challenged . Was there probable cause for police to stop the singer 's Lamborghini ? GPS tracking data suggests the sports car was not speeding in the minutes before the arrest . If the judge lets a jury hear that , it might create reasonable doubt about the police officer 's claim he stopped Bieber and friend Khalil Sharieff after seeing them drag racing on a residential street . Was there probable cause for the officer to test Bieber 's sobriety ? The arresting officer said he became suspicious because he smelled alcohol on the singer 's breath , but lab tests later showed the alcohol level in his system was well below Florida 's legal limit for drivers under the drinking age of 21 . Bieber 's lawyer could argue that the officer made it up to justify the arrest . His defense might be bolstered if the judge allows the officer 's disciplinary record to be used to challenge his credibility . While the alcohol level was below the legal limit , a preliminary toxicology report on Bieber 's urine sample said he tested positive for "  metabolite of THC , " which indicates marijuana use , and alprazolam , the generic name for the prescription sedative Xanax . "  Yeah , we were smoking all night at the studio , " the singer told a police officer who told him he "  reeked of marijuana , " according to police documents . No-risk trial in Florida Defendants sometimes accept plea deals because they fear a judge would impose a tougher sentence if they were convicted in a trial . That 's not a risk with Florida 's DUI law , Salnick said . A judge would not give a sentence any different than what a prosecutor might offer in a plea deal , but a plea deal might allow the DUI charge to be kept off the defendant 's criminal record , replaced by reckless driving , he said . Probation rules -- including a drug-testing requirement -- would be the same . So , why go to trial ? An acquittal would be Bieber 's only way to avoid probation and drug testing , short of persuading the Miami prosecutor to drop the case , Salnick said . The prosecutor in Miami has not discussed a plea agreement with Bieber 's lawyer , Ed Griffith , a spokesman for the Miami-Dade state attorney 's office told CNN Tuesday . "  It 's way too early to offer a plea deal , if one was to be offered . " Bieber could choose the DUI diversion program that is available to all first-time offenders , Griffith said . It would last between six and nine months with random drug testing , about $ 1,000 in fines and fees , 40 hours of community service , an alcohol education class . In addition , Bieber would have to attend a session in which victims of DUI wrecks tell their stories . "  There are 11 stories presented by real victims and sometimes defendants who relay their experiences , " a description of the three-hour session said . "  There is a quiz at the end , and the defendant has to score 100 percent prior to completion . " Deal or no deal , first-time offenders rarely go to jail if convicted of drunken driving in Florida , Salnick said . Bieber is likely not facing jail , unless he violates probation -- such as by failing a drug test . A trial had been scheduled to start next Tuesday , but instead a "  sounding " hearing will be held with lawyers talking to the judge about preparations for a trial . Toronto assault charge Bieber 's best resolution of an assault charge in Toronto may be a plea deal that includes a "  diversion " plan , according to a Canadian lawyer interviewed by CNN . "  If he goes to trial , he probably would be convicted , " said attorney James Morton , a past president of the Ontario Bar Association . "  The Canadian system 's conviction rate is extraordinarily high . " Just 3.5 % of all defendants who plead not guilty and go to trial are acquitted , he said . Bieber allegedly struck his limousine driver on the back of his head several times while driving to a Toronto nightclub in December . Toronto prosecutors are likely already talking to Bieber 's lawyer about a plea deal with a "  conditional discharge , " in which the case would not be prosecuted if he takes part in anger management and community service , Morton said . It 's the likely result for a young person without a criminal record who is not a celebrity , he said . Prosecutors will be under "  intense scrutiny " and will want to avoid a deal that "  looks like they 're favoring a famous Canadian star , " he said . The first court hearing is set for March 10 , but Bieber does not have to be there . A magistrate will hold several hearings over the next few months to make sure the prosecution has handed over all of its evidence , including statements and any video , to the defense before the case is assigned to a judge for trial , Morton said . California egg probe Bieber faces a possible vandalism charge in connection with eggs tossed at his neighbor 's home last month , which caused an estimated $ 20,000 damage to a Calabasas , California , mansion . The egging case is what lawyers call a "  wobbler . " The Los Angeles County district attorney 's office could prosecute it as a misdemeanor or a felony under California law . It is up to the prosecutor to decide how serious the case is , based on a defendant 's criminal history and other circumstances . A prosecutor has had the results of the sheriff 's investigation for almost three weeks , and a decision could come soon . A felony vandalism conviction could bring up to three years in prison and a $ 50,000 fine . The maximum penalty for a misdemeanor conviction is a year in the county jail and a $ 50,000 fine . A felony conviction could also limit Bieber 's ability to work in the United States , because he is a Canadian citizen with a work visa . Investigators searched his $ 6.5 million home last month , seizing the security video . Detectives gave the district attorney video clips identified from the night of the egg attack to use in the prosecution of Bieber . Another video recorded by the neighbor was also provided to investigators . Flying high ? The Federal Aviation Administration is looking into allegations that Bieber and other passengers onboard a charter flight from Canada to New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport on January 31 interfered with the flight crew , the agency said . Bieber and his father were "  extremely abusive verbally " to the flight attendant on the Gulfstream IV aircraft as he traveled to attend the Super Bowl , according to a law enforcement sources . Both Biebers refused a pilot 's repeated warnings to stop smoking pot on the flight , according to a report by U.S. Customs and Border Protection , which was read to CNN . The FAA has not said when its investigation will conclude . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Bieber 's Miami DUI case could be headed to a trial , lawyer says No plea offer , but Bieber could choose a "  diversion " program , Miami prosecutor says Taking the Toronto assault charge to trial is not Bieber 's best option , a lawyer says Los Angeles prosecutor nears decision on whether egging case is a felony
CNN  -- With New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer 's resignation , Lt. Gov. David Paterson will become the first African-American governor of the state and the fourth in U.S. history . David A. Paterson at the 2004 Pride Awards ceremony in June 2004 . Paterson , 53 , is legally blind , and although documentation is scarce , it is widely believed that he will be the nation 's first blind governor . Paterson was first elected to the New York State Senate in 1985 , where he represented the 30th District , encompassing Harlem , East Harlem and the Upper West Side . In November 2002 , Paterson was elected New York Senate minority leader . He is the highest-ranking African-American elected official in New York state and is the first nonwhite legislative leader in Albany 's history . He addressed the 2004 Democratic National Convention , as well as the U.S. Conference of Mayors that same year . Paterson was elected New York 's first African-American lieutenant governor on November 7 , 2006 , on a ticket headed by Spitzer . As lieutenant governor , Paterson led the administration 's charge in several areas , including stem cell research , alternative energy , domestic violence and the role of minority - and female-owned businesses . Paterson earned state and national attention for getting a 283-year-old burial ground of Colonial-era African-Americans in lower Manhattan designated a national historic landmark . Paterson is a leading advocate for the visually and physically impaired . His 2004 speech at the Democratic National Convention marked the first time a visually impaired person addressed the convention . He is a member of the American Foundation for the Blind , serves as a member of the Democratic National Committee and is a board member of the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee . According to the National Governors ' Association , previous African-American governors were P.B.S. Pinchback , who served as acting governor of Louisiana for 36 days in 1872-73 while the sitting governor was being impeached ; L. Douglas Wilder of Virginia , who became the nation 's first elected black governor in 1990 ; and Deval Patrick , the current governor of Massachusetts . Paterson 's father , Basil , was the first nonwhite secretary of state of New York and the first African-American vice chairman of the national Democratic Party . He lost a race for lieutenant governor in 1970 and was deputy mayor of New York City under Mayor Ed Koch , according to The New York Times . David Paterson earned his bachelor 's degree in history from Columbia University and got his law degree from Hofstra Law School in 1982 . He lives in Harlem with his wife , Michelle Paige Paterson , and their two children , Ashley and Alex. E-mail to a friend	David A. Paterson is New York 's first African-American lieutenant governor Legally blind , Paterson is advocate for visually and physically impaired Elected to the New York State Senate in 1985 at the age of 31 Father was deputy mayor of New York City , ran for lieutenant governor in 1970
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VICE  -- "  We are breaking the law , " says Madiev Tynchtyk , a member of local government in a small village outside of the Kyrgyz capital of Bishkek , "  but here everyone understands this is a tradition and you ca n't change it . " Madiev kidnapped his wife , Elmira more than 10 years ago . He is one of the many Kyrgyz men who have gotten married through the Central Asian practice of bride kidnapping . In August , VICE traveled to the Issyk-Kul region of Kyrgyzstan to investigate the origins and present-day incarnations of bride kidnapping . We met a family who was preparing their 18-year-old son , Kubanti , to kidnap his desired bride Nazgul , a teenage girl from the next town over . Kubanti gathered his friends into an eight-seat minivan and plotted out the operation : Lure the girl to the neighborhood watering hole  an actual watering hole  , then ambush her and drag her kicking and screaming into the van and away from her family . Bride kidnappings happen in two basic ways : There are "  consensual kidnappings , " where the two people know each other and it is a kind of role-playing , then there 's full-on , off-the-street abductions . Unfortunately , they both look the same . It can be hard to tell if the girl you see crying for her mom and clawing at the faces of her abductors is merely acting out her part for her boyfriend and his family 's sake , or is actually on her way to being married against her will . Although the tradition of bride kidnapping is illegal in Kyrgyzstan , authorities largely ignore the law . Nearly half of all marriages in rural Kyrgyzstan are a result of the practice , with the most common justification being "  tradition . " See the rest of Bride Kidnapping in Kyrgyzstan at VICE.COM Russell Kleinbach , founder of the Kyz Korgon Institute , a non-governmental organization that works to abolish bride-kidnapping , argues that the practice has never been a part of Kyrgyz tradition . "  The main source for Kyrgyz customs is the national epic , Manas . But if you read the entire Manas , nowhere in it does the hero kidnap his wife or even reference the practice . Actually , according to our research , we think the practice of bride kidnapping started in the 19th century and did n't become popular until the 1940s and 50s , when Kyrgyzstan was part of the Soviet Union . What I tell people when I go out to the countryside to educate them about bride kidnapping is ` It 's illegal , it 's against Islam , and it 's not in Manas . ' " Not only are its historical antecedents pretty dubious , bride kidnapping has become a serious danger to the country 's women says Kleinbeck . "  Spousal abuse is higher in kidnapped marriages , the divorce rate is higher in kidnapped marriages , and suicide rates are higher . " None of this seems to phase the men who have participated in this practice . "  We are Kyrgyz , " says Madiev , "  it is in our blood . "	VICE looks at the practice of bride kidnapping in Kygyzstan Men abduct women off the street and force them to be their wives The tradition accounts for nearly half of all marriages in parts of Kyrgyzstan
English Premier League club Liverpool have agreed a $ 36 million deal with Ajax for Uruguay striker Luis Suarez . Liverpool have been haggling with the Dutch outfit over the fee for several days but both announced on their websites that negotiations had proven successful on Friday . The Reds have now been given permission to discuss personal terms with Suarez and will aim to complete the transfer before the European transfer window closes on January 31 . Liverpool reject Chelsea 's bid for Fernando Torres A statement on the official Ajax website read : "  Ajax and Liverpool have reached an agreement over the transfer of Luis Suarez . "  He will make the move to the English club immediately . The deal is worth up to a total of $ 26.5 million  $ 36 million  . " Suarez has n't played a league game for Ajax since November last year after he was banned for seven matches for biting an opponent . The 24-year-old was infamously sent off during the World Cup quarterfinal against Ghana in July after saving a goal-bound attempt with his hands . His switch would mark the first signing Kenny Dalglish has made since he returned to Liverpool as manager . The Scot previously won eight league titles as a Reds player and manager . Liverpool posted a statement on their website that read : "  Liverpool Football Club announced this afternoon that they had agreed a fee of up to $ 26.5 million  $ 36 million  with Ajax for the transfer of Luis Suarez , subject to the completion of a medical . "  The club have now been given permission by Ajax to discuss personal terms with the player and his representatives . " The deal comes on the same day Liverpool revealed they had turned down a multi-million dollar offer from Chelsea for Spain striker Fernando Torres .	English Premier League club Liverpool agree a deal with Ajax to sign Luis Suarez Fee for the 24-year-old Uruguay striker is $ 36 million Suarez will now discuss personal terms with Liverpool
CNN  -- Pakistan 's prime minister named a new head of Inter-Services Intelligence , the country 's powerful spy agency and a critical element in the U.S. fight against insurgents in both Pakistan and neighboring Afghanistan . Lt. Gen. Zahir Ul-Islam , who is currently serving as an army corps commander in the region of Karachi , steps into the new post , the office of Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said Friday . The current ISI chief , Lt. Gen. Ahmed Shuja Pasha , is retiring March 18 , Gilani 's office said . The appointment has been approved by the head of Pakistan 's military , Gen. Ashfaq Pervez Kayani . Kayani submitted three names to the prime minister to select from for the appointment . A spokesman for the Pakistani army would not comment on the matter . "  Obviously , the army chief is close to all three of the individuals he recommended for the position , but we do n't comment on why he chose those names , " said Maj. Gen Athar Abbas , the army spokesman . A U.S. official who was not authorized to speak for attribution said Ul-Islam "  is close to Kayani " and has served in key positions in both the Pakistani army and at the ISI . The official also said Ul-Islam is familiar with the United States . "  During his career ,  Ul-Islam  traveled to the U.S. to participate in U.S. military sponsored training and international fellowship programs , " the official said . It remains to be seen how Ul-Islam 's appointment affects the country 's intelligence relationship with the United States . However , the U.S. official said , "  We would expect  Ul-Islam  to continue cooperation with the United States in our mutual fight against terrorism . " The United States relies on the cooperation to aid its efforts to target al Qaeda and the Taliban , especially as Pakistan-based insurgents continue to provide critical support and manpower to the insurgency in Afghanistan . The appointment comes as Pakistan is reconsidering its ties to the U.S. intelligence service after a tense 2011 in which Pakistan was kept out of the loop as U.S. intelligence tracked al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden to a Pakistani town , flew undetected into the country and killed him . That was followed by the killing of two dozen Pakistan troops when U.S. and NATO forces fired on two border outpost under the mistaken belief they were being attacked by Taliban . In addition , U.S. government and military officials have accused the ISI of aiding and protecting the Taliban . The former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm. Mike Mullen , accused the ISI of protecting a key Taliban group , the Haqqani network , calling it a "  veritable arm " of the Pakistan spy agency . The effect was to chill Pakistani cooperation with the United States . U.S. drone strikes targeting al Qaeda and the Taliban were paused for over a month after the border incident but have since resumed . Even with the tension , there continues to be a "  back and forth " of information sharing , the head of the Central Intelligence Agency , David Petraeus , said in January . He described the relationship as "  strained " and "  fraught , " but said there continued to be intelligence discussions . The Pakistani parliament is preparing an assessment of the overall U.S.-Pakistani relationship , including the intelligence agencies . That will then be used as basis for the Pakistani Cabinet to advise on how the country should move forward . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Nasir Habib reported this story from Pakistan ; Adam Levine and Pam Benson reported from Washington .	An army corps commander takes charge of Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence Lt. Gen. Zahir Ul-Islam replaces Lt. Gen. Ahmed Shuja Pasha , who retires March 18 Ul-Islam "  is close to army chief Gen. Ashfaq Pervez Kayani , a U.S. official says Pakistan has been reconsidering its relationship with U.S. intelligence
CNN  -- The American leg of Miley Cyrus ' tour is now officially over , thanks to an "  extreme allergic reaction " to an antibiotic . Her representative released a statement Friday indicating that "  all remaining U.S. dates on the Miley Cyrus ` Bangerz ' tour have been postponed . " That means that shows scheduled next week for Philadelphia , at Foxwoods casino in Connecticut , and on Long Island , New York are officially off -- at least for now . The announcement is n't entirely unexpected : Her representative said Thursday that the entertainer could need a lot more time to recover from the ailment that landed her in a Kansas City hospital last week . "  Sick of waking up to needles , " the 21-year-old Cyrus tweeted Friday . " #goingthruit . " The singer canceled a show in Charlotte , North Carolina , last week because of what was reported to be a flu-like illness . But the severity of her condition was n't fully known until this week , when she canceled performances in Kansas City and St. Louis . In a statement , her camp explained that Cyrus got a sinus infection while in North Carolina , then "  was prescribed the antibiotic Cephalexin , which she has now suffered an extreme allergic reaction to . " "  This type of extreme reaction can last from five to 27 days in these types of cases , " the statement said . "  She will remain hospitalized and is under a doctor 's care until we see some improvement in her condition and is asking for your compassion and privacy at this time . Miley is devastated about missing shows and possibly disappointing her fans . " But it appears Cyrus wo n't be off the stage for long . Her representative said Friday "  the European leg of the tour will proceed as planned , " starting with a May 2 date in Amsterdam . This summer , she should be back partying in the USA , as she intoned in one of her best-known hits . A slew of new shows , running between August 1 and August 14 , were announced Friday to replace recently canceled ones . Those dates include two additional shows in Pittsburgh and Chicago . Miley : Post-Disney , post-Liam and stronger than ever Miley 's miserable day Is Miley the new Madonna ? CNN 's Carolyn Sung and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	The remaining U.S. dates on Cyrus ' "  Bangerz " tour are called off -- for now The European leg of her tour , set to start May 2 , is still on , her camp says Cyrus has been hospitalized because of an allergic reaction to an antibiotic "  Sick of waking up to needles , " the 21-year-old singer tweets
CNN  -- Testing on blood found in the home of a missing Maine toddler has determined that some of it belonged to the girl , police said Sunday . "  The state crime lab confirms some of the blood samples are Ayla 's , " said Stephen McCausland , a spokesman for the Maine Department of Public Safety , referring to young Ayla Reynolds . The girl 's mother , Trista Reynolds , learned of the news Saturday , McCausland said . A website created by Ayla 's family disclosed the police findings in a posting Sunday , saying investigators told them the blood found was "  more ... than a small cut would produce . " Police declined to comment on the website posting beyond confirming that testing revealed some of the blood was Ayla 's . Earlier Sunday , McCausland said that while some of the blood found in the home 's basement "  was visible to the naked eye , some was n't . " The blood was discovered in the Waterville , Maine , home soon after Ayla was reported missing December 17 . Crime scene investigators used a chemical called Luminol to detect blood that ca n't otherwise be seen , according to McCausland . Investigators , who disclosed the existence of the blood Saturday , wo n't say how much of it was found in the residence , or exactly where . At the same time , police are now publicly casting doubt on the accounts of the three adults -- the toddler 's father , her aunt and the father 's girlfriend -- who were in the home when the then-20-month old child was last seen -- saying they do n't "  pass the ` straight-face ' test in Maine . " "  We feel they know more than they 're telling us , " McCausland said Saturday . "  We do n't think we got the full story . " Justin DiPietro , Ayla 's father , did not respond to calls from CNN this weekend requesting comment on the latest developments . McCausland said Sunday that Ayla 's father "  is still talking to us when we ask him to . " "  We 've been trying to be diplomatic about his participation , and he talks with us when we ask him questions , " the spokesman added . Justin DiPietro sleeps in the basement of the home , which is owned by his mother , Phoebe DiPietro . He told police that at 8 p.m. on December 16 , he put his daughter to bed in her first-floor bedroom . He called police the next morning just before 9 a.m. to report her missing . On Sunday , police outlined where everyone was sleeping that night inside the small , one-story home . Ayla 's aunt -- who also lives in the house -- slept with her own daughter in another first-floor bedroom , police said . That bedroom is across the hall from Ayla 's room . Phoebe DiPietro also has a bedroom directly across the hallway from Ayla , but police say she was not home that night . Justin DiPietro slept in a basement room with his girlfriend and her son , according to McCausland . Police said the adults told them "  someone snuck into the house , went into the bedroom where Ayla was sleeping , and no one heard or saw anything . " Yet "  there is no evidence that we have found that would point to an abduction , " said the state spokesman . "  We do n't know what happened other than we know Ayla did n't walk out on her own , and we have grave doubts she was abducted because there were three adults in the home that night  and  it 's a very small house , " McCausland said . On Saturday , Ayla 's parents appeared together publicly for the first time since their daughter 's disappearance to thank those who have tried to help locate Ayla , CNN affiliate WCSH reported . Ayla 's parents were asked about the discovery of blood in the basement . Justin DiPietro declined to answer , saying he only wanted to thank the public for their kindness , the television station reported . Trista Reynolds reacted emotionally . "  I 'm ready to go knocking at people 's door myself because I want to know what happened to my daughter , and I want to know where she is and who took her or just whatever , like everybody else does , " she said . Reynolds told HLN 's Nancy Grace last month that she raised Ayla for 18 months , and that DiPietro had become involved after she "  needed to go and get a little bit of help for myself . " She told HLN she entered rehab . Justin DiPietro had sole custody of Ayla when she disappeared . DiPietro has said he would never do anything to harm his daughter . "  I have to believe that Ayla is with somebody , and I just want that person to find the courage to do the right thing and find a way to return her safely , " he said in a statement last month . No one has been arrested in the case , and police have not identified anyone else as a suspect . "  We 're not ruling anyone in or anyone out , " McCausland said . McCausland said Saturday that authorities revealed the blood 's discovery six weeks into the case because "  we need information from the public , and we think this might help . "	Testing confirms some of the blood belongs to missing Ayla Reynolds Police say some of that blood "  was visible to the naked eye , some was n't " Three adults were in Ayla 's home the night before she was reported missing Their accounts do n't "  pass the ` straight-face ' test , " a Maine state spokesman says
CNN  -- The U.S. Embassy in Uganda is warning its citizens in the east African nation that regional terror groups "  remain actively interested in attacking " American interests . "  We are particularly concerned about the month of February , " the embassy , based in the capital , Kampala , said in a statement . Uganda is holding presidential elections next month . The embassy advises U.S. citizens to avoid large , public gatherings , "  especially those with large numbers of westerners and/or no visible security presence . " It urges citizens to report any suspicious activity by calling 999 and keeping a charged cell phone at all times . The alert updates previous warnings related to the July 11 , 2010 bombings in Kampala , according to the embassy . More than 70 people died after a pair of bombings struck a restaurant and a rugby ground as patrons gathered to watch the World Cup final . Somalia-based al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attacks . The Islamic militants battling Somalia 's U.N.-backed transitional government have threatened attacks on Uganda and Burundi , which contribute troops to an African Union peacekeeping mission in Somalia .	The embassy advises U.S. citizens to avoid large , public gatherings A bombing in Kampala last July left more than 70 people dead
The families of two men who were gunned down in Boston in 2012 have filed wrongful death lawsuits against former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez , according to court documents . The $ 6 million lawsuits were filed Wednesday on behalf of the families of Daniel Abreu and Safiro Furtado , according to court papers . Hernandez , who is being held on charges related to another slaying , has not been charged in connection with the deaths of Abreu and Furtado . The lawsuits claim that Hernandez "  recklessly " and "  maliciously " shot a firearm from his vehicle into a vehicle carrying Abreu and Furtado , killing them . The two men were shot and killed in Boston while riding in a 2003 BMW . Two others in the car survived . At a news conference Wednesday , Salvatore Furtado said his son , Safiro , "  was a good boy , a hard worker , very intelligent , " according to a woman who interpreted his comments from his native Cape Verdean dialect . Daniel Abreu supported the family and worked two jobs , his father , Ernesto , said . The prosecutor 's office of Suffolk County has not identified any suspects in this case , according to Jack Wark , a spokesman for Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley . The investigation by the homicide unit of the Boston police and Suffolk County district attorney is ongoing and "  very active , " Wark said . Civil suits may be filed while a criminal investigation is ongoing , but the step is unusual , said CNN legal analyst Paul Callan . Civil and criminal cases , however , have different standards of proof . The loss of Abreu and Furtado should matter and there is no reason to wait , said attorney William T. Kennedy . Meanwhile , Hernandez has been moved to a more restrictive jail unit while a fight with another inmate is investigated , Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson told CNN Thursday . Hodgson said the move was n't disciplinary but rather standard procedure . Hernandez has been placed in a higher-level security unit and is allowed out of his cell for one hour a day , the sheriff said . He will not interact with other prisoners and must wear handcuffs and leg shackles . In January , unsealed court documents revealed that police had directly suggested that the former tight end may have pulled the trigger in the unsolved double homicides . "  There is ... probable cause to believe that Aaron Hernandez was operating the suspect vehicle used in the shooting homicides ... and may have been the shooter , " said a recently unsealed warrant from June 2013 . The warrant was used to search a bag of clothes with Hernandez 's name on it and a Toyota 4Runner linked to him that , according to court documents , was seen at the scene of the crime by witnesses the night of the killings . CNN has reported that a grand jury has been looking into whether Hernandez played a role in the drive-by shooting , said law enforcement sources in January . Hernandez is awaiting trial on murder charges in the 2013 shooting death of his friend Odin Lloyd . He has pleaded not guilty . Lloyd 's family also filed a wrongful death suit against Hernandez in December , according to Kevin Phelan , the family 's attorney . Hernandez is also named in another civil suit . A man that sources have described as Hernandez 's "  muscle man , " Alexander Bradley , has filed a civil lawsuit accusing Hernandez of shooting him in the face during an argument after they left a Florida strip club in February 2013 . Bradley lost sight in one eye because of the shooting , according to the lawsuit . CNN 's attempts to reach Hernandez 's attorney were unsuccessful .	The former NFL star is being held on first-degree murder charge in death of Odin Lloyd Families of two men gunned down in separate shootings file wrongful death lawsuits Meanwhile , Hernandez has been moved to a more restrictive jail unit after a fight
CNN  -- Paintings by famous modern artists disappeared from an exhibition in the Netherlands in a predawn art heist Tuesday , shutting down an exhibition in the Kunsthal Rotterdam , where works by Pablo Picasso , Vincent van Gogh , Andy Warhol and Claude Monet are on display . Seven works of "  considerable value " disappeared in the museum theft , spokeswoman Mariette Maaskant said on Netherlands public radio . "  Initial investigations show the burglar was well prepared , " police said in a statement . Painting from Clapton 's collection nabs record price Rotterdam police said evidence has been secured and they are speaking with potential witnesses . Investigators are also looking at security camera footage . The paintings include Pablo Picasso 's "  Tete d'Arlequin " ; Henri Matisse 's "  La Liseuse en Blanc et Jaune " ; and Claude Monet 's "  Waterloo Bridge , London " and "  Charing Cross Bridge , London , " Rotterdam police said . The other three were Paul Gauguin 's "  Femme devant une fentre ouverte , dite la Fiancee , " Meyer de Haan 's "  Autoportrait " and Lucian Freud 's "  Woman with Eyes Closed . " London : Man charged for defacing classic painting at the Tate The Kunsthal 's alarm system went off shortly after 3 a.m. local time , alerting the exhibition hall 's private security detail . When security staffers arrived by car , they saw that the paintings were missing , Rotterdam police spokesman Roland Ekkers said . They informed police , who started an investigation . The works belong to a private collection that is being shown for the first time to the public , according to a Kunsthal statement . The Triton Collection has taken 20 years to assemble and includes more than 150 works of modern art from the "  late nineteenth century to the present day . " It spans art movements from impressionism and expressionism to cubism and constructivism . Its roster of artists boasts the names of Marcel Duchamp , Piet Mondriaan and George Braque , to name just a few . Andy Warhol 's '15 minutes ' of fame are not up yet Journalist Dominique Van Heerden contributed to this report .	7 stolen works were by Picasso , Matisse , Monet , Gauguin , others Paintings of "  considerable value " were taken , Kunsthal Rotterdam spokeswoman says The collection contains more than 150 works of art , including artists Duchamp , Braque The early morning break-in triggered an alarm and a security response
If you 're traveling over the holidays , chances are you 're not looking forward to spending time in a crowded , stressful airport . Faced with the prospect of long waits , deafening public-address systems , and indigestion , you may quickly lose that festive feeling . O'Hare Airport in Chicago ranked third because 90 percent of its restaurants offer low-fat , fiber-rich , veggie-heavy meals . Still , airports are not all bad . In fact , based on research Health magazine has done to find America 's Healthiest airports , some are actually working hard to make your traveling experience healthier by offering nutritious food , special relaxation zones , walking paths , the latest safety technology , and a whole lot more . We scored the nation 's major airports , see how we did it , and then asked a panel of expert judges  meet them here  to help us choose the top 10 . Congratulations to the winners . And to those airports that failed to make our list : Please shape up ! 1 . Phoenix Sky Harbor International 42 million passengers per year Our top scorer won rave reviews for its commitment to a comfortable , low-stress experience for flyers . Sky Harbor 's healthful dining options scored well on the annual Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine airport-food scale , which measures the percentage of eateries with healthy offerings at major airports . Tempting low-fat choices include Yoshi 's Asian Grill 's avocado-cucumber sushi and edamame , Roadhouse 66 Bar 's veggie burgers , and Oaxaca 's vegetable burrito . "  Burrito spots are great in airports because they often have several options that are healthy and fast , " says judge Amy Lanou , Ph.D. , a senior nutrition scientist for PCRM . Also elevating the Phoenix experience is a video-paging system that lists and announces names , making them accessible amid the usual din . There are even two pet parks where traveling canines can work off energy before or after a flight . And the airport is always open to change : After a family with a disabled son suggested upgrades , the airport recently added adult changing stations to its family bathrooms . Plus , the airport 's bathrooms are widely known as some of the nation 's cleanest . 2 . Baltimore/Washington International 21 million passengers per year Baltimore/Washington International now features soft music and comfortable lighting at one of its key security checkpoints , instead of the usual crowding and confusion . The changes are part of the Transportation Security Administration 's new Checkpoint Evolution program designed to reduce stress and hike safety . "  High-stress areas are the perfect camouflage for bad guys , " says TSA spokesperson Christopher White . To take stress down another notch , walk the BWI Trail , a 12.5-mile hiking-and-biking path that circles the airport and goes through wetlands and forest areas ; it 's accessible from public areas of the terminal . Still stressed ? Get a seated massage at the Destination Relaxation spa . Health.com : America 's healthiest spas 3 . O'Hare International  Chicago 76 million passengers per year Big airports usually have a great selection of healthy food , Lanou says . That 's one reason why O'Hare International , the second-busiest airport in the world , is in PCRM 's top 10 . More than 90 percent of its 100 restaurants offer low-fat , fiber-rich , veggie-heavy meals . CIBO Express , for instance , has grilled veggie salads and kosher crackers and chips . O'Hare also wins points for its super-fun children 's play areas and the fitness facility in its on-site Hilton Hotel , which offers workout equipment plus massages , a sauna , a lap pool , showers , and a Jacuzzi . Day passes are $ 15 . 4 . Detroit Metropolitan 36 million passengers per year A white Christmas is wonderful -- except when it ruins your travel plans or makes them unsafe . Detroit Metro is working hard to limit the risks . The National Weather Service recently recognized the airport as the nation 's first "  StormReady airport system . " Airport police officers , firefighters , and field-maintenance and security personnel are being trained as weather spotters ; if they 're aware of approaching storms , they alert airline employees  who consider boarding delays  , disseminate information to keep ticket-holders from being stuck at gates without knowing why , and develop evacuation and sheltering plans . And should the weather delay you in Detroit  always a possibility during the winter  , finding a healthy meal is easy . The airport partners with local health organizations to flag heart-healthy dishes on restaurant menus . Sushi , anyone ? Health.com : America 's healthiest restaurants 5 . Denver International 50 million passengers per year The largest airport in the United States can also boast about its energy efficiency . Acres of solar panels provide enough electricity to run half the airport 's train system . The green electricity dramatically reduces carbon emissions -- equal to the impact of 255,000 gallons of gasoline  enough to power 500 cars for a year  . The airport also has a recycling system built into the runways and taxiways to collect 70 percent of the glycol used to de-ice aircraft . "  You 've got to tip your hat to Denver International for establishing themselves as a model , " says judge Steve Howards , executive director of the Clean Airport Partnership , a nonprofit group devoted to improving environmental quality and energy efficiency at airports . Denver also receives high marks for its close-to-75-percent on-time arrival and departure rates , the second-largest public art collection in Colorado , free Wi-Fi , and healthy restaurant choices . Health.com : America 's healthiest grocery stores 6 . Washington National 19 million passengers per year Anything that helps you take your mind off the fact that you 're in an airport waiting to be crammed into a tiny airplane seat is a good thing . The museum-quality artwork at Ronald Reagan Washington National is the perfect diversion . Architect Cesar Pelli integrated 30 works -- stained glass , marble and glass mosaics , terrazzo , cast bronze , hammered aluminum and copper , and traditional paint on board and canvas -- into terminals B and C . If your flight 's got a major delay , you can even get some fresh  fume-free  air at this airport : Try the walking-and-biking trail that goes through the airport grounds ; flyers can access it by exiting terminal C . Our judge Tom Parsons , CEO and founder of BestFares.com , also gives Washington National props for being one of the easiest airports to get around in because of its one big terminal . 7 . Dallas/Fort Worth International 60 million passengers per year There 's no better place for a family layover than Dallas/Fort Worth International  DFW  , which has two 600-square-foot play areas that feature padded airplanes , taxis , and luggage for climbing , plus a TV showing kids ' cartoons . DFW also scores high for its green fleet . Of the airport 's 580 vehicles , from buses to lawn mowers , 540 are hybrids or run on compressed natural gas . And thanks to restaurants like Tequilerias , which serves nutritious options such as jicama and mango salads , the airport stands tall in PCRM 's food rankings . 8 . Logan International  Boston 28 million passengers per year If you 're a green fanatic , you 'll love this : Logan 's terminal A , its biggest , is the world 's first airport terminal certified by the U.S. Green Building Council for using the highest green construction standards . It features roofing that reflects heat , special stormwater-filtration devices , low-flow faucets , waterless urinals , self-dimming lights , recycled construction materials , and more . And Logan 's compressed-natural-gas shuttle buses prevent 7 tons of pollution emissions from reaching the atmosphere and causing smog every year , the equivalent of taking nearly 800 cars off the road . You care more about comfort than the environment ? Logan pampers all weary travelers with 50 wooden rocking chairs , 16 decorated by local artists . 9 . Portland International  Oregon 15 million passengers per year You 'd expect an airport in the crunchy Northwest to go all-out for the environment . Portland does n't disappoint with a paved bicycle-and-walking path that links local hotels , businesses , and regional hiking and biking trails to the airport . The airport offers free covered bicycle parking adjacent to the terminal , too . Our judges also laud Portland 's recycling of cooking oil into biodiesel fuel , the abundance of live trees in the terminals , and the musicians -- mostly local stationed throughout the airport to lower the stress level . "  Loudspeaker noise on top of ambient noise is really hard on your senses , " Lanou says . "  The whole traveling experience is a lot easier when you know you do n't have to listen to just PA-system announcements . " Not surprisingly , Portland 's Laurelwood brew pub offers certified-organic beers . And the airport gets high marks for on-time departures : 80-plus percent in the latest Transportation Department annual reporting period . 10 . Philadelphia International 32 million passengers per year If you get sick at the airport , what do you do ? In Philadelphia you can head straight to the new AeroClinic , where nurse practitioners and physician assistants can diagnose and treat minor conditions like colds , allergies , and flu . The facility also offers well-care checks for people who have high blood pressure , cholesterol , thyroid problems , and diabetes . If you 're feeling fine , get a dose of heart-healthy wine at Vino Volo , the airport 's new wine-tasting bar . And if you 're traveling on a Saturday or Sunday , bring your laptop because Philly International features free Wi-Fi weekends to help you keep your mind off the stresses to come . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Airports offering nutritious food , special relaxation zones , walking paths and more Phoenix airport was ranked No. 1 for healthy eating choices , sushi , edamame Baltimore/Washington International has soft music at security checkpoints O'Hare Airport ranked third because 90 percent of restaurants offer healthy meals
New York  CNN  -- Can buskers from around the world inspire an international peace movement ? That 's the idea behind "  Playing for Change , " a multimedia movement designed to break down global barriers and connect people of every race through the power of music . More than 150 -- mostly street -- musicians from 25 countries have joined their voices to spread their message of peace and create a truly global phenomenon with millions of followers across the world . It all started in 2004 , when Grammy award-winning producer Mark Johnson set off on a musical journey to capture street musicians around the world and combine their voices together . Bringing his mobile studio and cameras with him , Johnson 's mission led him and his small crew to an escapade across the globe -- they tracked the street musicians , put headphones on them and started recording each of their parts , before blending it all together to create unique versions of classic songs , such as "  Stand By Me . " The powerful and versatile performances were mixed and posted online , quickly becoming a worldwide sensation . The band 's version of the Ben E. King classic -- which interwove the performances of 18 street musicians , including a South African choir -- has become an internet hit with more than 40 million views on YouTube alone . Read more : Ladysmith Black Mambazo : How we inspired Mandela The band 's bestselling CD/DVD set "  Playing for Change : Songs Around The World " was also a big hit , debuting at number 10 on Billboard 's Pop Chart in April 2009 . The recordings gave rise to the Playing for Change Foundation , an initiative aiming to inspire , educate and empower youth in Africa and other developing regions by building music schools in communities from Ghana and South Africa to Mali and Tibet . "  We are building schools to give those kids who are deprived ... to give them a chance to express themselves tomorrow -- at least they can learn music , they can be confident , they can learn how to dance , they can be somebody , " says honey-voiced Mermans Kenkosenki from the Democratic Republic of Congo , one of the main singers of Playing for Change . Kenkosenki , along with his compatriot Jason Tamba and Titi Tsira from South Africa , are some of the African voices representing the continent in the movement . They share the stage with musicians from the Netherlands to the United States as part of an international touring band that brings artists of all backgrounds together , raising money and awareness for the foundation . "  There are people who play music for the fame , for money , and there are people who play for the love of it , " says Kenkosenki , who is also the frontman and founder of the band Afro Fiesta . See also : Kanya King : MOBO founder 's top 5 pop picks The foundation 's first school was opened in the spring of 2009 in Gugulethu , a township a few miles outside of Cape Town , South Africa . "  You got so many lost young kids that their parents do n't work , they are unemployed and the kids get to hang around in the streets , they do n't get to go to the school because there is no money to send them , " says Tsiri who is from Gugulethu . "  This school being built in that township is giving that child a chance , a chance to get a free education , get a skill of music and become a professional musician and be the breadwinner of their family , " she adds . So far , the foundation has been running eight programs , working with over 600 children and creating more than 150 jobs . "  It is a great feeling to give a child a skill , " says Tsiri . "  It is the best movement ever -- it is really making a huge change and I am very happy being a part of it . " The Playing for Change roster also includes world-renowned artists such as Manu Chao , Tinariwen , Vusi Mahlasela and Bono . Songs they 've covered include classics such as "  I 'd Rather Go Blind , " "  Gim me Shelter , " "  Sitting On  The Dock Of The Bay and many more . " "  When you look at us you see in each of us a different character , " says Tamba , a skilful guitar player . "  Everyone is doing their thing , it 's not following somebody but is bringing what he has deep in there -LSB- heart -RSB- and together that brings the fire . " Read also : Meet Asa , African pop legend in the making Last year , Playing for Change also joined forces with the United Nations to present "  United , " an original song penned to raise awareness about the opportunities and challenges arising from life in a planet populated by seven billion people . In the acoustic guitar-driven anthem , Kenkosenki sings lines like "  I want to see the world united " before crooning in Lingala , a Bantu language spoken in parts of the DRC . He is then joined by a host of singers across the world , who deliver their parts in Arabic , Hebrew and other languages . "  The whole world played the music , " says Kenkosenki . "  We need to be together to listen to each other -- that 's how it should be , bringing people from different cultures to work together , that to me is powerful . " Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	Playing For Change is a multimedia music movement with millions of followers Over 150 musicians from 25 countries have joined forces to spread a message of peace They 're also involved in the work of building schools for music education in Africa and beyond The band 's version of Stand By Me has over 40 million views on YouTube alone
CNN  -- Up for auction : Spanish airport costing up to a reported $ 1.5 billion , little used . Starting price ? $ 150 million . If that sounds improbable , you have n't been keeping up with the fallout from Spain 's burst property bubble . The fire sale of the country 's first private international airport has become a powerful symbol of the economic downturn triggered by that implosion . With a 4,400-meter-long runway , Europe 's longest , on which the world 's largest airliner , the Airbus 380 , can land , Ciudad Real International Airport sounds as if it has quite a lot going for it . Accepting bids from this week until December 27 , the five-year-old facility 200 kilometers south of Madrid also has a passenger capacity of 10 million people a year and , something rare for an airport , star quality . Last year , the Oscar-winning Spanish director Pedro Almodovar shot part of his last film , the high-flying romp "  I 'm So Excited ! " , at the so-called "  ghost airport , " the Australian reports . ` Do n't land here ! ' Plus points aside , what the airport equivalent of real estate agents might try to gloss over are the huge yellow crosses painted all over the runway . Like hoardings on an abandoned building to keep squatters out , they 're designed to stop pilots landing at the airport by accident , where they could only recently have found themselves surrounded by a gaggle of Almodovar 's actors playing screamingly camp air crew . Which would have been confusing . Another downside is that location , which sounds as though it might have been breezily dismissed amid the giddy excitement of the aforementioned 10-year development boom . No one really goes to Ciudad Real , at least not on vacation . Lonely Planet calls it "  an unspectacular Spanish working town . " The sparsely populated surrounding region of Castile-La Mancha is where the Spanish literary character Don Quixote famously "  tilted at windmills . " Indeed , the airport was first called Aeropuerto Don Quijote . Cervantes ' hero also gave rise to the word "  quixotic , " meaning extravagant , unrealistic and impractical . Hmm . More : Man wakes up locked in on United jet ` Near Madrid ' The airport was meant to serve the Spanish capital and the Andalusian coast by high speed rail , but it appears to have been planned in the same vein as other far-flung but optimistically named airports , such as Paris Beauvais Till   85 kilometers from the French capital  . Low-cost carriers such as Ryanair and Air Berlin flew in to Ciudad Real International , but the airport opened in the same year , 2008 , as the bursting of the Spanish property bubble tipped the country 's economy into double-dip recession . By 2012 , the airport 's custom had dwindled to a few private arrivals , including Prince Harry reportedly flying in for a boar hunt . Later that same year , its operators having filed for bankruptcy , the airport closed for business . Only to open up , now , for bids . In a statement to CNN , however , Francisco Perez , one of the bankruptcy administrators , insisted that widely published reports about the $ 1.5 billion cost to build the airport were untrue . The actual construction cost was only about one-third of that , he said , but it was difficult to determine the overall price tag due to a large number of pending court cases by property owners over expropriation costs for the land where the airport was built . "  We are aware that inside and outside of Spain there 's the idea that building this airport was absurd and does n't make sense economically because it 's an airport ` without passengers , ' " Perez wrote . "  Nevertheless ... that has nothing to do with reality . "  It 's an airport mainly aimed at business and industrial activity -- air cargo and -LSB- other -RSB- businesses in the aeronautical industry , " he said in the statement . "  There is a large amount of unbuilt land , zoned for industrial use , around the airport that is being offered to the buyer as part of the airport package , " he added . Princely sum Who 'd buy an airport ? An idle Saudi prince ? They probably get enough sun . Amazon 's Jeff Bezos could snap it up : he might save on freight . Or maybe Ryanair should actually buy its own airport . They say every cloud has a silver lining . For now , Ciudad Real International is waiting for one to appear .	Airport costing $ 1.5 billion is for sale at $ 150 million Flights at Spain 's so-called "  ghost airport " ceased last year Nearest population center is "  unspectacular town " Bankruptcy administrators dispute claims of "  passenger-less " airport
CNN  -- The body of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev lies unclaimed in a state morgue . Authorities had not yet determined a cause of death on Wednesday , and no one had stepped forward to claim the body , said Terrel Harris , a spokesman for the Massachusetts state medical examiner . The suspects ' mother , Zubeidat Tsarnaev , said she wanted her son to be buried near a Cambridge mosque and told CNN earlier in the week that family members had arranged for a funeral on Tuesday or Wednesday . But the Islamic Society of Boston said Wednesday that the family had not contacted local mosque officials with any funeral requests . The leadership of mosques in Cambridge and Roxbury have discussed the issue and decided that they will hold a funeral for Tsarnaev if they are asked by the family , said Nichole Mossalam , a spokeswoman for the executive director of the Islamic Society of Boston . In Islam , she said , "  we do n't have excommunication . ... This is our obligation . " Suspects ' mother shares doubts about bombing Usually , Muslims are buried the same day as their death . But in addition to the delays required by an autopsy and the massive investigation into the bombings , several Muslim leaders in the Boston area have said they would not perform funeral rites for a man accused of committing so much violence . Since several of the top Imams in the Islamic Society of Boston are not comfortable with presiding over the funeral , they would probably have a "  layperson " do it if asked , Mossalam said . That would be done by an organization that does body-washings and funerals for several mosques in the community , she said . The FBI says Tsarnaev and his 19-year-old brother , Dzhokhar , were behind last week 's double bombing at the Boston Marathon , which killed three people and wounded more than 260 . Tamerlan Tsarnaev died early Friday after a shootout with police , while the wounded Dzhokhar faces federal charges that could lead to a death sentence . "  I do n't care who or what these criminals claim to be , but I can never recognize these criminals as part of my city or my faith community , " said Yusufi Vali , executive director of the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center , the largest mosque in the Boston area . Russia asked U.S. twice to investigate Tamerlan , official says "  All of us Bostonians want these criminals to be brought to justice immediately , " Vali said . "  I am infuriated at the criminals of these bombings for trying to rip our city apart . We will remain united and not let them change who we are as Bostonians . " Tsarnaev attended prayers periodically at the society 's Cambridge mosque , and his younger brother occasionally came along , the group said in a statement issued Monday . After he interrupted sermons twice , in November and January , to criticize the speaker , volunteer leaders "  gave him a clear choice : either he stops interrupting sermons and remains silent or he would not be welcomed , " the statement said . He complied . "  While these suspects did express views counter to our mosque 's philosophy , they never expressed any hint of violent sentiments or behavior , " it said . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has told investigators that his brother was the mastermind of the April 15 bombings and that the two were self-radicalized by the Internet , a U.S. government official said Tuesday . Investigators are trying to corroborate his account , the official said . Friend ` brainwashed ' bombing suspect , uncle says But Imam Talal Eid of the Boston Islamic Institute said this week that he questioned media accounts describing Tamerlan Tsarnaev as a devout Muslim . "  A person who is devoted does not kill innocent people , " Eid said . The suspects ' mother has said she believes her sons were framed . "  Tamerlan was the most gentle , the most nicest , the most loving boy . ... They killed him . They killed him , " she said . "  I think now they will try to make my Dzhokhar guilty , because they took away his voice , his ability to talk to the world , " she added . "  They did it because they did not want to truth to come out . " CNN 's Brian Todd , Caitlin Hagan , Jonathan Wald , Moni Basu and Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	Dead suspect 's mom wants son buried near Cambridge mosque No one has claimed Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's body , official says The family has n't requested a funeral , the Islamic Society of Boston says
CNN  -- Seven people were arrested for allegedly plotting to bomb densely populated areas in Amsterdam , Netherlands , police said Thursday . One member of the group of six men and one woman has ties to a bombing in Madrid , Spain , said Amsterdam police spokeswoman Shermain Canbamme . Late Thursday , police were still searching buildings where the arrests were made , she said . Several shopping areas and the area around a soccer stadium had been closed as a precaution . The suspects were being held at several police stations , police said , and no charges had been filed as of late Thursday night .	6 men , 1 woman arrested ; 1 man has connections to a Madrid bombing , police say Police searching buildings where the arrests were made Shopping areas , area around a soccer stadium closed as a precaution
CNN  -- A Dutch tourist says she recently spotted missing 4-year-old Madeleine McCann at a French restaurant near Montpellier , McCann family spokesman Clarence Mitchell said Wednesday . A handout photo , released September 16 , 2007 , of missing child Madeleine McCann . The tourist said she recognized Madeleine from the many media reports about the child 's May 3 disappearance and may have even seen the well-publicized defect in the little girl 's eye , Mitchell said . "  She and a friend saw a child that they immediately took to be Madeleine , " said Mitchell . "  They actually called out her name . "  A man who was with the child scooped the child up and took her out of the cafe before the girls could take a photograph with their mobile phones , " he said . Mitchell said there is a surveillance tape of the girl in the L'Arche restaurant and Madeleine 's parents are hoping to be able to use it to determine if it is their missing daughter . Mitchell explains how the sighting came about " But The Associated Press , quoting an unnamed police official , is reporting that investigators have determined it was not the missing child . Police watched the closed-circuit video footage , and despite the child looking like Madeleine , it was not her , said the official , who did not want his name published because he is not authorized to speak to media about the case . Madeleine disappeared May 3 , days before her fourth birthday . Her parents , who were vacationing with her in Portugal , have said she disappeared from their room at a resort while they dined in a nearby restaurant . Despite a global search and the attention of celebrities like Virgin Chairman Richard Branson , author J.K. Rowling and soccer star David Beckham , there have been no major breaks in the case . Portuguese investigators in September named the McCanns official suspects in their daughter 's disappearance . The McCanns deny involvement , saying they believe Madeleine may have been abducted by pedophiles and taken to North Africa . A few months ago , there was a reported sighting of Madeleine in Belgium , but nothing came of that report . Last year , excitement grew when a video surfaced of a Moroccan woman carrying a child on her back who looked very similar to Madeleine . Authorities determined that it was the woman 's child . E-mail to a friend	Madeleine McCann possibly seen at roadside restaurant near Montpellier AP : Police say girl on surveillance tape is not Madeleine Man takes girl from restaurant after Madeleine 's name called , spokesman says McCann has been missing since May 3 ; her parents named official suspects
CNN  -- The U.S. could be in for another quiet hurricane season , according to Phillip Klotzbach and William Gray of Colorado State University . Their annual preseason forecast , released Thursday , predicted nine named storms and three hurricanes , one of them major  category 3 or higher  . That 's well below the Atlantic basin average of 12 named storms , six hurricanes and three major hurricanes . They attribute the below-normal prediction to cooler than average water in the Atlantic Ocean and a likelihood of a moderate El Nino developing in late summer or fall . "  The tropical Atlantic has anomalously cooled over the past several months , and the chances of a moderate to strong El Nino event this summer and fall appear to be quite high , " Klotzbach said . "  Historical data indicate fewer storms form in these conditions . " Last year 's forecast was for 18 named storms , nine hurricanes and four major hurricanes . However , there were only 14 named storms and two hurricanes , neither of them major . 2012 and 2014 were the only two years in the past decade in which Gray has gone with a below-normal season in his preseason report . He forecast 10 named storms in 2012 . That year ended up being tied for the third most named storms on record , with 19 . This year 's report also includes the probability of major hurricanes making landfall on U.S. soil :  35 % for the entire U.S. coastline  average for the past century is 52 %  20 % for the U.S. East Coast , including the Florida peninsula  average for the past century is 31 %  19 % for the Gulf Coast from the Florida Panhandle west to Brownsville , Texas  average for the past century is 30 %  28 % for the Caribbean  average for the past century is 42 %	Experts predict nine named storms , three hurricanes , one major hurricane Atlantic average is 12 named storms , six hurricanes , three major hurricanes Moderate El Nino , cooler Atlantic waters cited in forecast
CNN  -- The death toll rose to 13 and number of injured increased to 154 after a truck carrying fireworks to a religious procession exploded Friday in the central Mexican city of Nativitas , government news agency Notimex reported . The explosion occurred when one of the fireworks went astray and landed in the truck carrying "  a significant amount " of other fireworks , Notimex said . The injured persons were being taken to several area hospitals , Mateo Morales Baez told Notimex . CNN 's Nelson Quinones contributed to this report	NEW : 154 people were injured , government news agency says A truck carrying fireworks to a religious procession explodes in Mexico One firework went astray and landed in the truck
CNN  -- As fierce fires continue to rage uncontained , tens of thousands of residents in Colorado are displaced from their homes . Many of them will never be able to return . Fire has devoured their houses . The number of destroyed homes is well into the hundreds and the fire continues to spread . CNN is reporting this is the most destructive fire in Colorado 's history . It is clear that the people of Colorado will need help and that the need will grow until the fire is contained . However , as conditions are unsafe , it is not recommended to go to the affected areas or offer volunteer help . At this time , the best way to help is through donations . State government officials say that the arrival of volunteers at this time would impede the response efforts but that volunteers will be needed during the recovery phase . They ask for those wishing to volunteer be patient and be trained by reputable relief agencies . For more guidance from state officials , check the Help Colorado Now website . But as the situation continues to develop there are organizations already established on the ground and helping those in need . You can help their efforts by making a donation to any one of the following groups . American Red Cross Hundreds of families and individuals have turned to the Red Cross for shelter from the Black Forest fire near Colorado Springs and the Royal Gorge Fire near Ca  on City . They are working with other local organizations to provide food as well . Red Cross employees are meeting with affected residents , assessing their needs , and providing comfort kits and stuffed animals to children . Experts are also standing by to provide preparedness and evacuation information for residents who have not yet had to leave their homes . The Salvation Army The Salvation Army of Pike 's Peak is on the scene providing food and refreshments to evacuees and first responders . While most organizations prefer you make financial donations , The Salvation Army has also placed a call on its Facebook page asking that donations of sports drinks to help the firefighters combating the fire be sent to : 908 Yuma Street Colorado Springs , Colorado 80909 Long-term help After last year 's devastating fires , two long-term funds were established . The Long-Term Recovery Group of Northern Colorado Fund comprises more than 50 nonprofit agencies , government organizations , faith-based groups and concerned citizens . This fund was established to provide long-term care for those affected by the 2012 wildfires and subsequent flooding in Larimer County . The United Way of Larimer County is overseeing this fund . The second is the Pikes Peak Region Long-Term Recovery Group . It aims to provide recovery services to individuals and families affected by the Waldo Canyon Fire in the Pikes Peak Region . This fund provides long-term aid and resources in the following categories : case management and unmet needs , emotional and spiritual care , housing , material donation coordination and construction and clean-up .	Tens of thousands of people are displaced due to raging wildfires in two areas of Colorado Hundreds of homes have been destroyed While the firefighters are battling the blaze , organizations are on the ground to help evacuees
New York  CNN  -- Rather than celebrating Father 's Day on Sunday afternoon , Horace Russell marched with several thousand people to take a stand against the New York Police Department 's controversial "  stop and frisk " policy . "  I feel it every single day , practically , " said Russell , who works as a teacher in the Bronx . "  I 've been pulled over and pushed against fences , frisked , but have never been arrested . " Russell 's story sounded familiar to many of Sunday 's marchers , who want to see action from Mayor Michael Bloomberg , and Police Commissioner Ray Kelly -- either by abolishing or reforming stop-and-frisk . Last year , nearly 685,000 people were stopped by officers in cases that ended with no meaningful charge , according to police department statistics . Of these , 87 % were African-American or Latino , the police department says . "  They profile me because I 'm a Rastafarian and I have dreadlocks , so therefore I get pulled over just for my looks , " said Russell . Sunday 's silent march started at 110th Street and headed down Fifth Avenue , ending at 78th Street after passing Bloomberg 's townhouse on 79th Street . "  I do n't know a single black or Latino male who does n't say he is basically afraid to be out on the streets , " said the Rev. Stephen Phelps , a senior minister at the Riverside Church near West Harlem . He was one of a diverse group of faith leaders , and representatives of some 300 organizations , brought together by the Rev. Al Sharpton 's National Action Network . On Sunday morning , speaking at a Christian Cultural Center , Mayor Bloomberg attempted to preempt the demonstration 's inevitable message : "  I understand why some people want us to stop making stops , " he said . "  Innocent people who are stopped can be treated disrespectfully . That is not acceptable ... Police Commissioner Kelly and I both believe we can do a better job in this area -- and he 's instituted a number of reforms to do that . "  We believe that when it comes to making stops -- to borrow a phrase from President Clinton -- the practice should be mended , not ended . " However , in official circles , there appears to be strong divergence in opinion . "  It 's racial profiling of people who are almost all innocent of any wrongdoing , " said New York City Comptroller John Liu , who was advocating abolition at the protest march . He said he would prefer "  strategies of focused deterrents that we have seen in Atlanta , Chicago and Boston that actually reduce crime . " Jumaane Williams , a New York city councilman from Brooklyn , said Bloomberg and Kelly "  have shown no leadership " on the stop-and-frisk issue . "  Inherent in any police officer 's ability to do their job is their ability to stop somebody they feel is reasonably suspicious . The current policy is not that -- it 's stopping people because they are black or brown . " Williams added , "  Whether you say end it or reform it , we have to end the way that policy currently exists . "	Marchers silently protested New York 's "  stop and frisk " policy The NYPD says last year nearly 685,000 were stopped in cases that did n't end in charges The police department says 87 % were African-American or Latino "  The practice should be mended , not ended , " says the mayor
CNN  -- The former director general of the BBC , in a letter to a British lawmaker , tried to explain what he knew about a journalistic investigation into claims of abuse by Jimmy Savile , a late children 's TV presenter . A slew of sexual abuse allegations against Savile , a BBC star and household name in Britain , have emerged over the past month . A second scandal broke with the news that the BBC show "  Newsnight " had been investigating similar allegations but dropped the case in late 2011 . This week , Mark Thompson , who was director general of the BBC at the time of the "  Newsnight " investigation , provided apparently conflicting statements on what he knew about the allegations and when . How celebrity child sex scandal has rocked the BBC "  I was not notified or briefed about the ` Newsnight ' investigation , nor was I involved in any way in the decision not to complete and air the investigation , " Thompson said in a statement Monday . "  During my time as director general of the BBC , I never heard any allegations or received any complaints about Jimmy Savile . " On Tuesday , an account published in the New York Times quoted Thompson as saying that a BBC reporter told him about the investigation at a party in December . Thompson is now the incoming chief executive at the Times . Questioned by British MP Rob Wilson , Thompson offered an explanation in a letter that attempted to reconcile his two statements . He explained that he learned of the investigation but not its details and was satisfied when he inquired to his senior management and was told that it had been dropped for journalistic reasons . "  I was never formally notified about the ` Newsnight ' investigation and was not briefed about the allegations they were examining and to what extent , if at all , those allegations related to Savile 's work at the BBC , " Thompson wrote in the letter , dated Tuesday . Late BBC TV presenter accused of sex abuse When he learned of "  Newsnight 's " investigation and was told it was dropped , he did not question it , because such decisions are common , he said . He added that he finds the bevy of sexual abuse allegations against Savile "  exceptionally grave . " "  I have been appalled by what I have read and heard in recent weeks and can only imagine the sufferings that these crimes have caused to the victims , " he wrote . The public editor of The New York Times , Margaret Sullivan , wrote that the scandal is enough for the company to think about the baggage he is bringing to New York . "  His integrity and decision-making are bound to affect The Times and its journalism -- profoundly . It 's worth considering now whether he is the right person for the job , given this turn of events , " she wrote Wednesday . The scandal has gripped the UK media , with many questioning who knew what and when about the alleged abuse of young teenage girls , and it threatens lasting damage to the reputation of the UK 's public broadcaster . Savile died in October last year at the age of 84 . London 's Metropolitan Police last week launched a criminal investigation into claims of child sexual abuse by "  Savile and others , " many of which date back to the 1960s and '70s . The force said that more than 200 potential victims had been identified . The BBC said Monday that the editor of "  Newsnight " was "  stepping aside " over questions about why his show never broadcast its investigation into Savile . The furor has shocked a generation in Britain who grew up watching Savile , one of the most recognizable figures in British showbiz from the 1960s to the 1980s , or listening to his radio shows . He was the first host of the BBC 's hugely popular "  Top of the Pops " music show , and his own program , "  Jim 'll Fix It , " ran for almost 20 years . Thousands of children wrote in every week with special requests for him to "  fix , " or make happen . The controversy has prompted a wider examination of an apparent culture of sexism at the BBC in past decades that may have fed into abusive behavior . The allegations against the famous Savile are a reminder of how little the public really knows about celebrities , said Robert Thompson , director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University . "  It 's another one of these instances that shows us whenever there 's someplace we think we wo n't see scandal , eventually , we end up seeing it , " he said . The scandal brings the venerable BBC into question and feeds the state of cynicism that the public feels for media institutions , he said . "  The whole thing is highly disturbing , " he said . CNN 's Thom Patterson contributed to this report .	Mark Thompson was director general of the BBC until earlier this year His conflicting statements about the Savile scandal raised questions He explains in a letter what he knew and when
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Seen from the perspective of 2012 , the stunning Broadway revival of "  Death of a Salesman " offers a powerful reminder that economic policy and family values go hand-in-hand . Although many current politicians like to separate these two issues , the economic foundation of the family is central to its long-term health . In this classic play by Arthur Miller , premiered in 1949 to mesmerized audiences that had lived through the Great Depression , the protagonist is salesman Willy Loman , who is mentally broken down from his constant travel and struggle to make ends meet . "  A small man can be just as exhausted as a great man , " says Loman 's wife , Linda . Loman 's son Biff is unable to find a job and fulfill his father 's hopes . Biff and his brother , Happy , are worried about their father 's mental health , which is rapidly deteriorating . When Willy tries to find a job where he can stay in town to take better care of himself and his family , he ends up losing his job . The story disintegrates from there , culminating with Willy tragically committing suicide with the hope that Biff will use the life insurance money to start his own business . Too often , politicians ignore the kinds of strains that economic problems cause for families . As the historian Matt Lassiter argued in an essay in "  Rightward Bound , " a book I co-edited , the rhetoric about family values is rooted in conservative politics in the 1970s when political activists on the right and popular culture blamed sexuality and feminism , rather than unemployment and inflation , for problems at home . The rhetoric from the 1970s has stuck . Many conservative Republicans such as former U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum still define "  family values " as having to do with matters of popular culture , abortion or sexuality . When the Republican primaries were still being actively contested , it was common to hear pundits argue that Mitt Romney represented the "  economic conservative " in the contest and Santorum was the champion of "  family values . " Indeed Republicans often attack Democrats as having little interest in family values while many Democrats shy away from too much talk about the family for fear of looking as if they are trying to appease the right . But as Willy Loman 's story makes clear , family values are as much about economics as culture . Today , we 're living with economic problems that have a direct correlation on our ability to nurture strong families . The first and most obvious is job growth . The current sluggish recovery has left more than 8 % of the work force without jobs , and millions of other Americans feeling that their futures are not secure . When the men and women who run households do n't feel that their jobs are stable , or they do n't have jobs , tensions quickly mount over basic issues such as paying the rent or mortgage and buying food . According to a Rasmussen poll in 2011 , 67 % of Americans said that the economy was causing strains on their family . The second economic source of instability comes from taking care of the old . Many Americans are struggling to deal with the generational squeeze of taking care of their younger children while helping their elderly parents as well . These pressures are greatly affected by the health of Social Security and Medicare , two programs that play a vital role for middle-class families . While these policies are often discussed as programs for the "  elderly , " they have always been conceived as programs to help working families by providing them some relief from the basic costs faced by older members of their families . In coming years , there will be a very big debate over the costs of these programs and the need for reform . It will be essential that policymakers in both parties do what is necessary to protect and strengthen the programs . The third source of economic strain on the family comes from health care . Health insurance premiums and out-of-pocket costs have been a continually rising burden on family income that few people talk about . If President Barack Obama 's health care reform stands , then it will be essential that policymakers figure out how to make it successful . Central will be the need for the states to set up strong and functional health exchange systems and to make sure that the regulatory provisions in the bill are containing costs . If the program is deemed unconstitutional , policymakers in both parties need to go back to the drawing board to figure out how to improve the system . Finally , there is education . Families are been run ragged by the challenges of higher education . The costs continue to rise even as income stagnates . Millions of Americans feel that the costs of higher education make college degrees impossible to earn . In this economy , a college education is vital to economic success . Public policy most keep the interest rates on student loans at a reasonable level to make sure that families are not crushed by the pressures to finance college costs . The federal government must also make sure that states are financially healthy enough to support state colleges and universities . Americans who are in their 20s and 30s struggling to pay off massive college loans are at a major disadvantage when it comes to setting up their own households . This is one area where Obama and Mitt Romney seem to be in agreement , with both parties promising that they wo n't allow the rates on student loans to increase on July 1 . During the 1930s , President Franklin Roosevelt always understood that family security could only result from economic security . This was a central theme of his presidency . As Roosevelt said upon signing Social Security in 1935 : "  We have tried to frame a law which will give some measure of protection to the average citizen and to his family against the loss of a job and against poverty-ridden old age . " But over the past few decades , we 've lost sight of Roosevelt 's words . It 's time to rethink the notion of family values and remember , as the story of Willy Loman reminds us , that a strong family starts with a strong economy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Too often family values are viewed as separate from economics He says ` Death of a Salesman ' shows how families can be undermined by money woes Some politicians argue that family values are about sexuality and pop culture , Zelizer says He says government must preserve programs that support families
Washington  CNN  -- Four key GOP senators who have announced their support for a "  do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal are prepared to join Democrats in voting to let the bill proceed , aides to the four said Friday . The aides said Susan Collins , Olympia Snowe , Lisa Murkowski and Scott Brown will vote Saturday to end debate on the ban on openly gay and lesbian people in the military , regardless of whether the Senate passes a stopgap spending bill , a continuing resolution to keep the government funded . The four have previously said that bill must be approved first . The Senate is currently working to craft a temporary spending bill , made necessary after Democratic leadership pulled a $ 1 trillion spending bill after Republicans abandoned their support of it . The four senators ' support for the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal would ensure the 60 votes needed to clear the way for the bill to advance even if Joe Manchin , a West Virginia Democrat , votes against it , as is expected . Sen. Joseph Lieberman , who co-sponsored legislation that would repeal the policy , said Friday that the four senators have "  shown courage " in supporting the measure . Lieberman said he believes that the Senate will have more than the 60 votes needed , adding that the bill 's co-sponsors had worked closely with the Defense Department in crafting its language . But Pentagon officials are warning gay and lesbian soldiers that the current law will temporarily remain in place , if the bill passes , as they review the legal technicalities of the repeal . A guidance memo would be sent to military personnel informing them of the change , which would remain in effect for at least 60 days after it is signed into law , Pentagon spokesman Col. David Lapan said . Conservative Republicans have argued that , among other things , a repeal would place an unreasonable burden on the military at a time when it is facing severe strains in Afghanistan and elsewhere . The House of Representatives voted Wednesday to overturn the ban in a "  standalone " measure not tied to any other legislative items . It passed 250-175 on mostly partisan lines . The House had passed a repeal of the ban as part of a larger defense policy bill , but the measure stalled last week in the Senate . Obama and Democratic leaders are trying to push through a repeal before the end of the current lame-duck congressional session . The more conservative incoming Congress , which will be seated the first week of January , is considered far less likely to overturn the Clinton-era ban . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Senators withdraw their requirement that spending bill pass first Current law will remain for at least 60 days if bill passes The House of Representatives voted Wednesday to overturn the ban
Jinan , China  CNN  -- With the hotel front desk clerk busy checking me in , her co-worker picked up the ringing phone . "  Do we have any foreign journalists staying here ? " she repeated the question being asked at the other end of the phone . "  No , " she replied , before the clerk helping me threw her a look . "  Oh yes , three just got here . " With the local authorities now presumably alerted to our presence , any hope we had of maintaining a low profile at the start of our reporting trip to cover the most anticipated trial in China in recent memory had ended . We arrived in the eastern city of Jinan on Tuesday , two days before the local Intermediate People 's Court was set to try disgraced Communist leader Bo Xilai , who was once tipped to be a future president but now faces charges of bribe-taking , embezzlement and abuse of power . Bo 's spectacular downfall -- complete with tales of murder , corruption and betrayal -- triggered the greatest political crisis for the ruling Communist Party in decades . During his trial , the charismatic and controversial politician is expected to make his first public appearance since April 2012 when he was stripped of his top Party posts . Timeline : The Bo Xilai scandal Given the high drama and political stakes , it seems prudent for China 's top leaders to pick one of the country 's blandest cities for the spectacle . Jinan is far away -- more than 780 miles  1,200 kilometers  -- from Chongqing , Bo 's former powerbase , or other places where he had held senior positions . The presiding judge is said to be a tested and reliable official in the eyes of Beijing . Coincidentally , Shandong province -- with Jinan being the capital -- is also home to the ancient sage Confucius , whose philosophy emphasizes respect to authority -- an idea that nervous local officials probably wish "  unruly " foreign journalists would learn quickly . The courthouse sits at the end of a narrow , tree-lined downtown street , surrounded by high-rise apartment buildings . All looked normal and quiet as we exited the car , if not for the dozen soldiers unloading plastic barriers from trucks across the street from the court 's main gate . A press pen was in the making . While our cameraman tested satellite signal strength for potential live shot locations , an official directed us to a nearby hotel , where the government had set up a media center . After going through a metal detector and a hand-wand inspection , we entered the building and reached the first position in what seemed to be an assembly line for the credential application process -- involving passport check , form distribution , information verification , data entry and photo-taking . Five steps later , we were told our press cards would be ready the following afternoon . But officials there did n't seem to know much else about the "  open " trial -- questions about likely courtroom access , live broadcast opportunities or press conferences went unanswered . Almost as soon as the trial date was set last weekend , we had been calling the court trying to apply for a spot inside the courtroom -- only to be kicked around by different departments . As night fell Tuesday , we started live broadcast near a side entrance to the court . A notice posted in the bulletin board by the gate announced Bo 's trial information . Pedestrians stopped to snap photos of the notice with their phones . Meanwhile , I received a text message from human rights activist Chen Guangfu , elder brother of the blind lawyer Chen Guangcheng , who had intended to "  witness " the trial . He said , after he got off the train , state security agents awaiting him at Jinan 's west railway station forced him to return to his home village some 125 miles  200 kilometers  away . Hu Jia , another prominent rights advocate , tweeted that the authorities in Jinan had tightened their grip over all activists ahead of the trial . The day before the trial brought a new excitement and a degree of chaos to the courthouse 's doorstep . Despite a heavy police presence , some Bo admirers -- he retains considerable support in Chongqing and elsewhere in China -- showed up in the morning , along with onlookers and petitioners with various grievances -- all eager to take the rare opportunity to share their stories and opinions with the gathering foreign reporters . "  During Chairman Mao 's time , everyone was equal and we had no corruption -- ` singing red and smashing black ' was achieving that and benefited people , " declared a 66-year-old local resident who only identified herself as Ms. Li , as she referred to Bo 's famous campaign to revive Maoist ideology and crack down on crimes . "  He 's not a god or perfect , but the masses supported him , " she added . "  They ca n't just condemn him to hell -- I want him to have a fair trial . " "  Why bother ? " scoffed 62-year-old retired worker , named Mr. Liu , who stood next to her . "  Bo 's a victim of political struggles . " "  You think he actually believed in this ` singing red and smashing black ' stuff ? It was all for appearance 's sake , " he continued and turned sarcastic . "  We ordinary people should just feel happy to be fed and clothed , and watch whatever news they put on TV . " As the crowd grew larger and louder , the police decided to intervene , shooing off the speakers for disrupting traffic and ordering reporters to stay inside the designated media zone across the street . But an elderly petitioner 's cry for help briefly caused new commotion . Wearing a paper headband with the character "  wronged " written on it , the woman kept yelling at policemen who were dragging her away in front of news cameras : "  I 'm 80 years old and have a heart condition -- stop pushing me ! " The atmosphere among the assembled press was just as excitable -- at one point a number of reporters rushed to the city 's west railway station as a rumor circulated that a train carrying Bo would be arriving . By late afternoon , a legion of newly accredited journalists -- almost all from overseas media as most domestic outlets are barred from covering politically sensitive events -- had settled in . Some journalists questioned whether a day spent running around in the summer heat to cover a trial where the outcome is all but certain was really worth it . The conviction rate for first - and second-instance criminal trials in China -- where the Party controls the police , prosecution and courts -- stood at 99.9 % in 2010 , a U.S. State Department report cited the Supreme People 's Court as saying . The only "  unknown " in the Bo case seems to be the sentencing . After a long day of stakeout and live reports , we finally headed back to the hotel two blocks away from the court . As we walked into the Hyatt Regency Jinan , part of a sprawling mixed-use development , I was reminded by the sign that the hotel 's Chinese name is Jinan Wanda Hyatt -- a nod to the property 's owner , the Dalian-based Wanda Group . The real estate conglomerate -- headed by China 's richest man -- saw its business take off in the 1990s , propelled by land deals with the local government when Bo was mayor of the coastal city in northeastern China . Wanda is not implicated in the Bo case , but it seems -- despite the top leaders ' best efforts to choose a "  neutral " location for the trial -- Bo 's shadow looms large even in Jinan .	Bo Xilai set to be tried at the local Intermediate People 's Court in Jinan Former political star faces charges of bribe-taking , embezzlement and abuse of power Jinan is far away -- more than 780 miles -- from Chongqing , Bo 's former powerbase It will be Bo 's first public appearance since April 2012 when he was stripped of his posts
CNN  -- A missing 5-year-old Florida girl was most likely abducted from her home in rural Florida , police said Wednesday . Haleigh Cummings , 5 , went missing Monday night from her home near Orlando , police said . Haleigh Cummings has been missing since 3 a.m. Tuesday , when her father 's girlfriend called 911 to say the child had vanished from her Putnam County home . "  There 's no longer any reason to believe that the child simply wandered outside , " said Putnam County Sheriff 's Office Maj. Gary Bowling . The police must "  assume abduction , " he said . "  All the answers to why you 'd want to take a 5-year-old are ugly , " Bowling said . Police have no official suspects , but are treating everyone they interview as one . "  All the world 's a suspect " now , Bowling said . Hear the frantic 911 call " A nationwide Amber Alert says the girl was last seen wearing a pink shirt and underwear . Police plan to use infrared aviation technology after dark Wednesday in their search . "  She 's a 5-year-old child , and she 's afraid of the dark , " Bowling said . On Monday night , Ronald Cummings ' girlfriend , 17-year-old Misty Croslin , was watching Haleigh and her 4-year-old brother , police said . Croslin put Haleigh to bed at 8 p.m. and then went to bed herself at 10 p.m. , they said . Croslin told police she woke up at 3 a.m. and discovered Haleigh missing . Croslin then called 911 and told a dispatcher that she found a brick on the floor of the family 's double-wide trailer , according to CNN affiliate WJXT-TV . The station 's Web site printed the text of the 911 call , which included this exchange : Dispatch : OK . All right , you said your back door was wide open ? Caller : Yes , with a brick . Like , there was a brick on the floor . Like , when I went to sleep the door was not like that . The brick was actually holding open the door to the trailer , Putnam County Sheriff 's Office Lt. Johnny Greenwood told CNN . Croslin is staying with relatives as the investigation continues , said Bowling , describing the girlfriend as a "  child herself . " Earlier Wednesday , Cummings pleaded for his daughter 's safe return . "  All I want is my child ... please ... all I want is my child , " he said , his voice breaking . On Wednesday , Haleigh 's maternal grandmother , Marie Griffis , told reporters that she feared the worst . "  She 's out there somewhere , I can feel her . I can feel her presence , " Griffis told CNN affiliate WFTV-TV . "  She 's screaming . " Watch grandparents plead for girl 's return " Haleigh 's mother , Crystal Sheffield , wept as she stood in front of reporters . "  I just want whoever 's got her to bring her home , " the girl 's mother said . "  That 's all I want , is my baby home . " Watch mother 's tearful plea " Griffis said that her daughter and Ronald Cummings had a "  rocky relationship " and that the two took turns spending weekends with their daughter . Sheffield lives near the Florida-Georgia line and has been interviewed by law enforcement , according to police . Investigators are looking into various angles of the case , including finding out the location of 44 registered sexual offenders who live within a five-mile radius of the Cummings home , Greenwood said . Though that number may sound high , it includes both Putnam and Palatka counties , which are separated by the St. Johns River , the law enforcement spokesman told CNN . Police are offering but not requiring all those interviewed in the case to take polygraph tests . Anyone with any information is encouraged to call the Putnam County Sheriff 's Office at 386-329-0800 or the Florida Department of Law Enforcement 's Missing Endangered Persons Information Clearinghouse at 888-FL-MISSING .	NEW : "  All the world 's a suspect " now , police say Haleigh Cummings was reported missing at 3 a.m. Tuesday , police say Father 's 17-year-old girlfriend was caring for Haleigh on Monday night , police say The girl 's father says he believes someone snatched the child from her bed
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The body of a woman who authorities say was impaired by marijuana and alcohol when she caused a deadly head-on collision shows no signs of long-term alcohol use , according to an investigator hired by her family . Diane Schuler 's minivan was heading the wrong direction as the wreck happened , police said . "  I have looked at the autopsy , and the pancreas , liver and esophagus were clear , " Tom Ruskin , lead investigator and president of CMP Protective and Investigative Group , told CNN . "  I 've never seen a case like this . No one has seen this woman drunk and we have interviewed over 50 people -- relatives , friends , colleagues and former employees from her company . " The Westchester County medical examiner 's office found that Diane Schuler , 36 , had a blood alcohol level of .19 percent -- more than twice the legal limit -- and had marijuana in her system when she drove a minivan the wrong way on the Taconic State Parkway and ran head-on into an SUV . Three adults in the SUV were killed in the July 26 crash , along with Schuler and four children in her minivan -- her daughter and three nieces . A fifth child , Schuler 's son , survived and is in stable condition . Ruskin , a former officer in New York Police 's narcotics division , said he is hesitant to fully accept the autopsy report . "  I 'm not saying the autopsy is wrong or right . I do n't know if she smoked pot weeks prior . Marijuana stays in your system for up to 30 days , " he said . The medical examiner 's office released a statement on August 6 , saying it stands by its autopsy results , and reiterated that Sunday . Schuler 's family expressed shock when the details were revealed , saying she had no history of substance use . "  There 's no way she 'd do this , " Jay Schuler , Schuler 's sister-in-law , said earlier this month . "  She was responsible . " Tests revealed that Schuler had an additional six grams of alcohol in her stomach that had yet to be metabolized , according to Maj. William Carey of the New York State Police . A vodka bottle was also found in the vehicle after the crash . Ruskin is adamant that it is necessary to go back through the day of the crash . "  We are analyzing all of the data that we have to date . We have a staff that has consumed themselves with this case , " he said . "  We are trying to determine what happened here . " Schuler 's husband , Daniel , "  would like to remind people that no matter what happened here he lost his wife , his daughter , his nieces and he also grieves for the Bastardi and Luongo families , " Ruskin said , referring to the other crash victims . "  He talks about that constantly in my daily conversations with him . "	Autopsy shows no signs of heavy alcohol use , investigator for driver 's family says Investigator says Diane Schuler not known as heavy drinker Schuler , 7 others killed in head-on collision as she drove wrong way on parkway Schuler had high levels of alcohol , marijuana in system during crash , officials say
CNN  -- The best leaders make us feel unsure of ourselves . This may sound counterintuitive . Are n't leaders are supposed to build confidence ? At times , encouraging people is effective . Other times , when people are stuck seeing things one way or they are resistant to change , creating a little discomfort in the conversation could help them grow . People need you to help them think through difficult issues even though they do n't feel comfortable in the process . It is very difficult for any of us to question our beliefs and behaviors . Our brain 's protective instinct keeps us from in-depth self-exploration . We can only see "  outside the box " when we read or hear something that surprises our brains . The best way to help people see outside the box to objectively consider their circumstances is to listen to how they describe their situation , reflect on what they are saying , and then ask questions that cause them to review their thoughts and behavior . If your words break through their protective barriers , the moment will feel awkward . They might feel a pinch of anger , embarrassment , or sadness when their blind spot is revealed . Then they grow . Generating insights create breakthroughs in thinking . To create these breakthrough moments , try the DREAM model . It is a coaching approach where you encourage the person to talk as you listen for clues $ " gaps in logic , faulty assumptions , fears , attachments to the past , and conflicting values $ " that could be blocks to seeing the way forward . You then share what you hear and you sense , allowing the person to accept or reject your comments . The point is to help the person to think , not to change him or her . This coaching approach creates a two-sided conversation where the recipient feels respected . The steps include : D : Determine what the person wants as a desired outcome of the conversation . Help the person to define what they want , not what you want for them . Do they want to be seen by others as a leader ? Do they want more respect from their peers ? Do they want to feel less stressed ? Determine what is in the conversation for them so you can then move toward achieving this outcome . R : Reflect on the experiences , beliefs and emotions expressed . When you listen and clarify what you hear , people feel heard and understood . Then you can help them sort out truth from speculation , instantly giving them a view of what else might be true . E : Explore possible sources of blind spots and resistance . Ask about the desires , disappointments , and fears you sense they are feeling . Do n't worry about long pauses between your questions and their response . It takes a moment for blind spots to come to light . A : Acknowledge the emerging awareness . Have the other person clearly articulate the key takeaways . Many people will stop and say , "  Wow , I had not thought about it that way before , " or "  Yes , I see what you mean " and then plunge forward with a solution . Acknowledging their "  aha " insight reinforces their new perspective . M : Make sure there 's a plan or commitment for what 's next . Ask the person what they will now do and when they will do it . Even if they say they have to take some time to think about what they discovered , ask how they will do this and what impact their new thinking will have on the desired outcome they defined when you started the conversation . When reflecting , exploring , and acknowledging , quiet your judgmental brain and refrain from jumping in and giving the person advice . The Discomfort Zone is full of tips and examples on how to use the process in your conversations . The best advice : They want you to be present more than they need you to be perfect ! Read more : The new KISS principle Read more : Music to make you feel like a boss The opinions in this article are solely those of Marcia Reynolds	Difficult moments in the workplace can be beneficial for bosses and employees Reynolds suggests its hard for people to see their own blindspots Uncomfortable moments may be turned into opportunities for professional growth
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Do you know your "  futtock " from your "  baggywrinkle ? " A sailor stands on the "  widow-maker " -- or bowsprit of his yacht . Do n't be concerned if you do n't , as they are both relatively obscure terms used in sailing . It is a sport littered with odd words and phrases and MainSail has put together a list of 10 of the weirdest below . They are bound to raise a smile and will certainly make you more knowledgeable on the water -- who knows , you could even impress friends and colleagues with your mastery of obscure nautical terminology . Scuttlebutt The scuttlebutt is a cask on a ship containing the vessel 's drinking water . It was named this as the container was traditionally a small barrel , the so-called "  butt , " which had been "  scuttled " -- had a hole made in it -- so water could be accessed . As sailors would often gather around the scuttlebutt to chat , the word has also taken on a slang meaning of rumor or gossip . Rollocks A commonly used spelling for "  rowlocks . " These are the spaces cut into the vessel or small clasps raised up from the side of smaller boats that are used to rest oars when the boat is under paddle . Are there any other nautical words you 'd like to add ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below . Poop deck A poop deck is a deck at the rear of a ship , generally formed by the roof of a cabin . If a wave washes over this deck from behind the vessel , it is said to be "  pooped . " Widow-maker This is a colloquial term for a boat 's bowsprit -- the long pole , or "  spar , " extending from the bow used by sailors to tend to sails . The treacherous bowsprit earned its name and reputation from of the number of sailors who have lost their lives falling from the it . Baggywrinkle This strange-sounding gem is simply a soft covering for ropes aboard yachts that prevent chafing of the sails . Where ropes and lines come into contact with sails there is serious potential for damage to the sail due to the abrasive nature of most rigging . Mainsheet The mainsheet is a rope or line attached to the boom that allows the sailor to control the speed of a boat by adjusting the main sail . Bilge The bilge is the lowest part of the interior of a ship . It marks the spot at the inside-bottom of the hull , below any floorboards , and it sits below the water-line . Futtock Futtocks are the curved timbers used to form the interior ribs on the hulls of wooden ships . Cat-head The cat-head is a large wooden beam that extends from vessels at a 45 degree angle and is used to assist in raising and lowering the anchor . Many cat-heads have had the faces of lions or other large cats carved into them -- however , it 's not known if this gave the cat-head its name , or came as a result of the name . Escutcheon The place on the stern of a ship where the boat 's name is written is known as the escutcheon .	MainSail lists ten of the strangest and most humorous nautical words Sailing and marine sports full of obscure terms and phrases Terms include "  baggywrinkle , " "  poop deck " and "  futtock "
CNN  -- There is nothing new under the sun , the saying goes , and it could not be more true than with the recycled literature of the popular "  mommy porn " trilogy "  Fifty Shades of Grey . " Just this week , Universal Pictures acquired the movie rights to the bodice ripper for reportedly more than $ 5 million as traditional publisher Knopf/Vintage promises to turn the book , which has been sold mainly as an e-book , into a paperback version with a 750,000 copy print release next month . However hot the property appears , the plot and devices are centuries old , leading us to wonder whether the commercial success signals a breakthrough in women 's sexual freedom or a new low in women 's debasement . The novel tells the story of Anastasia Steele , who finishes college by losing her virginity to billionaire Christian Grey , becoming his "  submissive " in a sadomasochistic relationship . The e-book version of the trilogy has gone viral with mature women readers , even as critics have denounced the book 's reactionary gender politics . Neither extreme explains the novel 's compelling relevance . Though no literary masterpiece , "  Fifty Shades " is more than parasitic fan fiction based on the recent "  Twilight " vampire series . Its abundant references to classic literature unlock a subtler commentary on enduring obstacles to women 's individual freedom and rights . Whenever power relations are unequal , the novel implies , sexual consent is never black and white : It is always fifty shades of gray . Paying attention to its literary signposts shows what has changed for women in that regard and what has not . When "  Fifty Shades " begins , the heroine 's favorite pastime is to curl up with a good book , not a whip . After the hero asks her to sign a contract defining her role as his submissive , she tells the reader , " -LSB- Austen 's -RSB- Elizabeth Bennet would be outraged , -LSB- Bronte 's -RSB- Jane Eyre too frightened and -LSB- Hardy 's -RSB- Tess would succumb , just as I have . " Insistent references like this remind us that "  Fifty Shades " is recycling the classic novel plot about a vulnerable young woman and a brooding older man . The hero has the lion 's share of socioeconomic power ; the heroine has only her magnetic strength and intelligence . News : Erotic book surges up best seller list The classic plot promises that by steeling her virginity and holding out for marriage , women can achieve intellectual equality and love . Those who fail come to bad ends , but the victorious novel heroine learns the hero 's secrets and gains ownership of his heart and true self . This last is exactly the fantasy that "  Fifty Shades " sells . There is nothing new either about this plot 's association with pornographic whips and chains . Alongside the genre of the novel , the 18th century saw the emergence of modern pornography , from John Cleland 's "  Fanny Hill , " to works by the Marquis de Sade , whom Christian Grey imitates as a confessed "  sadist . " Gothic horror novels , which specialized in sadomasochistic innuendo and supernatural phenomena , were also sensationally popular . The whip and the vampire emerged in tandem with the marriage plot and chick lit . Christian gives Anastasia an app for all the 18th - and 19th-century novels in the British Library , but he also presents her a $ 14,000 first edition of Thomas Hardy 's "  Tess of the D'Urbervilles . " The still-disputed question Tess poses concerns whether the heroine is raped or seduced . Though Anastasia Steele is never raped , her individual agency is equally ambiguous . She refuses to sign Christian 's contract , but she lets him spank , whip , chain and blindfold her for the remainder of the trilogy . When the debasement gets too extreme , she walks away  like Jane Eyre upon discovering Rochester 's bigamy  . Yet she returns , echoing Tess : "  The physical pain you inflicted was not as bad as the pain of losing you . " Throughout , her self-punishing "  subconscious " drives her away from Christian , while her libidinous "  inner goddess " makes her dread losing him . If she does n't submit , she will have only her books . In exchange for her masochistic submission , Anastasia receives an infinite array of explosive orgasms and Christian 's love and protection . Sadistic Christian always uses a condom , never uses porn and always puts her pleasure first . He loves , cherishes , provides and above all uses his power to protect Anastasia -- all while gradually opening up to her , making himself psychologically vulnerable . SPOILER ALERT : It turns out that he is a sadist because he was once victimized by older women . Lest you think women are unequal , the novel emphasizes the hero 's ultimate powerlessness . No wonder female readers are falling for this story . When the story was first popularized in the 18th century , women had virtually no individual rights . They could not vote , could rarely own property and were themselves seen as property -- so much so that if a wife had an extramarital affair , a husband could sue her lover for damages . Though many things have changed , women remain economically disadvantaged , are far more likely to be violated than titillated by the porn industry and are publicly called "  sluts " for demanding insurance coverage for birth control . The enduring appeal of a plot like that of "  Fifty Shades " suggests that even in 2012 , most women can not imagine how such inequality might disappear . Instead they clamor for the delusion that submission to men 's greater power means being taken care of by them . Of course , pornography can be seductive , and "  Fifty Shades " is hot . Less enjoyable is the undercurrent about women 's lack of rights . Christian tells Anastasia , "  You need to free your mind and listen to your body . " But to what extent can women enjoy free play in a country where those going by the name of "  Christian " mount legislation forcing them to bear children conceived in rape ? When poor young women like Christian 's "  crack whore " mother are denied access to birth control ? By enjoying a porn of their own , women can at least indulge the fantasy that their pleasure comes first even as politicians are devising new forms of punishment . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of April Alliston and Susan Celia Greenfield .	April Alliston and Susan Greenfield say "  mommy porn " novel a big hit They ask : Is "  Fifty Shades of Grey " about women 's sexual freedom or their debasement ? They say plot device is centuries old : Older man dominates younger woman Writers : Times have changed , but political rhetoric , social norms still not good for women
Scotia , New York  CNN  -- Christina Powell folds the red , white and blue quilt before it is packed up and sent to Andrews Air Force Base , some 400 miles away in Maryland . "  I do n't like seeing so many young people go away and come back wounded , " Powell says . "  Unfortunately right now it 's just a fact of life and I try to do what I can . "  Our servicemen need to know that it 's not just their family and friends that are supporting them . There 's a whole country rooting for them , and I 'm one . " The quilt is one of several that Powell and her fellow members of QUILTS -- Quilters United in Learning Together , Schenectady -- have made as part of the Quilts for Injured Soldiers project . "  Several years ago , " says Powell , "  I heard at our quilting guild meeting that somebody wanted to organize this and get it started in our area , and I thought ' I can do that . ' I can just change the fabrics and make it more patriotic . The more I did the more I wanted to do , and now , I just do it . This is my 27th quilt for this project . " The quilt Powell recently made for the project is a large bed quilt . "  We have the red , white and the blue , and the stars and the stripes , " Powell says as she holds up the quilt top . "  It 's perfect , do n't you think ? " Powell has been quilting for 25 years , and her sewing room is filled with a wide variety of colorful threads and a seemingly endless supply of yard lengths and squares of fabrics she has collected over the years . "  I 've probably made 20 to 30 bed quilts , more than 100 baby quilts for another charity event , and innumerable amounts of wall hangings that I make and give away , " she says . "  It 's my pleasure to make it and to give it . It just makes me feel good . " Finished quilts for soldiers are boxed up and sent to Maryland , where the Quilts for Injured Soldiers project began in 2003 . Pat Baker is the project 's chairwoman , and the quilts are delivered directly to her front door in Hughesville , Maryland . "  It 's like Christmas every day when a box comes in , " Baker says . "  Especially if you 're a quilter . You do n't know what you 're going to get when you open that box . " As the number of wounded soldiers increased , so did the need for more quilts . Baker and other members of the Quilters Guild of Southern Maryland could n't handle the need , so they put an ad in a national quilting magazine . "  Now , " Baker says , "  people from all over the United States , Canada and even Australia have donated quilts . " In her bedroom hallway , several large bags are stuffed full of more than 70 quilts and blankets to be brought to Andrews Air Force Base and handed to the soldiers as they arrive back in the United States . "  Some of our quilts are separated because of the military affiliation . You do n't necessarily want to give an Army guy a Marine-themed quilt , " Baker says , laughing . "  It 's all one military , but they each love their specific branch . " A letter is attached to each quilt telling soldiers about the project and thanking them for their service , Baker says . At Andrews , American Red Cross volunteers take over the operation , delivering the quilts to soldiers . Powell 's quilt found its new home with Pfc. Jonathan Winker of the Wisconsin National Guard . Winker returned from Iraq with a crushed foot and bruising on his leg . "  When I was passing through all the hospitals and medical centers on my way home , I noticed all these quilts on pretty much all of the hospital beds , " Winker says . "  Every one was different , and all of them are really beautiful . I think it 's awesome that they put their time and effort into making these . It 's a great way to say ` thank you ' to the wounded soldiers . " Winker , whose father and uncle served in the Marines , said he 'll probably put the quilt in his bedroom "  so that it 's close to me all the time . " On the back edge of Winker 's quilt is a patch sewn in by Powell that reads : "  Thank you for your service to our country . This is a small token of appreciation for all that you have been through . My prayers for you are contained in this quilt . "	Group of quilters in New York sends quilts to project helping injured soldiers Quilts for Injured Soldiers project began in 2003 to help soldiers returning from war Quilts from around the world are sorted by military affiliation and sent to Andrews Air Force Base American Red Cross volunteers distribute the quilts to soldiers
CNN  -- Jury selection in the trial of Jerry Sandusky , the former Penn State assistant football coach charged with child rape , is scheduled to start Tuesday in Pennsylvania . A judge last week denied his attorneys ' latest bid for a delay , allowing the case to move forward . Sandusky , 68 , has been under house arrest since being charged with sexually abusing 10 boys over 14 years . Prosecutors allege he met some of his accusers through Second Mile , a charity he created for underprivileged children . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges . According to a source close to the Sandusky family , he is expected to attend court Tuesday . The allegations against Sandusky led to the firing of iconic Penn State head football coach Joe Paterno only months before he died of complications from lung cancer . Several of the people whom prosecutors accuse Sandusky of abusing asked a judge to protect their identities at trial . However , Judge John Cleland on Monday ruled the alleged victims ' identities may not be concealed during the trial , although they will be protected through the jury selection process . "  Courts are not customarily in the business of withholding information , " Cleland 's ruling said . "  Secrecy is thought to be inconsistent with the openness required to assure the public that the law is being administered fairly and applied faithfully . " Prosecutors in Sandusky case present new , graphic details But , the judge noted , "  It is also to be hoped that various news organizations that will report on the trial will use what has become their professional custom to protect the privacy of alleged victims . " CNN generally does not identify alleged victims of sexual assault . Victim advocacy groups slammed the judge 's decision late Monday , expressing their hope it would not have a chilling effect on the reporting of child sexual abuse . "  The judge placed a significant burden on this class of victims by stating that they have ' a duty to the community to testify ' about the crime , but denying them privacy protections in exchange for that testimony . By bravely coming forward , victims serve in the interest of public safety ; they should be assured that their privacy will be protected , " the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape , the National Center for Victims of Crime and the National Crime Victim Law Institute said in a joint statement . Those asking for their identities to be concealed included one man known simply as Victim 4 . His attorney , Ben Andreozzi , said he believes his client , now 28 , is the strongest witness for the prosecution and will be called to testify first . "  In society , sometimes we question why rape victims are reluctant to come forward , " Andreozzi said Monday after the ruling . "  So now we have our answer . ... We are disappointed . " "  We are not asking to close the courtroom , only to use a pseudonym , " he said . His client will still testify , he said , "  but at what expense to his emotional well-being ? " He said he expects the defense to attack his client on the basis of a meeting he had with Sandusky in the years after the alleged abuse . "  My client could n't break free , " said the attorney , describing the relationship between Victim 4 and Sandusky as "  complex . " Mike McQueary , a former graduate student considered to be another key witness in the Sandusky case , has testified that he alerted Paterno in 2002 that he 'd seen what appeared to be Sandusky sexually assaulting a boy , an allegation authorities did n't learn of until years later . Psychologist flagged Sandusky as ` likely pedophile ' in 1998 report But prosecutors said later that the incident took place about a year earlier than what was originally alleged , causing defense attorneys for two former Penn State officials to argue that one of the charges should now be dropped . Tim Curley , Penn State 's former athletic director , and Gary Schultz , a former university vice president who oversaw campus police , have been charged with perjury and failing to report the alleged sexual assault of a child . Both of them have pleaded not guilty , and their attorneys have said that prosecutors "  charged this case before  they  knew the facts . " After news of the scandal broke last year , The New York Times published an extensive interview in which Sandusky attempted to clarify his relationships with young people . "  If I say , ` No , I 'm not attracted to young boys , ' that 's not the truth , " he said , according to the story . "  Because I 'm attracted to young people -- boys , girls -- I ... " His lawyer , who was present at the interview , spoke up at that point to note that Sandusky is "  not sexually " attracted to them . "  Right . I enjoy -- that 's what I was trying to say -- I enjoy spending time with young people . I enjoy spending time with people , " Sandusky continued . "  I mean , my two favorite groups are the elderly and the young . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt and Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	Jury selection is scheduled to get under way Tuesday Sandusky , 68 , faces charges of child rape Prosecutors allege that he abused 10 boys over 14 years Sandusky has pleaded not guilty to the charges
Tupelo , Mississippi  CNN  -- The nation knows James Everett Dutschke as the man accused of sending ricin-tainted letters to President Barack Obama and two other officials . But to people who live near him , he 's the guy whose alleged abuse of young girls turned their neighborhood upside down , according to one neighbor . And to a former coworker , he 's the "  genius " with a few odd quirks . Exactly who Dutschke is and why he might have taken the extreme step of sending toxic letters to Obama , a Mississippi senator and an official in Lee County , Mississippi , remained up in the air Monday as prosecutors began criminal proceedings against him for allegedly making the deadly toxin ricin and sending it through the mail . However , through court documents and conversations with people who knew him , a clearer picture is starting to emerge . Ricin suspect ordered held without bond Resume Dutschke appears to have a wide range of interests and has held a variety of jobs , most recently working as a martial arts instructor at a Tupelo , Mississippi , studio he ran . He once worked at an insurance company owned by the brother of a man initially arrested -- and then cleared -- in the same case in which Dutschke is now charged . According to the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal newspaper , he is a musician . Dutschke has registered several business ventures with state officials , all of which appear to be closed , according to a Mississippi Secretary of State database . In 2007 , he ran as a Republican for a state House seat against incumbent Democrat Rep. Steve Holland and lost 68 % to 27 % . Holland is the son of Lee County Judge Sadie Holland , who received one of the ricin-laced letters . "  We just want to move on , " Holland told CNN , adding that he wanted justice for his mother . "  This could have been devastating . Mom could have died had this taken the worst-case scenario . " In 2008 , Dutschke ran unsuccessfully as a Democrat for election commissioner in Lee County , according to the Daily Journal newspaper . Former suspect in ricin case : ' A train has been lifted off my shoulders ' Indecency allegations According to a grand jury indictment handed up this month and obtained by CNN , Dutschke is accused of molesting three girls under the age of 16 . He has repeatedly denied the charges in interviews with local media and pleaded not guilty in court this month . Dutschke closed his tae kwon do studio after the allegations were made public . Last year , residents in his Tupelo neighborhood sought police help after , one neighbor says , Dutschke repeatedly exposed himself to young girls . The case resulted in a conviction on indecent exposure charges and a 90-day jail sentence . He has appealed the conviction , according to the Daily Journal newspaper . "  He was pretty well terrorizing the neighborhood , " said neighbor Dennis Carlock , who said the Dutschke family rarely stepped outside their home . For Carlock , the fact that Dutschke is accused of sending a potentially lethal poison to public officials is secondary to what happened in his neighborhood . "  I do n't care how they got him , as long as they got him out of this neighborhood , " he said . Genius ? Carlock had almost exclusively bad things to say about Dutschke , with one exception : He said his neighbor is extremely smart . Apparently , Dutschke thought so too . He sometimes showed off a card from Mensa , a group for people with high intelligence quotients , according to Laura Curtis , who worked with Dutschke at the insurance company . "  A lot of the people in the office thought he was odd , " she said , adding that she liked him . "  I knew he was a genius , and you know how geniuses act a little different , " she said . CNN 's Vivian Kuo reported from Tupelo , Mississippi ; Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Dana Ford , Rich Phillips and Alina Machado contributed to this report .	James Everett Dutschke is accused of sending ricin-tainted letters to Obama and others He has denied the allegations in federal court Dutschke ran for political office and has had variety of jobs He has been accused of molesting three girls under the age of 16
CNN  -- For the first time , a health care worker for a World Health Organization partner organization has fallen ill from Ebola , WHO told CNN on Sunday . The health worker , a man from Senegal , is in Sierra Leone and receiving care , the WHO said . He 's an epidemiologist working for the Global Outbreak Alert and Response Network , which was established by WHO and other partners to respond to international public health emergencies . No further details were given immediately . "  This is the first time someone working under the aegis of WHO has fallen ill with #Ebola , " reported WHO via its verified Twitter account . Added WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl via Twitter : "  No @WHO worker has been infected with #Ebola . The epidemiologist is from a #GOARN partner . " When asked how the worker contracted the virus , a WHO spokesperson said officials do n't yet know all the details . Separately , a British citizen infected with the virus in Sierra Leone is being flown home , the British Department of Health announced Sunday . The man , identified simply as William , lives in the West African nation in a home established by an American university for researchers . He is a volunteer nurse in Kenema Government Hospital , where he was working with Ebola patients , according to Dr. Robert Garry of Tulane University . Garry is manager of the university 's program that researches Ebola . The hospital is run by the government of Sierra Leone , but receives support from Tulane researchers . The UK government said a specially equipped C17 Royal Air Force plane would transport the patient , who would be transferred to an isolation unit at the Royal Free London NHS Foundation Trust . "  UK hospitals have a proven record of dealing with imported infectious diseases and this patient will be isolated and will receive the best care possible , " said deputy chief medical officer John Watson in a press release . Meanwhile , the Democratic Republic of the Congo reported that two of eight people from the town of Gera suffering from a hemorrhagic fever tested positive for Ebola , a government spokesperson told CNN . The government has set up a lab , mobile treatment center and quarantine area in Gera , which is 1,200 kilometers  750 miles  from Kinshasa . The strain of Ebola is different from the one in West Africa , government spokesperson Lambert Mende Omalanga said . Confirmation testing will likely be done by WHO on Monday , said WHO spokesman Hartl via Twitter . Ivory Coast announced Saturday that it 's closing its borders in response to the Ebola outbreak in West Africa . Prime Minister Daniel Duncan signed the order that closes the land borders Ivory Coast shares with Guinea and Liberia . The borders will remain closed until further notice in an effort to prevent the Ebola virus from spreading into its territory , according to the government statement . Ebola is one of the world 's most virulent diseases , according to the WHO . The virus is introduced to human populations through the human handling of infected animals -- like fruit bats , gorillas and monkeys , to name a few -- found sick or dying in the rainforest . The infection is then transmitted among humans through direct contact with the blood or other bodily fluids of infected people . WHO 's maps of confirmed cases show the Ebola outbreak is limited to four West African nations -- Liberia , Sierra Leone , Guinea and Nigeria . So far , nearly 2,500 suspected cases have been reported in what the WHO says is the worst known outbreak of the disease . However , the WHO 's website says the survival rate for people with Ebola in this outbreak has been 47 % , which is a substantial improvement over the disease 's survival rate , historically . CNN 's Katia Hetter , Aliza Kassim and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : He 's the first worker from a WHO partner to fall ill from Ebola NEW : Congo reports two cases of Ebola Separately , a Briton infected in Sierra Leone is being flown home Ivory Coast is closing its borders with Guinea and Liberia in an effort to keep Ebola out
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund 's title celebrations have been put on hold for another week after the champions-elect suffered a shock defeat on Saturday and closest rivals Bayer Leverkusen won . Dortmund would have clinched a first German crown since 2002 with victory against the Bundesliga 's bottom team if Leverkusen had drawn or lost . But the second-placed club kept the title race going into the final three games of the season with a 2-1 victory over Hoffenheim , then Borussia Monchengladbach kept alive the club 's slim survival hopes with a 1-0 victory in the late match . Defending champions Bayern could not return to third place , being held at Eintracht Frankfurt , and face a battle for the final Champions League spot with Hannover -- who beat Freiburg 3-1 on Thursday . The title race continues next weekend in a similar scenario as Dortmund host Nuremberg on Saturday and Leverkusen travel to Cologne on Sunday . Hannover win puts pressure on Bayern Dortmund 's lead was trimmed to five points after Mohamadou Idrissou 's winner 10 minutes before halftime , which moved Gladbach off the bottom on goal difference above St. Pauli and left three clubs on 29 points . Wolfsburg can climb out of that triumvirate at home to 14th-placed Cologne on Sunday , but even victory will still leave the 2008-09 champions in the relegation playoff place . Cameroon striker Idrissou held off Neven Subotic , cut in from the left and beat Dortmund keeper Roman Weidenfeller to give the home team a shock lead . Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp brought on Mohamed Zidan and top Lucas Barrios , but the closest the visitors came to scoring was when teenager Mario Gotze hit the crossbar . Leverkusen came from behind to beat mid-table Hoffenheim , who led in the 28th minute when Iceland midfielder Gylfi Sigursson went past three men before before beating goalkeeer Rene Adler . Sigursson also hit the post before the home team equalized five minutes from halftime , when Michal Kadlec headed in Arturo Vidal 's corner . Jupp Heynckes ' side then went ahead six minutes after the break as Vidal slammed home the winner when Hoffenheim 's defense could not clear the ball from their own box . Bayern needed a controversial late penalty to salvage a point at struggling Eintracht Frankfurt , who took the lead nine minutes after halftime . The home side , hovering uncomfortably above the relegation playoff place , cheered the sellout crowd when Sebastian Rode drove in a 54th-minute shot after Bayern midfielder Anatoliy Tymoshchuk deflected Benjamin Kohler 's free-kick into his path . Theofanis Gekas should have doubled the lead but squandered two chances before Bayern received a lifeline with two minutes left when Martin Fenin was ruled to have fouled Luiz Gustavo . Mario Gomez netted the resulting penalty for his 23rd league goal this season , while angry home coach Christophe Daum was sent to the stands for arguing . Schalke 's erratic season continued as the Champions League semifinalists lost 1-0 at home to Kaiserslautern ahead of Tuesday 's visit by English leaders Manchester United . The winner came four minutes before halftime as Adam Hlousek played in Srdjan Lakic and the Croatian striker beat goalkeeper Manuel Neuer , who announced this week that he is poised to leave Schalke after deciding not to extend his contract . Kaiserslautern 's first win at Schalke in more than a decade lifted the promoted club to eight points above third-bottom Wolfsburg . St. Pauli , however , look set for an immediate return to the second division after the 3-1 home defeat by Werder Bremen left the club bottom . Fin Bartels put St. Pauli ahead in the first half , but Markus Thorandt put through his own net five minutes after the break . Then Peruvian striker Claudio Pizarro scored twice in 60 seconds with less than 20 minutes to play to lift Bremen up to 10th , a point above Kaiserslautern . Stuttgart also eased any relegation fears with a 3-0 win at home to seventh-placed Hamburg , moving seven points clear of Wolfsburg . Germany striker Cacau opened the scoring in the sixth minute and rounded off the day after substitute Christian Gentner doubled the lead with 12 to play . In Sunday 's other game , fifth-placed Mainz travel to fellow Europa League hopefuls Nuremberg .	Long-time leaders Borussia Dortmund must wait another week to clinch seventh title Second-placed Bayer Leverkusen keep race alive with victory over Hoffenheim Dortmund 's lead cut to five points with three games left after Gladbach defeat Bayern 's Champions League hopes dented by 1-1 draw at Eintracht Frankfurt
CNN  -- The death of Slayer founder and Grammy-winning heavy metal guitarist Jeff Hanneman launched speculation Friday that focused on a spider bite . Hanneman , 49 , died Thursday of liver failure in Southern California , the band said in a statement . Though there was no official word from a physician or medical professional about Hanneman 's death , several news outlets reported what Hanneman 's band said in a statement Friday -- that the rocker 's death was connected to a spider bite that he suffered at least more than a year ago . On the band 's website , a statement read that in January Hanneman contracted necrotizing fasciitis "  likely caused by a spider bite , and has been undergoing surgeries , skin grafts and intense rehab since . " Necrotizing fasciitis is a flesh-eating condition . Read about necrotizing faciitis On Friday , CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen spoke to Dr. Donna Seger who routinely treats spider-bite victims at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Tennessee . The state is known for its recluse spider population . Seger , a medical doctor , is the medical director of Tennessee Poison Center and professor of medicine and emergency medicine at Vanderbilt . She said that spider bites do not lead to organ failure . But infections -- which could develop after a variety of scenarios ranging from a mosquito bite or even a scratch on the skin from a nail -- can sometimes lead to bad outcomes . Could Hanneman have been suffering from an infection ? And from what ? Without his treating physician weighing in , that is unclear . Seger stressed that , on the whole , patients with spider bites recover fine if they follow medical instructions and keep their bite areas clean so that a scab can form and fall off . "  I think it 's really important that spider bites be understood because there 's so many urban legends about , you know , you get a spider bite , your limb falls off and you die , " Seger said . "  That does n't happen . " Separate from discussion on the cause of death , the musician 's passing reverberated throughout the music community . The guitarist was with Slayer from its founding in 1981 . Its breakthrough came five years later with the release of "  Reign in Blood , " an album that included two songs -- "  Angel of Death " and "  Raining Blood " -- co-written by Hanneman . That was one of 10 studio albums that the band put out over three decades together , during which they performed thousands of shows . On Slayer 's official website , Hanneman said that the last one -- "  World Painted Blood " -- came together quickly because the band 's members worked seamlessly . "  The interaction between all of us on this record was really something special , " he said . " ... The chemistry was just good . " In 2006 and 2007 , Slayer won Grammy awards for best metal performance . The metal world -- in tweets from , among many others , the bands Rancid , Hatebreed , In Flames and Testament -- reacted to Hanneman 's death with sadness and appreciation , referring to him as a "  true heavy metal legend " and a "  brother in thrash . " "  Jeff Hanneman will always be a metal god , " wrote rocker Andrew WK . "  A true master , he gave energy and excitement to millions , and will continue to . #PartyForSlayer . " CNN 's John Bonifield , Elizabeth Cohen , Denise Quan , Amanda Watts and Chelsea Carter contributed to this report .	Slayer 's website says Jeff Hanneman 's liver-failure death was linked to a spider bite Website says he "  contracted necrotizing fasciitis ... likely caused by a spider bite " A doctor tells CNN bites do n't lead to organ failure but infected bites can cause problems Hanneman was among founders of heavy metal band Slayer in 1981
GONAIVES , Haiti  CNN  -- Four major storms have raked the desperately poor country of Haiti in the past month , leaving at least 341 people dead . A man carries drinking water through the flooded streets of Gonaives , Haiti , on Monday . Nine of the deaths were attributed to Fay , 79 to Gustav , 183 to Hanna and 70 to Ike , said Abel Nazaire , deputy head of Haiti 's Civil Protection Service . The country 's fragile infrastructure was overloaded after the storms and officials were concerned that the floodwaters could spread disease , Sophie Boutaud de la Combe , a spokeswoman for the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti , said Tuesday . Gonaives , on the west coast , is one of the hardest-hit cities . This week , Gonaives was knee-deep in filthy water and reachable only by water or air , with many of Haiti 's bridges destroyed and roads flooded . "  My home is destroyed . I have no place to live with my kids . Everything I had just washed away , " Roselene Josef told CNN . Watch desperate survivors in Gonaives " Another survivor said , "  The flood washed away everything . I could n't save anything . They should just move this city . Floods always destroy it . " Aid workers warned of a deepening humanitarian crisis as attempts to deliver aid were frustrated by logistical problems . The U.S. Navy 's USS Kearsarge arrived in the waters off Haiti on Monday to support the U.S. Agency for International Development 's efforts to assist after the devastation . The vessel will help move cargo and equipment between affected cities and will deliver relief supplies , said the U.S. Naval Forces Southern Command . But Monday , the Kearsarge was n't able to deliver anything to Gonaives , because the ship 's scout helicopters could n't find a suitable place for supplies to be unloaded , according to The Associated Press . A U.S. Coast Guard ship carrying 35 tons of relief supplies arrived Saturday in Gonaives . The U.S. cutter was preceded by a ship carrying U.N. relief supplies , including 19 tons of high-energy biscuits , 50,000 bottles of water and water purification tablets , which arrived Friday in Gonaives , said Myrta Kaulard of the United Nations ' World Food Program . CNN 's Karl Penhaul watched as U.N. troops handed out scant supplies of food and water to a long line of Haitians . The line became chaotic , with people fighting over supplies . Watch the devastation Penhaul found in Haiti " Hundreds of people had taken shelter in a school . They told Penhaul they had not received relief aid in a week . An official in Gonaives told the AP on Monday that nine people had died in shelters , including two children . It was not clear if they had died of starvation or some other cause , Daniel Dupiton of the region 's civil protection department told the AP . When floodwaters were at their highest , some residents camped out on their roofs , their clothing and blankets hung over the sides of buildings . Some people "  have lost really everything . ... These are not rich people , these are people who were really struggling -LSB- already -RSB- against high food prices , " Kaulard said . U.S. Navy Capt. Frank Ponds said he had flown over part of southern and northern Haiti . "  I saw towns that were completely flooded , " Ponds said . "  I saw infrastructure , such as bridge -LSB- s -RSB- and roads , totally wiped out . " The eye of Hurricane Ike never touched Haiti earlier this week , but the storm system did bring heavy rains and winds to Gonaives and other towns . Jean Pierre Guiteau , executive director for the Red Cross in Haiti , said 52 people were killed when a river burst its banks in the mountain town of Cabaret near the capital , Port-au-Prince . Another 21 bodies were pulled from sea at Fort-Libert , Haiti , close to the border with the Dominican Republic . "  It 's a very grim picture , " Guiteau said Sunday . "  Things certainly are getting no better . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Gonaives , Haiti , cut off from rest of country by flooded roads , washed-out bridges Some flood survivors say they have n't received aid in a week Logistical problems prompt aid workers to warn of deepening humanitarian crisis At least 341 people have died in four storms in Haiti
CNN  -- Police hunting for a New Zealand couple who fled the country after a bank mistakenly paid them $ NZ10 million  US$ 6 million  believe they traveled to Hong Kong . Westpac bank paid the couple 1,000 times the amount they asked for . New Zealand authorities have sought help from Interpol in locating the couple who disappeared May 7 , two days after an employee error at Westpac bank paid them 100 times the amount they asked for . TVNZ , a CNN television affiliate , named the couple as Leo Gao and his girlfriend Cara Young . Gao owned a petrol station in Rotorua , a lakeside tourist town famous for its hot water springs and bubbling mud pools . Police said Friday that the couple were believed to have traveled to Hong Kong . "  Enquiries to locate those individuals are continuing through Interpol in Hong Kong and official channels in Beijing , " said Detective Senior Sergeant David Harvey . Watch as ` millionaires ' go on the run " Police were not confirming the identities of those involved but they were working with the family of one of the individuals named in the media , Harvey said . The family were shocked at their name being associated with the case , he added . TVNZ said the couple applied for an overdraft from Westpac worth up to NZ$ 100,000  US$ 61,000  . However , on or about May 5 , the bank erroneously put NZ$ 10 million  US$ 6.1 million  into their bank account . What would you do in this situation ? The next day , the service station closed its doors . And the day after , the couple went missing . TVNZ said Westpac had confirmed that a customer had attempted to unlawfully transfer amounts totaling around $ 6.7 million  US$ 4.1 million  . Nearly NZ$ 3 million  US # $ 1.85 million  had been recovered and the bank was continuing to vigorously pursue the outstanding amount , Westpac Media relations manager Craig Dowling told the station .	Manhunt for couple who fled after bank mistakenly paid them NZ$ 10 million New Zealand authorities seeking Interpol 's help to locate the couple Police believe the couple flew to Hong Kong
Health.com  -- An essential nutrient found in fish oil does not appear to slow the mental decline associated with Alzheimer 's disease , according to a new study in the Journal of the American Medical Association . The study is merely the latest to cast doubt on the mental benefits of the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid  DHA  , which until recently was considered a promising way to minimize the risk and damage of dementia .  The other main ingredient found in fish oil , eicosapentaenoic acid , or EPA , is not believed to play a significant role in brain health . Health.com : Fish oil does n't benefit new moms , babies DHA or fish-oil supplements are n't likely to cause any harm to Alzheimer 's patients , but they are n't likely to do any good either , says Steven H. Ferris , Ph.D. , the director of the Aging and Dementia Research Center at New York University . Fish oil "  seems to be healthy in general , and maybe for other things it 's helpful , but it does n't benefit cognitive function in a person with Alzheimer 's , " says Ferris , who was not involved in the study . Research on DHA has been inconclusive and sometimes conflicting . Several studies that followed large groups of people as they aged have suggested that a diet rich in fish is linked to a reduced risk of dementia and mental decline , but most randomized controlled trials comparing DHA supplements with placebo have found no benefit . Health.com : 9 foods that may help save your memory "  It 's not the first time something in large epidemiological datasets just did n't work out clinically , " Ferris says , noting that statin medications , anti-inflammatory drugs , and estrogen therapy have all failed to live up to their initial promise in preventing or treating Alzheimer 's . "  Unfortunately , that seems to be the situation here . " The study was funded by the National Institute on Aging and was led by Dr. Joseph F. Quinn , M.D. , a neurologist at the Oregon Health and Science University , in Portland . Quinn and his colleagues randomly assigned about 400 women and men in their mid-70s with likely Alzheimer 's disease -- the disease is very difficult to accurately diagnose -- to take 2 grams of DHA or placebo capsules per day . After 18 months , the average mental decline in the DHA and placebo groups was nearly identical , as measured on two separate tests and rating scales . Despite the disappointing results , the study does n't entirely rule out the possibility that DHA may have some benefit if taken earlier in life . A growing body of research suggests that dementia begins decades before any noticeable symptoms surface , and it 's possible that DHA helps prevent or slow those harmful changes . Health.com : 25 signs and symptoms of Alzheimer 's disease Treatments such as DHA may be too little too late for people who are already showing signs of Alzheimer 's , according to Dr. Kristine Yaffe , M.D. , a professor of psychiatry at the University of California , San Francisco . "  Effective treatment strategies to prevent progression of -LSB- Alzheimer 's disease -RSB- will likely need to be initiated earlier , " Yaffe writes in an editorial accompanying the study . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Studies show that an essential nutrient in fish oil does not appear to slow mental decline Fish oil seems to be healthy in general , but does not benefit Alzheimer 's patients cognitively Treatments such as DHA could prevent or slow dementia if started earlier in life
CNN  Sabra Dipping Co. is recalling 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination with Listeria , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday . The nationwide recall is voluntary . So far , no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported . The potential for contamination was discovered when a routine , random sample collected at a Michigan store on March 30 tested positive for Listeria monocytogenes . The FDA issued a list of the products in the recall . Anyone who has purchased any of the items is urged to dispose of or return it to the store for a full refund . Listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , frail or elderly people , and others with weakened immune systems , the FDA says . Although some people may suffer only short-term symptoms such as high fever , severe headache , nausea , abdominal pain and diarrhea , Listeria can also cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women .	A random sample from a Michigan store tested positive for Listeria monocytogenes No illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported so far
CNN  -- Work to restore Egyptian artifacts damaged during anti-government protests began on Sunday , according to the nation 's newly appointed minister of antiquities . The work , on artifacts from King Tutankhamun 's tomb , includes restoring a statue -- broken by looters in the Egyptian Museum -- of King Tut on a panther , Zahi Hawass told CNN Sunday . A restoration team composed of 11 members began work on Sunday , Hawass said . He estimated that the work will take about three days to complete . "  It will all go back to normal in three days , " he said . The museum will remain closed until Egyptian authorities lift overnight curfews , he said . However , he said he toured the museum with journalists from the Wall Street Journal and National Geographic . "  I showed them everything , " he said . Despite Hawass ' assurances , Egyptologists and archaeologists have expressed concern that some of the nation 's priceless treasures may fall victim to looters or vandals amid unrest and uprisings fueled by what protesters see as a lack of economic opportunity , widespread poverty and pervasive corruption . Several Egyptologists told CNN in late January they were trying to stay on top of the situation as best they could and sift fact from rumor . "  With 80 million people in a country that suffers from poverty and rising food prices ... you have to expect that some people are going to be desperate and look for any means necessary to try to improve their lot , " Kara Cooney told CNN last month . She is an assistant professor of Egyptian art and architecture at the University of California , Los Angeles , and host of the Discovery Channel 's "  Out of Egypt . " But she said concerns are compounded by a lack of reliable information and the prevalence of rumors . "  Some things have turned out not to be true , " she said . She and other Egyptologists said they were staying online as much as possible and keeping in touch with other Egyptologists to try to share information . "  This has been my life 's work , " said Jan Summers Duffy , an Egyptologist at the College of Idaho and curator at the Orma J. Smith Museum of Natural History . " ... We do n't know what the future will hold . I hope at least some things can be preserved . " Hawass previously was secretary-general of Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities . On January 30 , according to his website , President Hosni Mubarak appointed him to his new post . The newly created Ministry of Antiquities will absorb the Supreme Council of Antiquities , according to the website . On January 28 , as the protests were under way , a group of people broke into the museum in Cairo , Hawass has said . They smashed 13 glass showcases and threw the antiquities inside on the floor in the Late Period Gallery , then went to the King Tutankhamun section , where they opened a showcase and threw the panther statue to the ground . They also stole jewelry from the museum 's gift shop , Hawass said . When the suspects were apprehended , he told CNN at the time , authorities found the remains of two mummies with them , along with some small artifacts . But , Hawass wrote in a blog post on Saturday , "  The two mummies that were reported as damaged at the Egyptian Museum in Cairo were in fact unidentified skulls dating to the Late Period ; these two skulls are not royal mummies . " The skulls were temporarily housed in a storage room , he said , to be used in testing a CT scanner . When they were retrieved from the looters , they were undamaged , he said . In addition , Hawass in the blog post denied claims that the open-air museum in Memphis had been looted and that tombs in Saqqara had been damaged . "  The people who are in Europe and America are concerned about Egypt , but what is  important  to remember is that rumors can be very damaging , " Hawass wrote in a blog post Friday . He wrote Saturday of visiting the Great Pyramids of Giza , saying he was pleased to find the site protected by soldiers and tanks from the Egyptian army , but "  I was so sad to see the plateau empty of tourists though . " "  Today in Tahrir Square there are about 3,000 young people , and I hope they will go home today , so that life in Egypt can go back to normal , " he wrote . Hawass has maintained that the Egyptian people can be counted on to help protect the nation 's historical treasures because of their national pride . CNN 's Christine Theodorou and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	The restoration work is expected to take about three days The Egyptian Museum in Cairo remains closed for now Zahi Hawass : Protesters should go home so life can return to normal
United Nations  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council approved a resolution Monday to send 4,200 peacekeepers to Abyei , Sudan , as part of a recent agreement between Sudan and Southern Sudan . The resolution will establish , for six months , the United Nations Interim Security Force for Abyei  UNISFA  , comprising "  a maximum of 4,200 military personnel , 50 police personnel , and appropriate civilian support , " the resolution states . It passed the council unanimously , 15-0 . In a statement released by the State Department , Secretary Hiliary Clinton commended the swift passage of the resolution . "  Abyei has been a source of regional tension for many years , " the statement said . "  We urge the parties to reach an immediate cease-fire and to provide aid workers with the unfettered access required to deliver humanitarian assistance to innocent civilians affected by the conflict . " A week ago , the Sudanese government and the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement signed an agreement to allow peacekeepers in Abyei , aimed at ending strife that has ravaged much of the country . The two sides agreed in principle on the need for a third party to monitor the ill-defined border between north and south before the scheduled July 9 independence for the south . The U.N. peacekeepers will "  monitor and verify the redeployment of any Sudan Armed Forces , Sudan People 's Liberation Army or its successor " from the Abyei area , among other tasks , the Security Council resolution states .	New : Clinton commends the swift passage of the U.N. resolution The resolutions establishes a six-month security force at Abyei , Sudan The two sides signed an agreement last week allowing peacekeepers South Sudan is to gain independence July 9
The Brooklyn district attorney said Friday he will impanel a grand jury to investigate the death of Akai Gurley , who was unarmed when a rookie police officer shot him to death in the unlit stairwell of a housing project last month . "  I expect to present evidence regarding the ... shooting of Akai Gurley to a grand jury because it is important to get to the bottom of what happened , " District Attorney Ken Thompson said in a press release . "  I pledge to conduct a full and fair investigation and to give the grand jury all of the information necessary to do its job . " Earlier Friday , Gurley 's mother , Sylvia Palmer , said that "  I pray to God I get justice for my son . " "  My son was my heart and now he 's been taken away from me , " Palmer said at a press conference . The Brooklyn district attorney 's decision comes as protesters take to the streets of American cities to protest police killings of unarmed black men in Ferguson , Missouri , and New York . A wake was held Friday night for Gurley at Brown Memorial Baptist Church in Brooklyn . Gurley , 28 , was killed November 20 . He was "  a total innocent who just happened " to run into Officer Peter Liang in a "  pitch black " stairwell at the Louis H. Pink Houses in Brooklyn , New York Police Commissioner William Bratton told reporters the day after the killing . Liang , with less than 18 months on the job and on probationary status , has been placed on modified assignment and stripped of his gun and badge pending an investigation . Liang and his partner were part of a "  violence reduction overtime detail " at the Pink Houses , where a spate of serious crimes have been reported in recent months , including two robberies and four assaults , Bratton said . The officers had taken an elevator to the building 's top floor to check on the roof and were taking the stairs down from the eighth floor , Bratton said , when the officer discharged the weapon . There were no lights in the stairwell leading up to the roof . Liang drew a flashlight and his weapon "  for safety reasons , " the police commissioner said . The other officer did not draw his gun . In the darkened stairwell , Liang 's gun discharged about the same time that Gurley , the father of a 2-year-old , and his girlfriend were entering the seventh-floor landing , Bratton said . U.S. Rep. Hakeem Jeffries , a Democrat who represents large sections of Brooklyn , said told CNN Friday that the problem in many police shootings is officer training , not race relations . He noted that Gurley was African-American and Liang is Asian-American . Jeffries said he 's pleased the grand jury investigation will occur and hopes for "  an aggressive presentation of information . "	Brooklyn district attorney says he 'll impanel grand jury in November 20 shooting Akai Gurley was unarmed when a police officer shot him to death "  I pray to God I get justice for my son , " Gurley 's mother says Officer Peter Liang had been on the job 18 months , police said
Washington  CNN  -- A Maryland man accused of making threats against his workplace and who had a large cache of legally owned weapons was charged Wednesday with a misdemeanor , according to state officials . Neil Prescott , 28 , has been charged with misuse of a telephone and will be formally arrested once he is released from a hospital , where he 's been undergoing a court-ordered mental evaluation . Prescott was taken into custody early Friday morning and a search of his home revealed about 25 weapons , including hand guns and assault rifles , along with 40 large steel boxes of assorted ammunition , officials said . Maryland man who called himself ` joker ' taken into custody Angela Alsobrooks , the state 's attorney for Prince George 's County , said that although Prescott allegedly made serious threats , it was not possible to bring felony charges . "  Maryland does not have a statute on the books that makes it expressly illegal for a person to communicate generalized threats over the telephone , " said Alsobrooks . She said Maryland should have a stronger law about such threats and that she would lobby for one . Alsobrooks also said no weapons charges could be brought because Prescott owns his guns legally . Prescott worked as a subcontractor for Pitney Bowes and was in the process of being fired . On July 23 , he was on the phone with a supervisor and allegedly said several times , "  I am a joker . I 'm going to load my guns and blow everybody up , " according to local police . Police officials said they took the threats seriously and were sensitive to the use of the word ` joker ' in the aftermath of the July 20 mass shooting at an Aurora , Colorado , movie complex showing the latest Batman movie , "  The Dark Knight Rises . " The Joker was the villain in a previous film in the series and also appears in the comic book series that inspired the films . Suspect James Holmes was arrested in the Aurora shootings and charged with murdering 12 people and wounding dozens more . Alsobrooks said that Prescott is still hospitalized in Maryland . If convicted on the misdemeanor charge , he faces a maximum sentence of three years in jail , a fine of $ 500 or both . In a Friday news conference , police also revealed that when they interviewed Prescott on Thursday , he was wearing a T-shirt saying , "  Guns do n't kill people . I do . " Later that day , a judge issued an order for Prescott to be hospitalized for evaluation . Analysis : Fewer U.S. gun owners own more guns Democrats propose limits on online ammo sales CNN 's Ted Metzger contributed to this report .	State 's attorney for Prince George 's County says felony charges not possible Angela Alsobrooks urges stronger threat laws in Maryland Neil Prescott , 28 , has been charged with misuse of a telephone Prescott is in a hospital undergoing mental evaluation
CNN  -- The International Committee of the Red Cross called on Israel to allow it immediate access to Gaza , saying a trip into Gaza City revealed weak children laying with their dead mothers and other "  shocking " scenes . Israeli artillery fires a shell toward Gaza from the Israel-Gaza border on Wednesday . Red Cross workers and four ambulances from the Palestine Red Crescent Society managed to enter the Zaytun neighborhood of Gaza City on Wednesday , according to a written release . The crew found four children , too weak to stand , next to their dead mothers in a house containing 12 corpses , the statement says . Other houses revealed more wounded and three more corpses , the release said . It said Israeli soldiers posted near the houses ordered the rescue team to leave the area -- an order the team refused . "  This is a shocking incident , " said Pierre Wettach , the ICRC 's chief official for Israel and the Palestinian territories . "  The Israeli military must have been aware of the situation but did not assist the wounded . Neither did they make it possible for us or the Palestine Red Crescent to assist the wounded . " A spokesman for Israel 's military said early Thursday that the Red Cross 's news release was the first he had heard of the alleged incident . Speaking after midnight , the spokesman said he was unsure if Israel has received a formal request to investigate . "  We do make every effort and our soldiers do put themselves at risk " to help wounded civilians , the spokesman told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . The Red Cross release said the children and other wounded were taken to ambulances in a donkey cart because earth walls erected by Israeli soldiers made it impossible for the ambulances to reach their neighborhood . Watch psychologist describe how war affects children " It said the group was told more wounded people were in the neighborhood , and demanded that Israel grant it and the Red Crescent immediate access and safe passage to search for them . The Israeli spokesman said the military has established a 24-hour liaison to maintain contacts with humanitarian organizations . The Israeli military operation in Gaza has killed at least 680 people and injured more than 3,000 since it launched December 27 , Palestinian medical sources said Wednesday . Thirty percent of the deaths are women and children , according to the U.N. 's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , citing statistics released Tuesday by the Palestinian Ministry of Health . Seven Israeli soldiers and three civilians have been killed since the operation , the Israeli military reported . Israel says the purpose of the operation is to stop Hamas militants from firing rockets from Gaza into southern Israel .	Red Cross : Workers found weak kids with dead mothers during trip into Gaza City Team found wounded people , corpses , Red Cross says Red Cross official : Israeli military did n't help the wounded International Committee of the Red Cross demands access to Gaza
CNN  -- Inside the city limits of San Antonio , mounds of churned up earth are piled knee high as far as the eye can see . Fresh green grass has disappeared and the only evidence of any shrubs is the exposed roots protruding from the carnage . What looks to be the path of a devastating tornado in America 's heartland is actually the result of a small group of feral hogs in the Lone Star state . Texas , along with many of the southern states , is facing a problem of "  Hogzilla " proportions . From agricultural fields and farmland to golf courses and playgrounds , no property is off limits to these chubby eating machines . From 2 to 6 million feral hogs are wreaking havoc in at least 39 states . Texas is said to be home to over half of the country 's feral hog population . Recently , I co-hosted a special series on invasive species featuring the devastating impact feral hogs are having on the residents and livestock of Texas . This "  pig explosion " is affecting anyone who drives a car or drinks tap water . In other words -- everyone . The term , "  feral hogs , " refer to either domesticated hogs that are now wild or Russian boars , or the hybrid of the two . Hogs have roamed the U.S. since the 1530s and were an important source of food for the early pioneers . It was n't until the 1930s when the Eurasian wild boar was released into the Texas landscape that things began brewing for the perfect pig storm . Given their ability to adapt well to most environments and their breeding capabilities , a pair of hogs can quickly become hundreds . Sows can become pregnant at 6 to 8 months old and are capable of birthing four to six piglets per litter . In Texas alone the agricultural damage caused by hogs is estimated to be $ 52 million dollars annually . With millions of hog snouts rooting their way through the Southern states , the problem has grown from an agricultural and rural issue to a suburban nightmare . As witnessed recently in the Atlanta suburbs , a torn up yard or demolished sprinkler system is a common occurrence . Imagine driving your car into a 500-pound black boar or worse ... a group of them . Hundreds of pig-vehicle collisions occur every year . In some cases , severe injury and death happen . Along with costing taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars in land , property and collision damage , another scary reality is the effect on water quality . Because hogs do n't have any sweat glands they often wallow in creeks and rivers beds to keep cool . Defecating in and around these water sources produce high levels of bacteria . This same contaminated water is often used to irrigate agricultural fields that are growing your family 's vegetables . Some reports estimate the total damage feral hogs cause annually in the U.S. to be over $ 1 billion . Whether we 're talking millions or billions , the big question looms in everyone 's mind : What can we do about it ? Is an "  Aporkalypse " inevitable ? The first and most important step is to acknowledge and understand the problem at hand . The Invasive Species Council has made efforts to spotlight the problem both at the state and federal levels . With many shows highlighting hog hunting , even on prime time TV , the issue has been brought to the attention of the general public . That poses another question : Whose problem is it ? Often people do n't care about problems that are n't occurring in their own backyard . While there 's no easy solution , there are ways of helping manage their numbers . Being a lifelong big game hunter , I fully support any legal method of helping lower the population of feral hogs . Hunting and trapping are two of the best solutions . I 've hunted wild hogs in the swamplands of Florida . I 've even hunted hogs in Texas at night . The only problem I see in hunting hogs is there are not enough hunters . Pigs are smart and typically more active at night . Hunting pigs is not as easy as one might think . And while hunting and trapping these destructive creatures can be very successful , hunters and trappers simply ca n't keep up with the population . Now the thought probably crossed your mind : How about we eat them ? Sure , these pigs will never win any beauty pageant but they are wonderful table fare . Butchered into bacon strips and pork chops or barbecued on the spit , they are simply delicious . In my opinion , wild hog meat is just as tasty as common , domesticated pig . In fact , trapped hogs in Texas are often sold to independent buyers who sell these swines overseas to Asian markets . But in order to get them to the dining table we still need to knock them down first . Personally , I have witnessed the devastation on several visits to Texas while interviewing ranchers and wildlife officials . The severity of the situation hit home after I met a woman who demolished her pickup truck after it collided with a 300-pound boar . The southern states are the ones most affected by the wild hogs but that wo n't be the case for long as their population grows . It 's obvious this is a serious problem that needs to be addressed . In the theatrical release of this summer 's blockbuster hit "  World War Z " Brad Pitt figured out how to save humanity from a virus . Texas could be in a world of hurt because of their pig population if they do n't prepare for "  World War P. " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jana Waller .	Jana Waller : Many southern states are facing a problem of "  Hogzilla ' "  proportions Waller : Estimate says two to 8 million feral hogs are wreaking havoc in 39 states She says the hogs cause costly damages to property , agriculture and water supply Waller : I fully support any legal method of lowering the population of feral hogs
Antakya , Turkey  CNN  -- Demonstrators congregated in central squares in Istanbul on Sunday , blowing giant bubbles , blaring music and chanting "  down with the government " for a "  Peace Day " rally . The annual anti-war protest was organized amid a Turkish government effort to push the U.S. to intervene militarily in neighboring Syria . Turkey 's prime minister has made no secret of the fact that he would like the U.S. to lead an effort to topple Syrian president Bashar al-Assad . On condition of anonymity , Turkish government officials have shown respect for the American democratic decision-making process , while also expressing disappointment at President Barack Obama 's announcement Saturday that he would seek congressional approval before launching any attack on Syria . "  We are not thrilled with the delay and uncertainty that today 's announcement entails , " wrote one Turkish official , describing his government 's reaction . On Friday , as the Obama administration was still mulling the possibility of a strike against the al-Assad regime , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan told journalists "  a limited intervention will not satisfy us . " "  It should be like the one in Kosovo , " he added , referring to the 1998-99 U.S.-led campaign to drive Serbian troops out of that contested region in the Balkans . "  The intervention should n't be a one - to two-day hit and run . It should bring the regime to the brink of giving up , " Erdogan said . Erdogan 's outspoken opposition to the al-Assad regime , and his government 's overt and covert support to armed Syrian rebels , have proven divisive in Turkey . A senior Turkish official concedes that the Syrian policy has been criticized as "  un-Islamic " by some influential members of Erdogan 's ruling Justice and Development Party . "  Before the prime minister expressed support for the rebels , Assad had killed only 5,000 people , " the official said , on condition of anonymity . "  But now more than 100,000 people have died , and it has gone from being a sectarian conflict to a sectarian war . " In the Turkish border province of Hatay , which has absorbed some of the hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees who have flooded into Turkey since the conflict erupted more than two years ago , leftist opposition groups prepared to stage their own anti-war rallies in the provincial capital of Antakya . There is substantial sympathy among some members of Hatay 's Alawite religious minority for al-Assad , who is also a member of the Alawite sect . Critics accuse Erdogan of supporting Syria 's overwhelmingly Sunni Muslim armed opposition . The ranks of its armed fighters have swelled over the last year with jihadi volunteers traveling through Turkey to Syria from North Africa , Europe and North America .	Demonstrators at annual anti-war gathering chant "  down with the government " Turkey 's prime minister wants a U.S. attack on Syria that will bring down the government PM Erdogan 's opposition to Syria 's al-Assad regime has proven divisive in Turkey
Washington  CNN  -- Federal authorities filed 17 new charges against Ahmed Abu Khatallah , alleging that he was the ringleader of twin 2012 attacks on U.S. diplomatic and CIA compounds in Benghazi that killed four Americans . A new indictment against Khatallah , 43 , provides new details of the attack and what federal prosecutors say was his role in leading 20 armed men in the attacks carried out over more than seven hours . Previously , prosecutors charged him with a single count of providing material support to terrorists . According to the indictment , Khatallah conspired with others "  on or before Sept. 11 , 2012 " to attack the U.S. diplomatic post . "  He believed the facility was being used to collect intelligence , that he viewed the U.S. intelligence actions in Benghazi as illegal , " the document said . "  These additional charges reflect Ahmed Abu Khattalah 's integral role in the attack on U.S. facilities in Benghazi , which led to the deaths of four brave Americans , " said Attorney General Eric Holder . The indictment does n't say how much planning was involved , and does n't account for the possibility that the attack coincided with other attacks elsewhere in the Muslim world that targeted U.S. diplomatic facilities . Republican critics have said the Obama administration failed to take sufficient measures to prevent the attacks . They also criticize officials for initially portraying the terrorist rampage as spinning out from street protests blamed on an anti-Islam movie produced in the United States . Khatallah has pleaded not guilty to one count of providing material support to terrorists and will remain jailed until his trial , a federal magistrate ruled in July . He will be arraigned on the new charges on October 20 . Ten of those charges , including murder , could carry the death penalty . Authorities contend that Khatallah is a senior leader of Ansar al Sharia , whose members were among several militias that participated in the two-pronged armed assault . Khatallah remained free for more than a year after the attacks , doing interviews with CNN and other media , prompting criticism of the Obama administration over how long it was taking to arrest the alleged attackers . He was arrested in a military raid in Libya in June and charged in federal court in Washington , D.C. , mere yards away from Capitol buildings where he has become the center of political controversy . Assistant Attorney General for national security John Carlin said in a statement Tuesday that the case "  highlights our resolve to find and hold terrorists accountable wherever they may hide . " Prosecutors say the attack in Benghazi began around 9:45 p.m. with Khatallah and about 20 armed men attacking the main gate of the diplomatic mission . They set fire to buildings and Khatallah and others allegedly turned away emergency responders . Ambassador Christopher Stevens and Sean Patrick Smith , a mission employee , perished from wounds suffered in that attack . The attackers retreated briefly around 10:15 p.m. , according to the indictment , and then an hour later launched another attack on the mission 's southern gate . They used assault rifles , rocket propelled grenades and other explosives . The attackers plundered what they could from the compound , then shortly after midnight , the indictment says Khatallah and others retreated to a camp operated by Ansar al Sharia . Khatallah then led the attacks on the CIA annex beginning at 12:30 a.m. and again at 5:15 a.m. , according to the indictment . Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty , security officers at the CIA annex , were killed . At a July hearing , defense lawyers contended the Justice Department has n't provided evidence to support the case .	Grand jury hands down 17 more charges against suspected militant Ahmed Abu Khatallah was captured in Libya and transferred to the U.S. He has pleaded not guilty to a charge of providing support to terrorists
CNN  -- Investigators found the blood of Susan Powell , the mother of two who went missing in 2009 , inside the family 's Utah home and a handwritten will saying she feared for her life at the hands of her husband , court documents show . The documents , unsealed late Friday , offer a glimpse of the evidence authorities collected that put Powell 's husband at the center of the investigation into her December 2009 , disappearance . They also raise questions about why he was not arrested prior to killing himself and his two sons in a murder-suicide in February . "  If he had been in jail , our grandchildren would still be alive , " Chuck Cox , the father of Susan Powell , told Seattle-based CNN affiliate KOMO . Authorities say Josh Powell snatched the two boys -- Braden and Charlie -- from a social worker , who was delivering them for a supervised visit . He locked the doors and killed them and himself moments before his Puyallup , Washington , home exploded . "  Despite these events , Susan Powell is still missing . Her whereabouts , we have n't solved that yet . What happened to her , we still need to work on that , " West Valley City Police Chief Thayle "  Buzz " Nielsen told reporters , according to CNN affiliate KSL of Salt Lake City . "  My department is committed to locating Susan and bringing a resolution to this case . That 's why it 's still active . " The documents used as part of an affidavit to request a search warrant of Josh Powell 's Washington home are also tied to a criminal case involving his father , Steven Powell . Josh Powell maintained his innocence in his wife 's disappearance until his death . He had said he last saw her on December 6 , 2009 , after he and his two sons left after midnight to go camping in below-freezing weather in a desert area in Tooele County , Utah . Susan Powell 's sister reported her missing . A month later , Powell and his children moved from Utah to Washington where he moved in with his father . But the documents paint a picture of a man uncooperative with authorities whose story about the night his wife disappeared changed several times . They also reveal that one of the sons , Charlie , told a police investigator that "  his mommy went camping with them , although she did not come back with them and he did not know why , " the documents said . Weeks later in Washington , Charlie told a teacher that "  my mom is dead . " In the hours after Susan Powell was reported missing , authorities said they found two fans inside the living room sofa that appeared to have just been cleaned . A search of the Powell home found "  blood evidence was located on the tile floor next to the carpet adjacent to the sofa . Forensic tests of this blood indicated it was Susan Powell 's , " the documents said . The documents also reveal authorities found Susan Powell 's cell phone in the possession of Josh Powell . The phone was switched off and its portable memory chip , known as a SIM card , was missing , the documents said . "  We believe Josh intentionally removed that SIM card from the cell phone to intentionally thwart investigators , " said West Valley City Police Sgt. Mike Powell , who is not related to the family . He also later surrendered his cell phone to authorities , who say that phone also had its SIM card removed . During the early days of the investigation , a detective located a safe deposit box that Susan Powell opened at a bank in Salt Lake City . In the box , the detective found a letter that was folded and stapled around the edges . The letter was titled "  Last Will & Testament for Susan Powell . " "  This handwritten document indicates that she did not trust Josh Powell at all , " Sgt. Powell said . She wrote that her husband had "  threatened to destroy her if they get divorced and her children will not have a mother and father , " the documents said . It also said , according to the documents , that "  if Susan Powell dies it may not be an accident , even if it looks like one . " The documents also reveal that Susan Powell was terrified of her father-in-law , Steven Powell . Authorities have said they discovered child pornography on the computer of Steven Powell . He was subsequently jailed and charged with 14 counts of voyeurism involving two child victims , and one count of possessing pictures of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct , according to court records .	The blood of Susan Powell was found on tile , court documents say Powell left a will that said her husband threatened to destroy her , the documents say Powell was last seen on December 6 , 2009 , at her family 's Utah home Josh Powell killed his two sons and himself in February
Washington  CNN  -- The son of U.S. Sen. James Inhofe radioed that he was having control problems with his twin-engine airplane and that one of the engines had shut down shortly before the plane crashed November 10 , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . Perry Inhofe , an orthopedic surgeon in Tulsa and the only person on the plane , died in the Owasso , Oklahoma , crash . In a preliminary report , safety board investigators said Perry Inhofe had been cleared to land on runway 18 Left at Tulsa International Airport and had cleared the runway 's outer marker when the plane began a left turn . When the air traffic controller asked Inhofe about the deviation , Inhofe reported that he had a control problem . "  The left turn continued , and the controller then cleared the pilot to maneuver to the west and asked if he needed assistance , " the report reads . "  The pilot informed the controller that the left engine was shut down . " The controller declared an emergency for the pilot and asked about the number on board and the fuel remaining , but got no answer , the report says . The plane , a Mitsubishi MU 2B-25 , completed a 360-degree turn before radar contact was lost . Several witnesses to the crash said one engine propeller appeared not to be rotating as the plane made a left turn and the wings began to rock back and forth . The plane then made a right turn , followed by a left turn , and a steep spiral to the left before it descended out of view , according to the report . The plane 's fire-damaged wreckage was found in a wooded area five miles north of the airport . Eight days after the crash , Sen. Inhofe , R-Oklahoma , spoke on the Senate floor of his "  horrible loss , " thanking the Senate chaplain and others for their tributes for his son .	Perry Inhofe radioed that one of his engines was out , plane had control problems The twin-engine aircraft went down north of the Tulsa International Airport Inhofe , an orthopedic surgeon , was the son of Sen. James Inhofe
CNN  The State Department only last month started automatically preserving dozens of high-level officials ' emails , according to a department spokeswoman , a revelation that comes amid the controversy surrounding former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's own email use . This is key because Clinton , in her news conference on Tuesday to answer questions about why she exclusively used a private email address to communicate during her tenure , told reporters she 'd thought her communications to senior department officials were always saved . That 's an important point , given legal requirements for preserving federal records . "  In meeting the record-keeping obligations , it was my practice to email government officials on their State or dot-gov accounts so that the emails were immediately captured and preserved , " she said . The news about the State Department 's archiving practices -- and the change that started in February -- could refuel the furor of Republicans over Clinton 's choice to not use her government email account , to have a private server in her family home house her emails , and to decide  with her staff  which emails to delete and which to turn over to the State Department for review . Rep. Susan Brooks , a member of the select committee investigating the 2012 Benghazi attack , said in the Republicans ' weekly media address Saturday , "  You see , right now there is no way for us to know whether we have all of the State Department communications that rightfully belong to the American people . " "  The only way to truly know is by having access to Secretary Clinton 's personal server , " the Indiana Republican added . "  We are asking Secretary Clinton to turn her server over to a neutral , third-party arbiter . After a complete inventory , this arbiter can make a determination as to which emails should be public and which should remain private . These decisions would be completely impartial and independent . " So far , Brooks ' committee had gotten just under 300 of Clinton 's emails from the State Department . Last year , as it was trying to update its records , the State Department asked former secretaries of state for nonpersonal emails from their personal accounts that could be work-related . That request prompted Clinton to turn over 30,490 emails -- about 55,000 pages . Clinton has asked for those emails to be made public , and department officials are reviewing them to make sure no sensitive information is released . Clinton 's office had said her account contained 62,320 sent and received emails from March 2009 to February 2013 . "  About half were personal that were not in any way related to work . I had no reason to save them , " Clinton said at her press conference . The fact that all emails from senior officials were n't automatically saved until recently does n't mean they are gone , according to the State Department . "  I would n't state it 's lost to history , because there are always -- there are technical means of gaining access to past information , " spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Friday . At the same time , Psaki said the State Department chose to change its approach -- by automatically saving all emails -- "  because it 's an imperfect system . " "  This is a more efficient and better way , " she said of the new system . "  But , obviously , there were ways to preserve  emails  , and employees and individuals were expected to do that prior to this new process . " Separately , Psaki said that a letter was recently sent to former State Department staffers asking for their help in the preservation effort . "  If they should become aware ... of federal record in their possession -- such as an email sent or received on a personal email account while  they were  serving in their official capacity at the Department -- that ... record  should  be made available to the Department , " Psaki said the ex-staffers were told . Even before last month 's chance , emails of current Secretary of State John Kerry , who uses a government address , were already being saved automatically . CNN 's Adam Levine contributed to this report .	Hillary Clinton used a private email address while Secretary of State She 's said she thought her communications to officials were always saved However , a State Department official says emails were n't automatically archived until last month
CNN  -- Not divulging why she left , a Georgia sheriff said Thursday that a mother of five who disappeared last week is safe , healthy and not about to face criminal charges . "  The case of Wazineh Suleiman is closed , " Bartow County Sheriff Clark Millsap told reporters in Cartersville . "  She is in a safe location , she is alive , she is well . " Suleiman had n't been heard from since last Friday night , when her husband arrived home to find the couple 's children , ages 6 through 12 alone , and no sign of his wife since she 'd left him uncharacteristically profane text messages . Millsap on Thursday refused to explain why Suleiman may have gone missing , saying only that "  why she left is her business , and not ours . " "  Our main concern was to make sure that she was safe and we have discovered that , " the sheriff said . "  Anything that is going on at her residence is her business and her husband 's business . " Since being found , the woman told authorities that she does not want "  to let anyone know where she is " -- a request Millsap said law enforcement officers will respect . Police also have not offered details about how or where she was found . The sheriff said that no criminal charges will be filed against anyone in the case . Earlier Thursday , her father , Basem Jaber , said only that Suleiman was "  safe " and with members of the sheriff 's department . He said he did not know why his daughter went missing , saying only he was very happy she 'd been found and he expected to see her for the first time later Thursday afternoon . "  She 's good , she 's in good condition , " he told reporters Thursday outside the Bartow County sheriff 's office . Suleiman 's husband , Abed Suleiman , has said that , after attending Friday prayers , he brought home four pizzas at his wife 's request and the family ate dinner together . He then set out for Kentucky on a turkey hunting trip with a male friend . When Abed Suleiman and his friend were about an hour from home they were informed that turkey hunting season was to begin the following weekend . They immediately turned around , the husband said . The friend corroborated the story and receipts back it up , Millsap has said . Wazineh Suleiman was last heard from that night , according to her husband of 14 years , in the form of profanity-laced text messages that she sent him . "  It 's over and I 'm throwing the phone out the window , " read one of the messages . Others contained curses , including the f-word , he said , "  She would never , ever send me a text message or use that word in front of me or to me at all , " Abed Suleiman said Wednesday on HLN 's "  Nancy Grace . " "  That 's the way she is , " he said . His 30-year-old wife is a kindergarten teacher 's assistant . When he arrived home last Friday around 9 p.m. , Abed Suleiman found his five children home alone , something he said had never happened before at night . His oldest child told him their mother had been gone 10 minutes . The husband said he thought Wazineh Suleiman had gone to a Walmart to rent a video . But police say there is no evidence she ever made it to Walmart . Later that evening , Abed Suleiman called police to report her missing . Until Thursday , the biggest development in the case came Tuesday , when the family 's 2004 Nissan Armada was found in an empty parking lot near Interstate 75 . Abed Suleiman , a pharmacist , said Wednesday that his wife 's credit cards had n't been used since she went missing . The couple filed for bankruptcy in August . Abed Suleiman said , "  I have a good income and I bought two very expensive properties in south Florida " that they ended up being unable to afford . HLN 's Philip Rosenbaum contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : "  The case of Wazineh Suleiman is closed , " a Georgia county sheriff says NEW : The sheriff says he wo n't divulge her location or explain why she went missing Her father says she 's "  in good condition " ; he does n't know what happened The woman left their five children alone at their Bartow County home Friday night
Thousands of residents in the capital of the Gorno-Badakshan region in eastern Tajikistan were trapped Thursday for a third consecutive day without any connection to the outside world , government officials , aid workers and witnesses told CNN . Lola Kassamali , a Tajik who now lives in Seattle , Washington , said she had not been able to reach relatives in Khorog for three days . "  I do n't know what to do , " she said . The cutoff of communications began Tuesday , when fighting erupted in the autonomous region -- also known as Pamir -- after central government forces attempted to arrest a former opposition warlord believed to have been behind the killing of a top security general . Read more : Deadly clashes erupt in Tajikistan Residents of Khorog , the capital of the province of Gorno-Badakhshan , awakened Tuesday to helicopters carrying government forces and flying low over the city near the compound of the former warlord , Tolib Ayombekov , witnesses said . Communication lines , including cell phones and Internet service , were severed . Aid workers , some of whom had satellite telephones , were evacuated . The government accuses Ayombekov 's fighters in last weekend 's killing of Maj. Gen. Abdullo Nazarov , head of the regional branch of the State Committee on National Security , which is a successor to the Soviet KGB . A group of unidentified people stopped Nazarov 's car near Khorog , according to Ria-Novosti , a Russian state-run news service . He was pulled from the car , stabbed several times and died en route to a hospital , according to Ria-Novosti . A spokesman for the government in the Tajik capital of Dushanbe said the killing was "  the last straw . " He said the warlords were troublemakers . In his last public appearance before he went into hiding early this week , Ayombekov told reporters that Nazarov 's security detail had failed to protect him . It was not clear what he meant by that . Apparently , Ayombekov 's forces were prepared for Tuesday 's arrival of government forces looking for him . Residents described continuous gunfire in the city , which borders Afghanistan . The Central Asian News Agency said Ayombekov refused to surrender to police and instigated the attack against government forces . At least 12 soldiers and 30 opposition fighters were killed in the fighting , said a statement from Tajikistan 's security service on Tuesday . Police arrested two suspects but were still seeking Ayombekov , who is the suspected leader of a ring that smuggled tobacco , precious jewels and drugs , the Central Asian News Service said . Until last week , Ayombekov had been working for Nazarov overseeing border security between Tajikistan and Afghanistan , an administration official in Badakhshan told CNN . The official did not want to be identified because he is not allowed to speak to the news media . Tajikistan gained independence with the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 but has been troubled by a five-year civil war that ended in 1997 as well as widespread corruption and poverty , which continue today . Read more : Clinton discusses human rights , regional security in Tajikistan Tensions remain high between the Tajik government in Dushanbe and the warlords -- so-called Komandos -- of Gorno-Badakshan , who are members of the Pamiri ethnic minority . The region was a stronghold of rebels during the civil war , which claimed thousands of lives . The war divided people along ethnic and regional lines , and the Pamiri largely sided with the opposition . A United Nations-brokered peace plan left President Emomali Rakhmon 's secular government in place but gave some of his opponents , including Ayombekov , official jobs . Rakhmon , who has Moscow 's support , has sought to consolidate power and stamp out remnants of the former opposition-turned-warlords . Khorog residents said they had received no warning of this week 's fighting . The official from the Badakhshan administration said residents told him they were not siding with anyone -- they just wanted safe passage out of Pamir . Journalist Mirzojalol Shohjamolov said a group of residents gathered in front of Khorog Square , near the government building , with signs that said : "  Stop military actions in Khorog . " Protests against the military operation were also held in New York , Moscow and the Kyrgyzstan city of Bishkek . In New York , Rustam Nazrisho vowed to demonstrate daily in front of the United Nations until the government of Tajikistan restores communications and offers safe passage out of the region to residents who have been caught up in the violence .	Government forces clash with opposition fighters in Gorno-Badakshan region At least 42 people are killed Tensions run high in the area ; ethnic Pamiris have been at odds with the government The region was a stronghold for Islamist rebels during a bloody civil war
CNN  -- Foreign governments should urgently accept Haitian orphans on humanitarian grounds following this week 's devastating earthquake , an orphanage director in Haiti and adoptive parents said Friday . Emergency visas and passports could help push through adoptions that were stalled after the quake , and would open up beds for children who lost their parents in the disaster , said Dixie Bickel , director of God 's Littlest Angels orphanage just outside Port-au-Prince . Paperwork for adoptions that were under way when the earthquake hit Tuesday night may now be buried in the rubble of collapsed buildings and lost , said Bickel , whose orphanage cares for 152 children , including 84 babies . The government officials who deal with adoption cases may be missing , hurt , or otherwise focused on the disaster , which means the adoptions wo n't go through , she said . "  I would like to see the international community come up with a plan for the children that have been adopted by European , Canadian , and American citizens of how these children can go to their adoptive parents ' countries , either under refugee status or emergency status of some sort , " Bickel told CNN . God 's Littlest Angels is considered one of Haiti 's larger orphanages . Parents who have adopted children through the orphanage are also pressing their governments for emergency action . "  The orphans need to be granted refugee status and allowed to come home to their adoptive parents , " said Allison Garwood of Los Angeles , California , who adopted a boy from GLA and brought him home last year . "  The U.S. needs to not only allow but demand that children be sent to their adoptive families right away . " British citizen Chris Skelton , who arrived in Haiti hours before the earthquake hit to sign paperwork as part of the adoption process , wrote a public letter urging foreign help . "  I can not express the sheer magnitude of the plight that the children of this country have faced , one which will now spiral downwards further with devastating results , " Skelton wrote in the letter . "  The situation is dire -- there will be many more children in need of help , and GLA and other orphanages can not cope with the increased need . " The foreign ministries of Britain , Belgium , and France said they could not immediately respond , but Luxembourg 's Foreign Ministry said it was aware of the issue . "  The Luxembourg authorities are informed of the situation of Miss Bickel and the children at the orphanage God 's Littlest Angels , and our authorities are in touch with the Red Cross and the local authorities to solve the issue , " spokesman Robert Steinmetz told CNN . Bickel said her request is only for those children who have been adopted but who are still in Haiti as their cases go through a lengthy government approval process which can take anywhere from six months to two years . The children 's paperwork may have been in the pipeline but after the quake , the status is now unclear , Bickel said . "  Some of my papers were in the Palace of Justice -- that building is no longer there , " she said . "  Some of my paperwork was in the Ministry of the Interior -- I do n't know if that building is there . I had passports being printed  for the children  . I do n't know if the paperwork is still there . " Bickel said her lawyer told her the country 's top adoptions official , Judge Rock Cadet , was killed when the courthouse collapsed . As long as the adopted children can make it out of the country , Bickel said , the orphanage can ensure the children 's paperwork is completed in Haiti . If the children ca n't leave the country , it will mean orphanages like Bickel 's must turn away any children newly orphaned by the earthquake , she said . "  It leaves me with children in my care who are going to sit here for an additional five , six months at least , " she said . "  It 's going to prevent me from taking in any children that were affected by this disaster . My beds are full . I ca n't take any children in , not unless I put them on the floor or I put two or three children to a bed . "	Orphanage head urges governments to accept Haitian children for adoption Paperwork for many adoptions in process lost in quake , officials say
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- Nearly 3 million gallons of sewage spilled into San Francisco Bay when a pump failed at a waste treatment facility , the Marin County Sheriff 's Department told CNN on Friday . Attempts are being made to contain Thursday night 's 2.7 million-gallon sewage spill . The 2.7 million-gallon spill occurred Thursday night . A pump failed at the South Marin Sanitation District 's waste treatment facility in the town of Mill Valley , said Lt. Doug Pittman . The waste was released into Richardson Bay , an inlet of the large bay on the east shore of Marin County , he said . See the spill from the air " The sewage and storm water was partially treated , according to Greg Renick of the California Office of Emergency Services . In addition to the pump failure , he said , an alarm that would have alerted workers at the facility to the spill also failed . The accidental release occurred between 5:30 and 8:30 p.m. Thursday , according to a statement from Marin County 's emergency operations center . But the Sewerage Agency of Southern Marin did n't report it to the state until 11:16 p.m. , Renick said . The state Office of Emergency Services notified local offices in the bay area within an hour of receiving the report , he said . The Marin County Department of Environmental Health was conducting tests Friday to determine how far the contamination had spread , Pittman said . Boaters were being warned to avoid the Richardson Bay area , and residents were told to avoid contact with the water . The California Department of Fish and Game has had a boat and personnel on the water since early Friday , and has found no sign of sick or distressed wildlife resulting from the spill , agency spokesman Steve Martarano said . Marin County is just across the Golden Gate Bridge from San Francisco . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Chuck Afflerbach contributed to this report	NEW : Sewage was partially treated , Office of Emergency Services says The 2.7 million-gallon spill occurred Thursday night , Sheriff 's Department says Pump and alarm failed at Marin County waste treatment facility Area being tested ; boaters advised to avoid Richardson Bay area
OPRAH.com  -- When I was a teen , I tried to read the entire Encyclopedia Britannica . My goal : Memorize its contents , be on TV game shows , win cash and prizes , run away from home , move to Manhattan and become a professional writer . Instead of focusing on getting Mr. Right , focus on finding Life Plan Right , says author . I got as far as Asparagus . To this day , I know a little about a lot of words beginning with "  A. " Some favorites : ants , atoms , alchemy . Plus , Aristotle was a childhood crush , because I 've always loved philosophy . When I finished reading his one-page encyclopedic write-up , I bought books about him . I 'd been saving these dog-eared , underlined Aristotle books , as well as the "  A " book of Britannica , all to be used in a novel , where I 'd been planning to bless my protagonist with the quirky detail of knowing all things "  A. " I recently rediscovered these Aristotle books when moving apartments . I flipped through and was surprised to discover Aristotle said a lot of the same things about love and happiness as modern psychologists . Only Aristotle obviously said it first , having been born at least 300 years B.C. Plus , Aristotle said it truly wisely . Indeed , much of what Aristotle said hit home big-time -- in particular about a sexy , smart , funny , rich , lying , cheating , do n't - get-me-started Prince Harming I 'd just broken up with . I could almost hear what Aristotle might say to me if we were to chat over souvlaki . ` Sold your soul to be with him ' "  Mea bene , Karen , " Aristotle would say . "  You know what your problem was with your ex ? He was not your soul mate -- but your ` sold ' mate -- because you sold your soul to be with him . Sure he was sexy , smart , rich , funny -- but alas , he was a liar and a cheat . " "  You 're an intellectual guy . " I 'd correct the regaled philosopher called the "  Mind of the Academy " by Plato . "  I 'm surprised you believe in something as namby-pamby metaphysical as a soul mate ! " Oprah.com : 10 rules to soul mate love "  Absolutely ! " My fave Greek philosopher buddy Ari would respond emphatically . "  Actually , I sort of coined the concept of ` soul mate . ' If there 'd been a little TM trademark thingy back in the 300s B.C. , I 'd be a very rich man today . I firmly believe caretaking the soul is incredibly important for happiness . I describe a soul mate as a ` soul-nurturing mate . ' Someone who nurtures your soul , thereby promoting insight and growth . I pushed folks to find soul mates because , in my opinion , real happiness only comes when you stimulate your core self -- and grow into your highest potential . Basically , the soul is the ultimate G-spot for happiness . " Of course , I 'm paraphrasing for my philosopher buddy . But if Aristotle were here , I know he 'd agree with my verbal modernization . Plus , Ari would go on to describe how he views the world as offering three kinds of relationships , only one of which brings true happiness . 3 kinds of relationships According to ancient philosopher Aristotle , there are three kinds of relationships , only one of which will bring you true happiness . Find out how your relationship measures up ! 1 . Relationships of pleasure Partners who are about sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . You share soulless , passionate sex and playful banter -- but they 're about the body or ego . They never soul-nurture you with insight and growth , so they never bring real-deal happiness . Oprah.com : How to break your bad man habit 2 . Relationships of utility Partners you spend time with in hopes of garnering status , power , money and beauty like the rich guy with a trophy girl . Again , this is about body or ego and does n't bring true joy . 3 . Relationships of shared virtue Partners who challenge and inspire you to grow into your highest potential and nurture your soul . A good example is when Jack Nicholson 's character in "  As Good As It Gets " says , "  You make me want to be a better man . " When you prioritize seeking a partner who supports you becoming your best self -- instead of crushing on "  superficial lures "  hotness , funniness , smartness , success , etc.  -- you wind up with a soul mate/a Prince Charming/a definite keeper ! With this in mind , if you want to be happy in love , you must take time to see past a guy 's "  superficial lures " and look inside his "  superinsidehimself . " Unfortunately , those fumes of chemistry can often dizzy a gal into making stupid love choices . That 's why it 's important to remember : Hot , steamy chemistry eventually fades -- and what 's always left beneath is a person 's true soul . Yes , if you want to be happy , you must seek a good-hearted , ethical soul who brings you great growth -- not simply a hottie who brings great grope Oprah.com : The best things to do for your relationship Confession time : Another superficially alluring quality I 've been suckered in by is humor . I am Silly Putty in a friggin ' funny man 's hands . I once had a boyfriend who teased me that the secret to getting me into bed was to crack five good jokes in a night . He 'd count down his jokes as the night progressed . Unfortunately , funniness is a mere decorative quality -- sometimes developed to avoid talking about real-life issues . Which is why in the past , after a few months of dating a friggin ' funny guy , I 've witnessed all that fabulous ha-ha-ha laughter often gives way to tears when the guy 's true character -- true soul -- shows up as one that avoids honest communication , warm empathy and the desire for growth . Then , when I try to connect soul to soul -- heart to heart -- I am greeted by a gigantic , unmovable whoopee cushion wall . Basically , friggin ' funny is only the tiniest tip of a person . Meanwhile , a person 's soul is a person 's foundation ! For the record : Aristotle was n't against finding someone friggin ' funny or friggin ' sexy or friggin ' rich . He believed these pleasure-bringing qualities were good for stirring up passion , which humans need to be our fullest selves ! But Aristotle recognized "  superficial lures " and material goods were simply what he called "  means to the ends " of happiness , not "  the final ends , " which is always to grow into your most esteemed self . As Aristotle said : "  Men imagine the causes of happiness lie in external goods . That is as if they were to ascribe fine and beautiful lyre playing to the quality of the instrument rather than the skill of the player . " Or as I like to say , "  It 's just as easy to complain about a rich man as it is to complain about a poor man . " Basically , it does n't matter how rich a guy is if his behavior makes you twitchy and miserable . While on the subject of money , Aristotle was no fan of slackers either . He recognized that being or dating poor brought its share of problems . He even admitted the lack of a certain amount of wealth was as much an obstacle to happiness as deprivation of freedom . He gladly accepted that some wealth was needed to be happy -- just as exciting bodily pleasures were needed . But again , wealth and bodily pleasures were mere means to the ends of happiness -- these ultimate ends being to nourish your soul , so you can reach your most esteemed level of self . A big secret to happiness ? Stop focusing on finding a Mr. Right ! Start focusing on finding Life Plan Right . When a Mr. Potential Right comes along , you must ask yourself if this guy will lead you to Life Plan Right or Life Plan Wrong . As you get to know the guy , look to see if he : 1 . Offers you exciting growth as well as exciting grope 2 . Has developed good character -- so he 'll be a positive influence on your character development . If the guy scores two for two , you 're likely in Prince Charming territory . Oprah.com : What you could learn from dating 100 men Adapted by Karen Salmansohn from her book , "  Prince Harming Syndrome . " She is a best-selling author known for creating self-help for people who would n't be caught dead reading self-help . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Author says ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle 's advice for dating still relevant . "  Soul is the ultimate G-spot for happiness , " writer translates Soul mate is someone who nurtures your soul , thereby promoting insight and growth Pleasure , utility and shared virtue are 3 types of relationships that bring happiness
CNN  -- For his victims , Thursday was roughly a decade in coming . That 's when Ariel Castro learned his fate for abducting and raping three women -- Amanda Berry , Michelle Knight and Gina DeJesus -- over a period of approximately 10 years . He pleaded guilty last week to 937 counts in a deal that eliminated the possibility of the death penalty . For a man who sought to control the lives of others , the sentencing hearing was a stark reminder of how fortunes can change . Castro , dressed in an orange jumpsuit , sat handcuffed at the defendant 's table . He was told he would spend the rest of his life behind bars . In contrast , his victims -- one of whom addressed the court and two of whom did so through representatives -- spoke about their new-found freedom . The script was flipped . Here 's a look at five extraordinary moments from court : 1 . Castro gets millennium in prison ; judge hails victims who "  have persevered " Judge Michael Russo did not mince words when he handed down Castro 's sentence , amounting to life in prison plus 1,000 years . "  Sir , there 's no place in this city . There is no place in this country . Indeed , there is no place in this world for those who enslave others , " he said . Contrary to the defendant 's testimony , Russo characterized Castro as a "  victimizer , " not a victim . "  You made them slaves and you treated them as if they were not people , that they were just sex objects , " the judge said . "  You do n't deserve to be out in our community . You 're too dangerous because in your mind , you 're a victim , again , as opposed to those who actually did suffer . " Castro interrupted Russo periodically to argue certain points . He took issue with being described as a "  violent sexual predator . " Russo claimed Castro was capable of choosing who he victimized , and elected to take advantage of young women . "  You felt you were dominating them but you were incorrect . You could not take away their dignity , " he said . "  Although they suffered terribly , Ms. Knight , Ms. DeJesus and Ms. Berry did not give up hope . They have persevered . "  In fact , they prevailed . These remarkable women again have their freedom , which is the most precious aspect of being an American . "  Mr. Castro you forfeited that right . You now become a number with the Department of Rehabilitation and Correction . You will be confined for the remainder of your days . " 2 . Knight speaks defiantly , eloquently : "  Years turned into eternity " Knight was the only one of Castro 's victims to speak directly in court . Flanked by her attorneys , she painted a damning portrait of her former captor and rapist , and touched on the time she spent under his roof . "  I cried every night . I was so alone , " she said , wiping tears from her face . "  I worried about what would happen to me and the other girls every day , " Knight said . "  Days never got shorter . Days turned into nights . Nights turned into days . Years turned into eternity . I knew nobody cared about me . " She called Castro a hypocrite for going to church and coming home to abuse her and the other women . The death penalty would be too easy , Knight told Castro , who sat stoically behind her as she spoke . "  I spent 11 years in hell . Now your hell is just beginning , " she said . Knight said she could forgive Castro , but that she will never forget . She hopes to help other victims of abuse . "  I know that there is a lot of people going through hard times , but we need to reach out a hand and hold them , and let them know that they 're being heard , " Knight said . "  After 11 years , I am finally being heard . And it 's liberating . " 3 . Castro : "  I do n't know why " For the first time at length in court , Castro spoke , offering a window into how he thinks . His roughly 16-minute statement was rambling . He spoke of what he considers his sexual addiction , and defended parts of his personality . He said he is a "  happy person inside . " Finally , Castro apologized . "  These people are trying to paint me as a monster , and I 'm not a monster . I 'm sick , " he said . Castro told the court he was a victim of sex abuse as a child and struggled throughout life with addiction . He compared his behavior to that of alcoholics . "  I did not prey on these women . I just acted on my sexual instincts because of my sexual addiction , and God as my witness , I never beat these women like they 're trying to say that I did , " he said . Captives ' hellish live inside Castro 's home Castro described taking his first victim . "  When I got up that day , I did not say , ` Oh , I 'm going to get up and try to find some women , ' because it just was n't my character . But I know it 's wrong , " he said . "  I 'm not trying to make excuses here . I know I 'm 100 % wrong for doing that . " Castro apologized to Berry , Knight and DeJesus , and asked for their forgiveness . He became emotional and his voice broke . "  I am truly sorry for what happened . To this day , I am trying to answer my own questions . I do n't know why , " he said . "  I just hope they can find it in their hearts to forgive me . Because we had a lot of harmony going on in that home . " 4 . "  She loves and she is loved , " spokeswoman says of DeJesus Sylvia Colon , a family member and spokeswoman , addressed the court on behalf of DeJesus . "  Today we will close this chapter of our lives , " she said . Colon asked for privacy for her family and for DeJesus , who she said is thriving . "  She laughs , she swims , she dances , and more importantly she loves and she is loved , " Colon said . "  She lives not as a victim , but as a survivor . Her insurmountable will to prevail is the only story worth discussing . " Colon addressed Castro directly at one point . She turned to face him and spoke in Spanish , asking that God have mercy on his soul . She also addressed members of the Castro family , saying that her family does not blame them . "  We are saddened that you are burdened with this horror and will unfortunately forever be tied to these atrocities , " she said . "  Please know that we do not hold you accountable and pray that you can one day be whole again . " Colon continued : "  Our family recognizes it is not for us to judge or determine any punishment . Only our higher power can do that . " 5 . Berry 's sister : "  Amanda 's concern is that her daughter will hear about things " Castro 's third victim , Berry , was represented in court by her sister , Beth Serrano . Her statement was short and to the point . Like the spokeswoman for DeJesus , she asked for privacy and said that her family member is getting stronger by the day . "  She is strong , beautiful , inside and out , and is doing better every day , " Serrano said , describing her sister as her best friend and the best person she knows . She said Berry does not want people to talk or write about what happened . Her sister wants to protect her daughter , Serrano said . "  Amanda 's concern is that her daughter will hear about things , or read about things , said by the wrong people , the wrong way , at the wrong time -- before Amanda thinks the time is right to tell her daughter . " Berry had no control over anything for a long time , said Serrano . "  Please let her have control over this , so she can protect her daughter . "	Ten centuries in prison for Castro , a speech of defiance from his victim Michelle Knight to former captor : "  After 11 years , I am finally being heard " Representatives of other victims ask for privacy Castro apologizes , attempts to explain his actions but finally , "  I do n't know why "
CNN  -- Amanda Knox 's parents are hopeful that an Italian court 's decision not to re-evaluate the evidence against their daughter means she will be found not guilty of killing her roommate . Edda Mellas and Curt Knox say they have never believed their daughter was guilty . "  We asked for the independent review because we were sure that anybody -LSB- who -RSB- independently looked at it would support our position , " Edda Mellas , Knox 's mother , told CNN 's Larry King in an interview to air Friday night . "  Now , maybe the court decided that they do n't even need that support . That our arguments have already been good enough . " Knox , of Seattle , Washington , has been in an Italian jail and on trial for nearly two years on charges that she helped murder her roommate , British student Meredith Kercher . Knox 's defense lawyers had asked the court for an independent review of the evidence , which can be requested if there is contested or contradicting evidence . Prosecutors say a kitchen knife , allegedly the murder weapon , has Knox 's DNA on the handle and Kercher 's DNA on the blade . The defense disputes that , but last Friday , the court denied the request for a review . Closing arguments in the trial are expected at the beginning of November , and Knox 's parents hope a verdict will finally vindicate their daughter . Watch Curt Knox say why he thinks his daughter was arrested " Her father , Curt Knox , told CNN that he thinks Amanda Knox was targeted as a suspect from the beginning . Within days of Kercher 's murder , Knox and her then-boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , were questioned and portrayed in the media as the undisputed killers . "  I believe that there was a huge mistake made very , very early on by , you know , having a -- literally a ` case closed , ' you know , presentation by the police over there , " he said . Prosecutors held news conferences weeks after the killing , declaring the case solved . Knox , Sollecito and bar owner Patrick Lumumba were believed to have killed Kercher during a sexual game gone horribly awry . Knox was criticized in newspapers and tabloids around the world for her demeanor after the killing , which included photos of her and Sollecito comforting each other as crime scene investigators looked for clues in her house . Knox 's mother told King that those headlines could n't be further from the truth . "  You know , she 's very much a person who internalizes , " Mellas said . "  She was extremely upset , and her roommate testified that when she found out it was Meredith that was killed , she was very upset . She cried ; she did all of that . But by the time those photos were taken , it was hours later , and she was being comforted by Raffaele . " As the investigation went on , the scenario of what happened changed . Lumumba was released because he had an airtight alibi , and DNA evidence from the crime scene soon pointed to a different suspect : Rudy Guede . Guede was sentenced to 30 years for the murder in a separate trial and is appealing the verdict . Knox 's parents believe that Guede is the sole killer , but because the prosecution hammered the idea that Knox and Sollecito were guilty , they could n't back away from it . "  They were just too far into it , and they 've been trying to press it ever since , " Curt Knox said . Knox 's family and friends insist that the girl they know would n't kill anyone . Her parents say they never believed that she was guilty . After the murder , Mellas said , friends and family told Knox to leave Italy -- to either come home or stay with relatives in Germany -- but Knox refused because she wanted to help find the killer and prove that she had nothing to do with it . "  Many people asked her to leave , but she said no . ` I 'm going to stay . I 'm going to try and help . I 'm going to try and finish school , ' " Mellas said . Looking back , her parents wish Knox had left . Now , all they can do is wait -- and hope things turn out how they believe they should . "  We have to believe that what they 're hearing in court -- and it 's so clear that she had nothing to do with it -- then they 'll come out with the right answer , " Curt Knox said . "  I mean , that 's -- that 's what we have to believe . "	Knox is on trial in Italy , accused of killing her British roommate , Meredith Kercher Italian court refused defense request to re-evaluate evidence Amanda Knox 's parents hope that means she will be found not guilty of murder
CNN Student News  -- August 17 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  New York , New York  China  Korean Peninsula Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : A new beginning , but some things stay the same : 10 minutes , no commercials , the top news of the day , and me ! I 'm Carl Azuz . You 're tuned in to CNN Student News . Let 's get started ! First Up : Islamic Center Near Ground Zero AZUZ : Controversy leads off today 's show . It 's about an Islamic center that includes a mosque , an Islamic place of worship , and about where it might be built : a few blocks away from Ground Zero , the spot in New York that was attacked on 9/11 . Some people argue that it is insensitive to build a mosque so close to Ground Zero . In a recent CNN poll , nearly 70 percent of Americans were against this plan . Others say having the Islamic center there could help promote understanding . Last week , President Obama weighed in . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Muslims have the right to practice their religion as everyone else in this country . That includes the right to build a place of worship and a community center on private property in lower Manhattan . AZUZ : Okay , now some people took that statement to mean that the president is in favor of the Ground Zero mosque . A day later , he claimed he was talking about a larger issue . OBAMA : I was not commenting , and I will not comment , on the wisdom of making a decision to put a mosque there . I was commenting very specifically on the right that people have that dates back to our founding . AZUZ : President Obama is taking some heat for how he 's handled this situation and for what he 's said . REP. PETER KING ,  R  NEW YORK : If the president was going to get into this , he should have been much more clear , much more precise . And you ca n't be changing your position from day to day on an issue which does go to our Constitution , and it also goes to extreme sensitivity . So , that 's where I am critical of the president , for not being clear . AZUZ : Putting aside the political reaction , there 's a personal reaction to the proposed mosque . Listen to what a couple New Yorkers had to say about it . WOMAN ON THE STREET : I think it 's terrible . It does n't have anything to do with freedom of religion . It 's making a point . There 's plenty of realty all over Manhattan . There 's plenty of realty everywhere . It should n't be here . MAN ON THE STREET : I 'm glad he interjected because the Muslims have the right to prayer . It 's Ramadan . We have synagogues , we have churches everywhere . I 'm proud of him ; I 'm proud of the United States . Blog Promo AZUZ : Definitely controversial , an issue that people have a lot of strong feelings about . We want to hear yours ! If you go to CNNStudentNews.com , you scroll down a bit and click on our blog , "  From A to Z With Carl Azuz , " you can weigh in . What do you think about a mosque being built near Ground Zero ? Are you for it , against it ? And why ? Log on and share your thoughts today . Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The United States has the world 's largest economy . It 's true ! The U.S. is the biggest . As far as the second largest goes , though ... Second Largest Economy ? AZUZ : And that 's where things get a little tricky . See , Japan has been the world 's second largest economy , but China is catching up . According to a new report , over the last quarter -- the last three months -- China passed Japan . That does n't necessarily mean China has taken over the number 2 spot . We have to wait until the end of the year to find out about that . But as Emily Chang explains , it might be a foregone conclusion . BEGIN VIDEO EMILY CHANG , CNN CORRESPONDENT , BEIJING : According to these new numbers , Japan 's economic output in the second quarter fell slightly short of China 's . Now , for a long time , it has not been a question of if , but when China 's economy would overtake Japan 's as the second largest economy in the world . But , and this is a big but , if you look at the numbers for the first half of this year so far , Japan 's economy is still bigger than China 's . So , analysts are saying we have to wait until after the end of this year , until we get the final numbers for 2010 , before we can make a judgment on this . There are a lot of factors at play here . In Japan , the economy is obviously slowing down , stimulus efforts are slowing down , exports are down and domestic demand is flat . The yen is also at a 15-year high against the dollar , so that makes Japanese exports more expensive for overseas customers . But here in China , the economy is also showing signs of slowing down . GDP growth in the first quarter fell from 11.9 percent to 10.3 percent in the second quarter , and stimulus efforts here are also on the verge of slowing down . And if indeed China does revalue its currency soon , that would make Chinese exports more expensive for overseas customers . So analysts , while most of them seem to agree that China will overtake Japan as the second largest economy in the world some time this year , we do have to wait for those annual numbers for 2010 to come out . Emily Chang , CNN , Beijing . END VIDEO So What ? AZUZ : Okay , China 's economy is getting bigger . So what ? Well , experts figure this stuff out by looking at the value of everything that a country makes . If your economy 's growing , that means you 're making and selling more products . So , China 's making a lot of stuff . And the U.S. -- remember , the U.S. has the largest economy -- it 's making a lot , too . And that could mean competition between the U.S. and China to sell all the products that they make . It could also mean opportunities for the countries to do more business with each other . Sound Check SOUNDS OF MILITARY EXERCISES Military Exercises AZUZ : That military drill lasts for 11 days . It happens every year ; the U.S. and South Korea work together to make sure they 're prepared to defend South Korea , as the U.S. and that country are allies . South Korea 's president says the military exercises are specifically designed to prepare against any threat from North Korea . We mentioned yesterday there 's been a lot of tension between these two countries . North Korea offered its own response to the military drills . It threatened to "  deal a merciless counterblow to the U.S. imperialists " and to South Korean "  traitors . " Kids Sleeping AZUZ : Well , I know a lot of you are dragging right now ; that switchover from sleeping late in summer to school hours can be a beast . Would it make any difference to you if the school bell rang a half-hour later ? I 'm working on a report about that , looking for your input ! Tell us when you think the bell should ring . Tell us on our blog at CNNStudentNews.com ! Football Heat AZUZ : So , we have established that school is back ; so is football ! Some of you players have probably been hitting the practice field for a while now . No matter what team you 're on , this time of year , most everyone 's facing a common opponent : the heat . Reynolds Wolf shows us how a major college program beats the heat . BEGIN VIDEO REYNOLDS WOLF , CNN WEATHER ANCHOR : Each season , the Texas Longhorns face bitter rivals like the Sooners or Aggies . But an even tougher foe is the intense Texas heat . SHERROD HARRIS , QUARTERBACK , UNIV. . OF TEXAS : I do n't think I 've ever gotten used to this heat . The best way I 've been able to adjust to it is drink more Gatorades or waters . WOLF : Hydration : it is one method UT trainer Kenny Boyd stresses . But he also employs high-tech methods . KENNY BOYD , UNIV. . OF TEXAS : Try 100.23 . WOLF : Kenny will pull a player from the field when their body temperature reaches 103 . BOYD : That 's when you can start to exhibit some of the more significant signs or symptoms of someone in heat stress . When they get to 104 , that 's when we pull them from practice or the workout . WOLF : This is me after 20 minutes of light workout in the 105 degree heat . Longhorns , like most players in training , will undergo intense workouts in 45-minute intervals . While doing so , Kenny looks for danger signs . BOYD : Disorientation , any kind of decreased mental acuity , someone that 's beginning to labor a lot more in their drill . How about we go cool off ? WOLF : That sounds great . Wow . One method is this shirt , fitted with a stem that allows a blast of cool air to fill its chambers . Not quite as high tech , but more effective , is this , the rapid cooling tub . Whoa ! May be crude , but it works . And that 's the mission of trainers like Boyd to keep their players safe . BOYD : A lot of us in athletic training have been witness , or been a part , or know people that have had to deal with someone that 's suffered from heat stroke or from a heat crisis . And that has really shaped some of the passion and some of the concerns that we have as a staff today at the University of Texas . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Finally today , when you hear about a police chase involving someone in black and white stripes , this probably is n't what you had in mind . The zebras did n't escape from the zoo . They were actually somebody 's pets ! They got scared by a dog , jumped the fence and took off , and scared local residents and led local authorities on a wild zebra chase around the neighborhood . When they were eventually caught , we can only assume how embarrassed the animals were by the whole incident . Goodbye AZUZ : It probably left them black and white and red all over . Seriously though , zebras as pets ? That owner must have a wild life . Whoo ! CNN Student News returns tomorrow . We 're gon na look forward to seeing you then .	Consider a controversy surrounding a proposed Islamic center near Ground Zero Examine how China 's economy might soon become the second largest in the world Take the field to learn how a college football program tries to beat the heat Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt was found guilty of the genocide of more than 1,700 indigenous Ixil Mayans during his 1982-83 rule . A three-judge panel issued the verdict Friday , one day after the conclusion of the trial . The court sentenced Rios Montt , 86 , to 80 years in prison . The trial marked the first time a head of state has been tried for genocide by his country 's own judicial system . Yassmin Barrios , the tribunal 's president , read a lengthy review of how the judges reached their verdict before announcing it . The dozens of Ixil witnesses proved that the military killed , tortured and raped the indigenous population . As de facto president , Rios Montt knew atrocities were being committed and did nothing to stop it , Barrios said . Rios Montt 's co-defendant and intelligence chief , Mauricio Rodriguez Sanchez , was absolved . Guatemala confronts a dark chapter The court ordered the former leader go straight to prison , revoking his house arrest . A conclusion of the trial seemed in doubt in the past weeks , as the defense filed multiple challenges in several courts . At one point , one judge annulled the testimony in the trial before it got back on track . "  It 's historic for this country , " Guatemalan political analyst Martin Rodriguez told CNN en Espaol . "  Surprising , because many of us remain incredulous that Guatemala 's judicial system could handle a trial of this magnitude . " The landmark criminal trial could open the doors for future charges against military officials accused of atrocities during Guatemala 's 36-year civil war . The war did not end until 1996 , leaving more than 200,000 people dead and 1 million as refugees . There will almost certainly be an appeal to Friday 's verdict , Rodriguez said . Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina , who has said that there was no genocide during the civil war , reiterated his position following the verdict . "  Today 's ruling is not set in stone , " Perez Molina told CNN en Espaol , referring to the expected appeals . His view on genocide is personal , and his government will respect the outcome of the legal system , he said . Perez Molina 's view has an added importance because during the Rios Montt trial , one former soldier implicated him as having ordered attacks on villages during his time as a military commander . "  When I say that here in Guatemala there is no genocide , I say it from my experiences " as commander , he said , denying that there was a conflict of interest in his publicizing his opinion . The important thing to recognize in the verdict , Perez Molina said , is that the judicial system is working in ways it never has before . A trial and conviction of genocide for a former head of state "  was unthinkable just 10 years ago , " he said . While Rios Montt was in power , the military used the threat of leftist rebels as a guise to exterminate Ixil villages accused of harboring insurgents , prosecutors argued . Prosecutors said the campaign led to the genocide of more than 1,700 Ixil Mayans . Rios Montt did not speak in his defense until the last day of the trial , arguing that it was not he , but local commanders , who had control over their territories . "  I never authorized , I never signed , I never proposed , I never ordered these attacks against a people , ethnicity or religion , " Rios Montt said Thursday . The former dictator was not without his supporters , who claim there was no genocide , but a high cost during a bloody civil war . Human rights groups hailed the verdict . "  With this conviction , Guatemala leads by example in a region where entrenched impunity for past crimes sadly remains the norm , " Sebastian Elgueta , Guatemala researcher at Amnesty International , said . "  Guatemala must now follow up on this historic moment by ensuring that all those who took part in the murder , torture , rape and disappearance of tens of thousands of people are brought to justice . " The verdict also has implications for the United States ' role in Guatemala during Rios Montt 's rule . When Rios Montt became president , human rights violations had already prompted the United States to cut off aid to the Guatemalan government . But a political scandal in the United States in the 1990s revealed that in fact the Central Intelligence Agency continued to provide money to Guatemalan military intelligence sources for years during the civil war . Now-declassified secret CIA cables indicate the United States had knowledge of the atrocities being committed against the Ixil Mayans but did little about them . Then-U.S. President Ronald Reagan went as far as to say that Rios Montt was being given a "  bum rap " by critics . At the same time , the United States was backing other strongmen in Latin America against leftists . Responding to Friday 's verdict , the State Department noted the importance of a "  strong and transparent justice system as an essential component of democracy , " according to a statement from spokesman William Ostick . "  We see an opportunity for progress toward a true reconciliation in Guatemala , an essential step for the Guatemalan people to continue moving forward as everyone hopes , " Ostick said .	The U.S. notes the importance of a strong , transparent justice system Efrain Rios Montt was convicted of genocide and crimes against humanity He was sentenced to 80 years in prison ; his co-defendant was absolved Guatemalan president insists there was no genocide
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Whether you 're a fan of any sport , or even just a keen music follower -- you 've probably visited a major stadium . The ugliest stadiums in the world ? Have a look at our list and tell us what you think of the choices . Like all buildings with any form of public use , stadiums tend attract more than their fair share of criticism . It 's hard to visit a massive venue that has possibly seen millions of dollars of taxpayer money poured into it , without forming an opinion . While usability , safety , comfort for players and fans , and the ability to generate a steady income are probably the most important factors for modern-day stadiums , there is one other aspect that is sometimes forgotten : how they look . We have scanned the world for some of the ugliest stadiums in the world , and we 've drawn up a first XI of the less attractive venues . The stadiums come from all corners of the globe and have been built under all types of budgets . Some of these structures may have been referred to by others as "  ugly " , they may be facing the threat of being torn down , or we may have just decided that they are n't so easy on the eye . See a photo gallery of ugliest stadiums in the world " Some examples that made it into the list include the King Fahd Stadium in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , which was built in 1987 and lays claim to having the biggest stadium roof in the world . But sadly does not boast the most attractive structure . The choice of Wembley Stadium in London , England , may be a controversial one , however , it was named in a list of Britain 's ugliest buildings by Britain 's The Times newspaper as "  a bloated middle-aged office block with a pitch attached . " Do you agree with our list ? Are there ugly stadiums we have missed ? Tell us in the sound off box below .	CNN has compiled a list of the world 's ugliest stadiums The stadiums come from all parts of the world -- from Britain to Bangkok Share your thoughts on the choices and tell us if there are any we have missed
Silverstone , England  CNN  -- Formula One prides itself as the pinnacle of technical innovation and sports cars of the imagination -- but sometimes the sport needs bringing back down to earth . So on Wednesday Pirelli showed F1 a possible back to basics vision of the future as it debuted a new 18-inch tire -- a size fitted to many everyday road cars -- on the final day of the Silverstone in-season test . The concept tire is five inches taller than the sport 's current 13 " wheel and has a lower profile -- which means it 's comprised of a larger wheel rim and less rubber . Lotus test driver Charles Pic trialled the new rubber at the high speed Silverstone circuit , the stage for Lewis Hamilton 's British Grand Prix victory on Sunday . A former Marussia and Caterham racer , Pic set a lap time of one minute , 44.728 seconds on the new tire -- nearly 10 seconds off the fastest lap set on 2014 rubber . "  We were n't looking for performance , " Pirelli motorsport director Paul Hembery told reporters . "  The priority today was to show people what a Formula 1 car would look like with a change in rim . "  From what I 've seen and heard people seem to quite like the idea . Most people said it looked quite modern -- it did n't look strange . " Pirelli could roll out the new tires as early as 2016 . Producing F1 tires , which are the same specification as road car tires , would make it easier to share technology , as well as to reap the commercial benefits of being able to sell its customers replica F1 rubber . "  We do n't actually make any 13 " tires apart from for F1 and the GP2 and GP3 Series , " explained Hembery . "  The tire today looks more like the product we sell on a regular basis . "  Our business is focused on large wheel diameters and 18 " is almost standard for us , it 's the sort of thing you get on a sporty road car . "  Others might say there 's less advertising space so there is a strange conundrum . "  Our high end business is in wheels around 20 " -- so that 's the other discussion to have , should we be really going for a much bigger wheel ? Maybe F1 needs to do something more dramatic . " Assessing the tires after running on them for just 14 laps , Pic said : "  The overall grip was very low and  the car  was five or six seconds off the pace , mainly for the reason that all the aerodynamics and the rest of the car are made for the tire we are running now and not the 18 " . "  I think in the philosophy it will be a type of tire that will react quickly , so the reaction you get in the steering wheel is more nervous and each time you get a snap it 's quicker . "  If we go one day to this type of tire it will be a big challenge first for the team because they will have to build a completely new car around it and it will also be a challenge for the driver . " Asked by CNN if he liked the aesthetics of the tire he said : "  Honestly , I thought they were a bit too big but maybe it was because it was the first time seeing them on the car ! " Pirelli took over from Bridgestone as F1 's official tire supplier in 2011 but a series of dangerous blowouts in 2013 left it reeling . After making substantial changes to its rubber , Pirelli 's contract was renewed until the end of the 2016 season . A switch to a more standard 18 " wheel might be an incentive for other tire manufacturers , such as Michelin , to consider a return to the sport . But any tire change will have to be agreed by the sport 's governing body , the FIA , its commercial rights holder Formula One Management and the teams . The taller tires -- which are almost as high as the sidepods of the Lotus chassis -- will affect the aerodynamic flow , weight and suspension of the cars . "  We know what 18 " will mean -- it 's a bigger challenge , " Hembery continued . "  There will be variations in pressure , there will be sensitivity on the car 's camber and in F1 you go over the curbs a lot more so you do have an integrity challenge . "  Today is a first step and it 's in the hands of the sport to decide what they want to do . " After a major rule change , focused on new engine technology , for the 2014 season , the teams might be reluctant to embrace change again . As one team official whispered in the Silverstone pit lane during Wednesday 's test : "  Change is fear . " Hembery countered : "  Change is expensive , change is challenging and I 'm sure the team engineers will be scratching their heads going ` no , no , no . ' "  But others will be thinking maybe it is one of the aspects that needs to change in F1 to bring a different look and feel to the sport . " The FIA might look more favorably on a tire development that would bring the sport closer to road car technology . This season 's new engine regulations were partly designed to align F1 with the "  greener " hybrid technology now seen as essential to the future of road cars . The future of the multimillion dollar sport -- which now only has Mercedes and Ferrari as the two major car manufacturers running teams -- also relies on its road car relevance for its long term survival . Could a change of tires be another step towards securing its future ? It 's all about the tires : Pirelli plan on hold Pirelli comes out fighting over Formula One tire chaos Mercedes and Pirelli face sanctions over F1 tire test	Pirelli debuts 18-inch wheel as the sport tries to stay in touch with road car reality A switch to a more standard 18 " wheel will be an incentive for other tire manufacturers The taller tires will affect the aerodynamic flow , weight and suspension of the cars
Why play one sport when you can play two at the same time ? That was the question a number of like-minded individuals were asking themselves , circa 2006 . And it is thanks to the vision of these select few that the sport of FootGolf -- a game , unsurprisingly , combining elements of football and golf -- was born and has been spreading its way around the globe ever since . One of those men was Mike O'Connor , who today combines the roles of president of the Federation for International FootGolf  FIFG  and president of UK FootGolf . "  I just knew FootGolf would be a bit of a no-brainer for the amount of golf courses there are , as well as the number of golfers and footballers , " O'Connor told CNN of a game that involves players kicking a football around a golf course , complete with bigger holes . "  I always thought it would take off . So it was just a question of waiting for the right time to get involved with it all really . " After years in production , O'Connor would bring the sport to the UK -- where there are now over 10,000 active players -- and set up UK FootGolf in 2012 . Yet it is a Dutchman called Michael Jansen who is credited with the title of founding father of the game . "  He created what we do today , " O'Connor said . "  He created everything , from how the game is played , down to the look of the players . Everything . " Kicking around a new idea Jansen , now an FIFG ambassador , held the first FootGolf competition in the Netherlands in 2008 , after hearing of a unique idea from friend and former professional footballer Willem Korsten . Korsten had played an early interpretation of the game during his days at Tottenham Hotspur , when he and his teammates would attempt to kick a football from the training pitch back to the changing rooms in as little time as possible . The mere invention of FootGolf seems to be a natural progression , given that football and golf have long shared a close relationship . Footballers are well known for playing golf in their spare time , so perhaps it is no surprise that FootGolf has proved such a hit with those hailing from a footballing background -- 70 % of people who have taken up the sport have been footballers . While there is obviously the relaxing aspect of walking around a golf course on a sunny day , former English Premier League player Bryan Hughes also feels that the sport represents another opportunity for footballers to flex their competitive muscles . "  There is that challenge when playing golf . As sportsmen , we 've all got that in our lockers . We want to challenge each other , we want to challenge ourselves and obviously be the best . That 's why footballers turn to golf , " he told CNN . "  It can be a challenge if you want , but I think it 's good that you can actually have it as a casual game as well . Some footballers play golf but do it as a hobby , to relax and wind down , and escape from the pressures of a football match on a Saturday . " But while golf is in good health when it comes to attracting footballers , the sport has lost players in recent years -- According to a report in The New York Times , a recent survey by the U.S. National Golf Foundation estimated the game has lost five million in the last decade , with 20 % of the existing 25 million golfers likely to quit in the next few years . Many feel the game takes too long to play , is too difficult to learn and has too many complicated rules , which has led to a number of new alternatives being introduced to help boost a sport in decline . Such concerns have led to the introduction on golf courses of 15 inch-wide holes -- about four times the width of a standard hole -- a relaxation in the game 's rules , and of course , FootGolf . Gaining a worldwide foothold Since Jansen 's inaugural competition -- open to a mix of Dutch and Belgian professional footballers -- the sport has gone from strength to strength . Three countries formed the FIFG in June 2012 for the first ever World Cup in Budapest , Hungary , while today the world governing body boasts 22 different member nations , ranging from South Africa to Argentina . "  A lot of people are getting involved and loving the sport . It 's definitely the fun element that attracts people to it , " O'Connor said . "  It catches such a large demographic because it 's such a low skill level to be able to play . You 've just got to be able to kick a ball . " And it is the sport 's ability to appeal to all that means a FootGolf course somewhere has likely played host to either a family visit , a first date , a corporate business trip or even , as was the case in the UK , an 81-year-old grandmother 's day out with her grandson . But while there is little doubting the game 's capacity to attract members from most walks of life , O'Connor feels luring newcomers at a young age is truly pivotal to FootGolf 's future and its capability to grow as a sport . "  When I first set up FootGolf I knew a lot of people would want to play the sport , and I knew I would n't be alone in liking the idea of playing football on a golf course , " he said . "  But I was always conscious of the next level . "  I knew it would take off with adults , but we started looking at how the sport could continue to grow and grow . And if you get the youngsters involved you 're going to still be going in 10 , 20 , 30 years ' time , and you 'll be continuing to build , develop and progress . " Much to O'Connor 's surprise , since its introduction , the sport seems to have struck a particular chord with junior football coaches . There has been an overwhelming response from these coaches , who have contacted UK FootGolf to explain that the game is the perfect way to help youngsters focus on their passing and shooting . So much so , that the governing body has taken the steps to set up its very own UK FootGolf Academy Scheme , due to start for business in May , and headed up by Hughes , who previously played for Birmingham City , Charlton Athletic and Hull City and is now a player-assistant manager at Scarborough Athletic . The scheme is currently being worked on with UK-based 1st4sport -- who develop training qualifications for the likes of the English Football Association and the English Rugby Football Union -- and will range from including holiday camps for kids to qualification courses for future coaches . Hughes will take on the role of academy director , and like O'Connor , he feels the scheme can help to push the boundaries of FootGolf even further . "  The concept of FootGolf is something that really appeals to me and I 'm sure there is a massive amount of people that would really want to get involved with the Academy Scheme . The potential there is huge and it is something that I 'm really looking forward to , " Hughes said . "  I do n't think a lot of kids get the right sort of education when it comes to sport , I think they just want to kick the ball against a wall nowadays . They need direction and for somebody to really push them a little , to get them right up there and become the best they really can be . The scheme will give you that platform . " As well as furthering the profile of the sport , the Academy Scheme will be hoping to produce some of the FootGolfers of tomorrow . A tour de force The FIGC currently stages a European Tour , with each of its different 22 member nations holding their own tournament throughout the year . Some of the world 's finest players go from competition to competition looking to accumulate points , before a European champion is eventually crowned at the final stage in Portugal in November . "  Players travel from country to country because they love FootGolf and they love trying different courses , " O'Connor said . "  There 's quite a small , but cult , following of people that do this . They all want to get ranked and be known as a good FootGolfer , not just in their own country but around the world . " There are also a number of domestic tournaments taking place each year on various courses across the globe . The U.S. currently leads the way when it comes to different courses with 90 , while the UK , now boasting 30 , has made impressive progress to move up to second , given it had just two at the beginning of 2013 . With FootGolf continuing to make huge strides both at home and abroad , O'Connor has high hopes for the sport and feels the sky is most certainly the limit . "  In five years ' time , every country in the world that has got golf courses will be a member of the Federation for International FootGolf , " O'Connor said . "  With the amount of inquiries we are getting from all over the place , I have no doubt about that . "  We 've got somebody in Togo asking us about joining the FIFG . They 've only got one golf course in Togo , and they 're talking about putting FootGolf on it ! That 's how big an impact the sport is having around the world . " Read more : A golf club with more eagles than most	FootGolf is played in a number of countries around the world The Federation for International FootGolf boasts 22 member nations UK FootGolf set to introduce its own UK FootGolf Academy Scheme
CNN  -- A Palestinian diplomat and his wife were injured in an explosion Wednesday inside their house in the northern Prague neighborhood of Suchdol , officials said . Police identified the victims as Jamal al Jamal , 57 , and his 52-year-old wife . Al Jamal was taken to Prague Military Hospital , where he was in an induced coma with serious injuries , said Jirina Ernestova , a spokeswoman for Prague Emergency Services . His wife was taken to Motol Hospital after inhaling smoke and suffering from shock , Ernestova said . The couple 's son , who was also in the house , was not hurt , police said .	Police identified the victims as Jamal al Jamal , 57 , and his 52-year-old wife Al Jamal was taken to a hospital , where he was in an induced coma with serious injuries His wife was taken to a hospital after inhaling smoke and suffering from shock
CNN  Eleven people were rescued on Thursday after their towing vessel -- carrying 75,000 gallons of diesel fuel -- sank off the coast of Oahu , according to Honolulu Coast Guard . "  Mayday , mayday , mayday . " A radio recording released by the Coast Guard established the moment an officer sent a distress call to the base . "  Approximately two and half miles west of Barbers Point Harbor , " the officer said , "  vessel appears to have started to sink . " The mayday call came after the pilot of the towing vessel Nalani called the Coast Guard at 3:13 p.m. HST to report their ship was flooding and could sink . Two ships where in the vicinity and heard the distress call : the towing vessel Tiger 7 and a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration patrol boat . Both helped rescue the stranded crew members and as a result no injuries were reported , according to the Coast Guard . The Nalani , a 95-foot towing vessel , carried 75,000 gallons of diesel fuel . The vessel sank in about 2,200 feet of water . "  A flight went up prior to sunset and observed a very light oil sheen approximately three miles long by 100 yards wide , " said Coast Guard spokesman Darin McCracken . "  There is a very small trace amount of rainbow sheet . Most of it concentrated around the position of the vessel , " he said . The next assessment flight is scheduled for Friday morning . The cause of the sinking remains under investigation and it is probable the vessel will not be recovered , said McCracken . He said the fuel "  most likely will naturally dissipate " but the full environmental impact has yet to be determined .	Eleven people were rescued after their vessel sank Vessel carried 75,000 gallons of diesel fuel Coast Guard released mayday call for sinking vessel
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A tunnel from Gaza into Israel was discovered by the Israeli military last week , the Israel Defense Forces said Sunday . In response , Israel said it was halting supplies for concrete and construction materials going into Gaza . The tunnel is roughly 18 meters  59 feet  underground and stretches for some 1.7 kilometers  1.06 miles  . In video that Israel 's Channel 10 aired , the tunnel appeared to be wired for electricity and was high enough for a man to stand , walk or run though . An Israeli reporter who was inside the tunnel reported seeing markings and dates indicating the tunnel had been completed in July . The Israeli military said the most likely use for such a tunnel would be to kidnap soldiers or civilians and take them back into Gaza to trade for Palestinian prisoners . A similar tunnel was used to kidnap soldier Gilad Shalit in June 2006 . His capture ended five years later after Israel released more than a thousand Palestinian prisoners . The new tunnel increases concerns on the Israeli side for its sheer size and sophistication . It is the third such tunnel found along the Gaza-Israel security fence in the past year , according to the military . "  The IDF operates under the notion that there are additional tunnels jeopardizing civilians and security personnel in the area , " Brig. Gen. Mickey Edelstein , commander of the Gaza division , said in a statement . Gaza group claims responsibility for car bomb in Egypt Frum : Real lesson of Yom Kippur War ? Israel 's survival 10 things to know before visiting Israel , the West Bank and Gaza	The tunnel is nearly 60 feet underground and more than a mile long It is the third such tunnel found in the past year , IDF says
ISIS fighters stood Saturday on the verge of taking not just a key Syrian town along the Turkish border , but also an entire province on Baghdad 's doorstep -- spurring leaders of that province to urgently plead for U.S. ground troops to halt the Islamist extremist group 's rapid , relentless assault . The situation in Anbar , just to the west of Baghdad , is "  very bad , " said Sabah Al-Karhout , the president of Anbar Provincial Council . ISIS , the self-proclaimed "  Islamic State " which also is referred to as ISIL , controls about 80 % of the province . Reports Saturday suggest they have encircled Haditha , the last large town in Anbar province not yet in the militants ' hands . Should all of Anbar fall , the Sunni extremists would rule from the perimeter of Iraq 's capital to Raqqa in Syria  at least  , according to the provincial council 's deputy head , Falleh al-Issawi . To stave off Anbar 's collapse , provincial leaders have asked Iraq 's central government to intervene immediately and for U.S. ground forces to be deployed there , said al-Issawi . Iraqi army forces and Anbar tribesmen fighting alongside them have threatened to abandon their weapons if the U.S. military does not intervene to help them , he said , because they are faltering before the ISIS onslaught . The army soldiers are not capable of defending themselves against ISIS because of a lack of training and equipment , he said . Already , some 1,800 tribesmen in the province have been killed or injured in the struggle . The Iraqi government has been adamant that it does not want U.S. forces on the ground , and President Barack Obama has not shown any intent to deploy any . The Iraqi government said it has not received any official request from Anbar province for U.S. military intervention and ground forces to help in the fight against ISIS , Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi 's media office said Saturday . "  If we receive any request , we will look into it and we will give our recommendation , but thus far we have not received any request , " the office said . A U.S. defense official said Saturday that Iraq 's government has n't asked for any more American troops beyond those already in Iraq . And if they did , the official added , "  The U.S. will not deploy combat ground forces to Iraq . And we remain focused on enabling the  Iraqi military  in the fight against ISIL through our advise/assist efforts and the air campaign . " U.S. defense secretary : Iraqi forces in ` full control ' of Baghdad The air campaign this official referred to resumed Saturday . A coalition airstrike killed more than 30 suspected ISIS militants who were part of an armed convoy heading toward the Ein al-Assad military base west of Ramadi , said town police Capt. Bahjat al-Hamdani . Such airstrikes have been going on since August , a stretch in which ISIS has expanded its reach . In Iraq , the group appears to be targeting cities along the Euphrates River . Al-Karhout said his provincial council has intelligence that ISIS has dispatched as many as 10,000 fighters to Anbar from Syria and Mosul in northern Iraq . U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel acknowledged the dire situation Friday , telling reporters , "  Anbar province is in trouble . We know that . " A senior U.S. defense official also told CNN that Iraqi forces are "  up against the wall " in Anbar . Some units are in danger of being cut off by the advancing militants , who say they are members of ISIS . The Iraqis ' ultimate goal is to take back some of the vast areas , in both Iraq and Syria , that ISIS controls . But right now , Iraqi forces appear to be mostly trying to survive , taking defensive positions and using Apache helicopters again , even after two were shot down in the area this week , according to the U.S. official . But officals said Baghdad is not likely to be the next domino to fall . A U.S. Central Command official said Saturday there are "  pockets " of the militant group 's fighters around the capital , but "  no imminent threat of an effective ISIL offensive . " Hagel said Saturday , while addressing reporters in Chile : "  Iraqi security forces are in full control of Baghdad . " Still , the equation could change if ISIS threatens Baghdad airport , from which U.S. Apache helicopters operate . Retired U.S. Air Force Lt. Col. Rick Francona , a CNN military analyst , said : "  I think at some point , there 's going to be the need for an additional ground force in western Iraq . " Those troops could be American or could be provided by other coalition nations , he said , but the Iraqi army , even after coalition airstrikes , has not been able to blunt the momentum of ISIS . "  The Iraqi army has virtually evaporated . The command structure does n't exist . Although they have some good soldiers , they have no leadership . So , additional ground forces are going to be necessary . " Warning of massacre in Syrian border city of Kobani In addition to its threats in Iraq , ISIS is a major and still advancing force in Syria , where it emerged during the years-long civil war there . Its current focus there is Kobani , a Kurdish enclave a stone 's throw from Turkey . Its fighters controlled about half that city on Friday , significantly more than even a day earlier , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported . The Kurdish forces battling them early Saturday repelled an attack on Freedom Square in downtown , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported . The London-based monitoring group said Kurdish fighters killed 16 ISIS fighters after targeting the bus they were riding in , which was packed with explosives and ammunition . The Kurds killed another seven militants in another bus southwest of Kobani , the group said . Also Saturday , U.S. and allied warplanes hit a command and control facility , a staging building , a fighting position and two small units north of Kobani as well as three ISIS trucks south of it , according to U.S. Central Command . "  We are doing what we can do through our airstrikes to help drive back ISIL , " Hagel said . "  In fact , there has been some progress in that area . But it is a very difficult problem . " An anti-ISIS fighter told CNN by phone Saturday that he and others defending the besieged city , also known as Ayn al-Arab , are in desperate straits . Kurdish fighters from the People 's Protection Units , or YPG , and Free Syrian Army troops are vastly outnumbered and lack firepower , he said . The fighter estimated ISIS forces are between 700 meters and 1 kilometer from the Mursitpinar border crossing ; should they take it , the militants would control three official border crossings between Turkey and Syria and a 100-kilometer border stretch . "  We can not stop the ISIS advance from the east because they have artillery , many fighters and a good supply of ammunition , " he said , adding that YPG and FSA fighters are worried because they are close to being encircled by ISIS forces . Inside Kobani , a civilian told CNN that things are worse than ever ; the people are forced to endure mortar fire and fears of being beheaded should ISIS take over . The U.N. Special Envoy for Syria , Staffan de Mistura , said such brutality may become a reality , warning that "  the 12,000 civilians ... will be most likely massacred . " He added : "  We know -- we have seen it -- what ISIS is capable of doing when they take over a city ... with women , children , minorities and hostages . " Oil and crime make ISIS rich	U.S. defense secretary Chuck Hagel : Iraqi forces are in "  full control " of Baghdad There 's been "  some progress " driving back ISIS from Syria 's Kobani , Hagel adds Officials : "  Very bad " now in Anbar province near Baghdad , call for U.S. military 's help U.S. official : U.S. has n't gotten a request for ground troops , would n't grant it anyway
CNN  Two white specks appearing next to Pluto in the blackness of space may look like faint blips on a screen . Do n't be fooled . The fuzzy images of moons that NASA New Horizons spacecraft are sending back to Earth are a slim crack in a door opening on a vast territory humankind has not seen clearly before . And the door will slowly swing open week by week . Traveling at 1,000,000 miles per day , one of the fastest space vehicles ever made is extending human sight to Pluto and beyond to spy out details the Hubble Space Telescope has n't been able to see . Even at that speed , it took more than nine years to get this close . New Horizons launched in January 2006 . The snaps published this week of Nix and Hydra -- as moons go , both runts the size of large asteroids -- are only a prelude . Starting in April , for the first time ever , we will begin raising the curtain on Pluto 's surface in ever increasing detail . Expect surprises . NASA has likened it to the myths dispelled , when the Mariner 4 spacecraft sent back first images of the surface of Mars in 1965 . Until then , many scientists thought they 'd see water and vegetation on our neighbor . Mariner 4 hit them instead with a vast rocky desert . New Horizons , built and operated by Johns Hopkins University , will make its closest pass in July . Eye popping images will come . The on-board camera is powerful enough to recognize objects the size of buildings on Pluto 's surface . What we will see is such a mystery that NASA does n't speculate much on it . Perhaps the surface will have ice geysers . New Horizons took images of similar spouts as it passed by Jupiter . Maybe Pluto has rings like Saturn , Uranus and Neptune . Multiple other instruments will inspect Pluto 's atmosphere . By approaching Pluto , which NASA classifies as a dwarf planet , New Horizons will also reach a new region of our solar system , which astronomers divide into classes of planet make-up . Earth and its neighbors are rocky , earthy planets . Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune are gas planets . Pluto and its partner Charon , called by some its moon , are covered in ice . But there 's more . Pluto is part of the Kuiper Belt , a collection of rough celestial bodies that orbit around the sun like the asteroid belt , but it 's interminably larger . If the asteroid belt were a thread , the Kuiper Belt would be a strap . It is known for producing comets , such as Halley 's Comet , which orbits the sun about every 75 years . New Horizon could get quiet after passing Pluto , but if NASA approves , in two years , the spacecraft will go to an additional object or two in that belt .	New Horizons satellite sends images of two of Pluto 's moons back to Earth As it approaches Pluto , it 's camera will capture unprecedented images of its surface Pluto is in the Kuiper Belt ; the spacecraft may visit other objects there
CNN  -- On Tuesday , Taylor Swift became a card-carrying member of the short hair club . The 24-year-old "  Red " singer shared a photo of her new shoulder-length ` do on Instagram , along with a video of all the people who were watching the big chop in action . Since Swift 's had her trademark long curls since she debuted , we 're not surprised that as many witnesses as possible wanted to see the cut in action . "  We do n't do anything without an audience , do we ? " Swift can be heard joking in the clip .  Fans have watched and rewatched the brief segment to see if they can spot any famous faces in the crowd . We 'll let you decide which of Swift 's rumored former flames appears to be present . Swift was in London performing on Tuesday as part of her "  Red " tour , and the set included an appearance from Ellie Goulding . "  London , I could never thank you enough , " Swift captioned a photo with the British singer . "  See you next time ! PS : short hair , do n't care .  !!!  "	Taylor Swift cut off her trademark long hair on Tuesday The singer shared a video of the hair-cutting soiree She was in London as part of her "  Red " tour
London  CNN  -- Recordings until recently locked inside a college library in the United States might help solve a decades-old murder mystery , but the release of those tapes threatens to damage the fragile peace in Northern Ireland . The investigation into the December 1972 abduction and killing of widow Jean McConville in Belfast was revived by authorities after the release of interviews made by Boston College as part of the Belfast Project . The interviews conducted with former Northern Irish paramilitary fighters provide an oral history of the decades of fighting . Participants in the project were told their recorded interviews would be kept secret until their deaths . Last year a U.S. court ruled that tapes of deceased interviewees that contained claims about the killing be given by Boston College to police in Northern Ireland . One of those featured in the tapes was Brendan Hughes , a now-deceased former commander of the Irish Republican Army  IRA  , a Catholic paramilitary group , who accused Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams of involvement , an allegation he denies . On Wednesday , after recordings made by deceased members of the IRA were passed to police , officers arrested Adams in connection with the killing -- though he has not been charged with an offense . McConville , a mother of 10 children , was taken from her home in Belfast . She was reportedly killed by the IRA because the group believed she was a spy for the British army . Her family say they do not believe she passed information to the British . McConville 's remains were found partially buried on a beach in County Louth in 2003 . She died of a single gunshot wound to the back of the head . "  They came about tea time and they dragged her out of the bathroom and dragged her out , " remembers McConville 's daughter , Helen McKendry , who was then a teenager . In the tapes , Hughes told his interviewer about McConville : "  I knew she was being executed . I knew that . I did n't know she was going to be buried or disappeared as they call them now . " Adams denies any involvement in the killing . "  I believe that the killing of Jean McConville and the secret burial of her body was wrong and a grievous injustice , " Adams , 65 , said in a statement posted on his party website . "  Malicious allegations have been made against me . I reject these . "  While I have never disassociated myself from the IRA and I never will , I am innocent in the abduction , killing or burial of Mrs. McConville , " Adams said . Long associated with the IRA , once considered the armed wing of Sinn Fein , Adams is a prominent Catholic politician who helped broker peace in Northern Ireland . Today , Sinn Fein is Ireland 's second-largest opposition party . Martin McGuinness , a Sinn Fein member and the Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland , told reporters in Belfast that the arrest was unnecessary , unjustified and politically motivated . He said he had seen the "  dark side " of Northern Ireland policing "  flex its muscles in the course of the past couple of days " and that the arrest was a " ` deliberate attempt to influence the elections that are due to take place in three weeks ' time . " McGuinness said he was confident that Adams would be able to rejoin election campaigning shortly and would "  continue to lead our party in a very positive way . " Northern Ireland is part of the United Kingdom , and Protestant loyalists wanted to keep it that way . Catholic nationalists were fighting to force the British out and reunite the north with the rest of Ireland . Known as the Troubles , the conflict lasted 30 years , ending in 1998 with the Good Friday Agreement that brokered peace . The agreement provided a political framework for power-sharing among the parties . Reminders of Irish ` troubles ' rise to surface The IRA admitted in 1999 to killing a number of people who have become known as "  The Disappeared " -- those who vanished during the Troubles . Police investigating these killings say they were alerted to the secret archive of interviews by the book , "  Voices from the Grave , " written by Belfast Project archive manager Ed Moloney , which is based on transcripts from two of the recorded interviews . Hughes said in his taped interview that McConville was killed because the IRA believed she was working with the British Army . The McKendrys dismiss this claim though , saying she was too busy looking after her 10 children to be an informer . The Northern Irish police vow to "  follow the material in the Boston Archives all way to court if that 's where it takes them ... they say detectives have a legal responsibility to investigate murders ... and follow all lines of inquiry . " The British government 's then most senior politician on Northern Ireland , Owen Paterson told CNN in 2012 that no one person was above the law . "  We have to support the police to have complete operational independence in pursuing every line of inquiry in bringing those who committed crimes to justice , " Paterson said . It remains to be seen if Adams will charged in a court of law . Former IRA man Richard O'Rawe recorded a statement for the Boston College archives and said lawyers had told him under UK law tapes of interviewees could never be used in court . "  I find it just imponderable , why the police are going down this road when they must know that there is no chance of obtaining any convictions at the end of this , " O'Rawe said in 2012 . Like many other Catholics , O'Rawe said he believed the police are biased against them , trying to settle old scores and bring Adams and others down . But for Helen McKendry , herself a Catholic , getting access to the tapes is about much more . For her , it 's not only about justice but a release from the pain of never knowing the truth . "  They tried to destroy what life I have now , " she said . "  They are the people who committed the crimes in this . They should be worried . " Gerry Adams ' arrest praised by murder victim 's family	Recordings inside a U.S. college library might help solve an old murder mystery But the release of those tapes threatens to damage the fragile peace in Northern Ireland Known as the Troubles , the conflict lasted 30 years , and ended in 1998 The IRA admitted in 1999 to killing a number of people who have become known as "  The Disappeared "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The head of Blackwater USA on Sunday rejected a mounting series of reports suggesting the private contractor 's security guards opened fire on innocent Iraqi civilians last month . Blackwater CEO Erik Prince said Sunday that guards "  definitely " faced insurgent fire September 16 . "  There was definitely incoming small arms fire from insurgents " in the September 16 incident in Baghdad , founder and CEO Erik Prince told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on "  Late Edition . " There was no "  deliberate violence , " committed by Blackwater employees , he added . Still , when asked whether it is possible someone with Blackwater "  screwed up " in the incident , Prince replied , "  Certainly it 's possible . " He said he expects the FBI investigation to provide many answers . Meanwhile , U.S. and Iraqi officials continue discussing Baghdad 's demand that Blackwater be expelled from Iraq within six months , The Associated Press reported Sunday . American officials are also coming up with ways to fill the security gap if Blackwater is forced to leave , AP reported . Blackwater guards , protecting U.S. officials in Iraq , face dangerous circumstances every day and have navigated the vast majority of those situations without any violence , Prince told CNN . The guards just try to do their jobs , and are "  not trying to make any trouble , " he said . The Iraqi government accuses Blackwater guards of opening fire without provocation on civilians in a crowded area in Baghdad on September 16 , killing 17 and wounding 27 . Survivors told FBI investigators Blackwater guards shot at civilians presenting no threat . Watch a Blackwater witness describe his account " The first U.S. soldiers to arrive on the scene after the incident told military investigators they found no evidence contractors were fired upon , a source familiar with a preliminary U.S. military report told CNN . The soldiers found evidence suggesting the guards fired on cars attempting to leave and found weapon casings on the scene matching only those used by U.S. military and contractors , the military source said . But Prince on Sunday told CNN , "  In the incident reports I 've seen , at least three of our armored vehicles were hit by small arms fire , incoming , and one of them damaged , which actually delayed their departure from the traffic circle while they tried to rig a tow . "  So there was definitely incoming small-arms fire from insurgents . " He added , "  I guarantee our guys were n't shooting at each other . " And he said the traffic circle is very big , so those first soldiers on the scene would have needed "  almost a battalion to secure that entire area , to do a thorough crime scene type investigation . " "  So the jury is still out . We 'll see what the FBI report comes up with , but I 'm confident that the kind of people we have out there are proven military professionals , " Prince said . Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh accused Blackwater of "  a deliberate crime against civilians , " and said the company "  should be tried in court , and the victims should be compensated . " A Philadelphia law firm has filed suit in federal court against Blackwater on behalf of the families of three Iraqis killed and one wounded in the in the incident , which occurred in and around Baghdad 's Nusoor Square . The suit claims Blackwater "  created and fostered a culture of lawlessness amongst its employees , encouraging them to act in the company 's financial interests at the expense of innocent human life . " Prince called the lawsuit "  politically motivated " for "  media attention , " and rejected the depictions of his company . "  In Baghdad , the most dangerous city in the world , to say that it was a callous , rampant , evil action , you know , when the guys get it right 99 out of 100 times and do n't have to use any force or any violence at all , I think they are doing very well , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Erik Prince : "  There was definitely incoming small arms fire from insurgents " There was "  no deliberate violence , " he said , during September 16 shooting Iraqi government says Blackwater guards killed 17 , fired without provocation AP : Blackwater may be expelled from Iraq within six months
CNN  -- Ten years ago , stock car racing 's last great roughneck hit the wall and the wall won . Dale Earnhardt would not grow old and slow , clogging up life 's left lane . He would not gracefully slide into a senior citizenship of driving to the Wal-Mart in a Grand Marquis with plastic flowers waving from the antenna . He would die a legend 's death at the age of 49 , on the last turn of the last lap of the greatest race his kind knows . He died running , as he used to put it , WFO -- Wide  Bleeping  Open . In third place of the 2001 Daytona 500 , shielding the two cars ahead of him -- both owned by him , and one driven by his namesake son -- Earnhardt yielded not an inch of asphalt . Sterling Marlin bumped him ever so slightly from the rear , and in the ensuing chain reaction of bumper cars at 160 mph , Earnhardt 's famous black No. 3 Chevy was sent up the track and nose-first into the wall . The sport had seen a thousand worse-looking wrecks in which everyone walked away angry but unmarked . Something was bad wrong with this one , though . Witnesses knew it immediately after the driver was lifted from the wreckage and rushed to the hospital , when workers draped a tarp over Earnhardt 's car like cops covering a body at a crime scene . Two hours later , NASCAR President Mike Helton faced the world and announced , "  We 've lost Dale Earnhardt . " At the 10-year mark of the death of a seven-time Sprint Cup  formerly Winston Cup  champion , there will be many tributes laid at the feet of Earnhardt 's memory . Some will come from the television booth on February 20 at the next running of the Daytona 500 . NASCAR 's tribute to Earnhardt "  Dale Earnhardt was to NASCAR what Elvis Presley was to rock-and-roll , " said Larry McReynolds , Earnhardt 's crew chief when he won his only Daytona 500 in 1998 , and currently a racing broadcaster with Fox . "  When Elvis passed , rock-and-roll did n't stop , but it was different . After Dale died , racing did n't stop . We trudged on to Rockingham five days later . But it was different . It 's still different today . " This morbid anniversary also is a milepost at which to slow for just a moment and consider how Earnhardt 's sport has radically changed in the decade since his death . In doing that , those who came to racing with him may well find themselves missing Earnhardt all over again . One positive consequence : The sport is definitely safer . Earnhardt 's was the fourth death suffered on a NASCAR track in nine months . There have been no on-track deaths in NASCAR 's three major series in the 10 years since his death . Losing Earnhardt this way was to NASCAR what losing Michael Jordan to a heart attack in mid-dunk would have been to the NBA . The soul-search that followed the death of racing 's biggest star resulted in extensive revisions in NASCAR 's safety practices . Mandatory now is a head and neck restraint system that might have saved Earnhardt from his fatal basilar skull fracture . And the pace quickened on installing so-called "  soft wall " technology at tracks , barriers that absorb more of the force of a collision . Over that same period , NASCAR has seen its popularity seemingly peak . Once the hottest growth property on the sporting landscape , it has faced a steady erosion in television ratings and track attendance . In the four years since NASCAR signed a multibillion-dollar media deal , average race viewership has fallen from 7.85 million at its height to 5.99 million last year , according to the Sports Business Journal . In a time of tight money , there were more gaps apparent in the circuit 's grandstands in 2010 . The attendance still can be huge , and television viewership is surpassed only by the NFL , but the drops are noticeable . With 140,000 at last year 's Brickyard 400 , that throng still was roughly half that of the 2007 race . No one has pinned the slump on Earnhardt 's death . Rather , that tragedy is coincidental to a general loss of connection between the old-school , rank-and-file fan and a sport that had seemed to homogenize both its cars and its drivers . What died February 18 , 2001 , was an important bit of racing 's soul . "  Dale Earnhardt 's story is really the story of so many of the great drivers in NASCAR history , someone who came up really tough , " said Daniel Pierce , head of the history department at the University of North Carolina-Asheville and author of "  Real NASCAR : White Lightning , Red Clay and Big Bill France . " Earnhardt , the son of dirt track campaigner Ralph Earnhardt , was a ninth-grade dropout , divorced twice before he was 30 , a subsistence racer early in his career who took mill work and cleaned industrial boilers to keep himself fed . "  There were times , " Earnhardt once told an interviewer , "  we probably should have been on welfare . " He 'd become fabulously wealthy , a shrewd capitalist who , as McReynolds said , "  proved to drivers that it was a business , too . " He was the Bill Gates of personal branding . Still , many of those in the infield continued to see themselves in him . "  Here 's a guy who really lived a classic country music song , Pierce said . "  His whole persona early on was very rough around the edges . For a lot of people -- particularly the traditional NASCAR fans , the people who really grew up with it -- it was really something visceral with them . This was more than just a pastime ; it was a metaphor for life . And here 's someone who lived this very rough existence , who was on the fringes of society , who succeeded beyond anyone 's wildest dreams . " Earnhardt drove as if his next meal depended on being out front , even when it did n't . He was one hard-charging SOB , a signature moment coming in 1999 when he spun-out Terry Labonte on the final lap to win at Bristol . "  I was n't trying to wreck him , I just wanted to rattle his cage , " The Intimidator said then in one of his classic utterances . Back when they both were racing , Darrell Waltrip once declared , "  With Earnhardt , every lap is a controlled crash . " The face of NASCAR used to have the sharp features of a bird of prey , possessing also this moustache-thatched smirk that told media he was not a man for idle chatter and warned other drivers not to get too comfortable when he put that big black car six inches off their rear quarterpanel . Now that face belongs to the impeccable Jimmie Johnson , no less driven to win , a Sprint Cup champion five years running , but as buttoned down as a Savile Row suit . Like a good many of his generation of drivers , Johnson came up on the sunnier side of the middle class , a kid who cut his teeth on speed by racing motorcycles in the California desert with the support of hard-working parents . Where Earnhardt would spar with media and NASCAR officials alike , Johnson 's public presence is seamless . He has done well for himself off the track as well , marrying a former Wilhelmina model six years ago . The couple had their first child last year . For those who would draw too stark a contrast between Johnson and Earnhardt , McReynolds cautions , "  Fans see  Johnson 's  beautiful wife , his beautiful child , the big motorcoach , the jet airplane . They do n't realize his mom drove a school bus and his dad worked on heavy machinery to take him motocross racing . "  We have to put it on our  the broadcasters '  shoulders to help bring back the personalities of who these drivers are . " Earnhardt 's was a two-sided mystique . His ability to polarize a grandstand is unmatched today . What is forgotten in the lionization that naturally follows death is the counter-Earnhardt culture that drove much of NASCAR 's passion . After Earnhardt 's death , fans paid homage to his No. 3 by standing and holding three fingers aloft on the third lap of every race . Pierce fondly recalls the first race he went to -- Bristol , 1994 -- and one particular nearby fan who rose every time Earnhardt drove past . And this man required only one finger to salute the driver . "  There were a number of fans who would pull for anybody who would beat Earnhardt , " McReynolds said . The history prof and race fan says there are a couple drivers who could fit the role of black hat in today 's weekly on-track dramas : Kyle Busch and Brad Keselowski , both known to get sideways with the spectators . Tony Stewart also can rouse some rabble . Still , there is no one who can fan the flames of partisanship like Earnhardt did . And Dale Jr. , well , he has yet to fill his father 's firesuit . His inherited popularity has not translated to great performance . The last of his 18 Sprint Cup victories came 93 races ago  2008  and he has missed the series ' season-ending chase for the championship the last two years . His father 's death "  is part of a process that NASCAR is really suffering from now , " Pierce said . "  They may have appealed to some new fans but I think those people 's commitment is very shallow . There are people the sport has lost who once felt racing was akin to religion . "  I 've been to  Kentucky 's  Rupp Arena , to  North Carolina 's  Carmichael Auditorium . I went to Alabama and have seen Alabama-Auburn football . I 've seen people passionate about their sports . But the thing that caught my eye when I first went to races was how that was even more characteristic of NASCAR . "  I do n't quite see that as much anymore . " They can hang luxury condos from the rim of the tracks . They can expand beyond racing 's motherland of the old South , introduce a new playoff-like format and even bring Toyota into the all-American mix . But while the sport gets all clean and corporate , the traditional race fans just want to find that one good ol' driver who can make them care . That one personality who will inspire them to carve out a few precious days off , pack up the truck with beer and barbeque and blow the budget to watch the cars go fast ... turn left ... and repeat .	Stock car racing legend Dale Earnhardt died February 18 , 2001 Crew chief : "  Dale Earnhardt was to NASCAR what Elvis Presley was to rock-and-roll " NASCAR.com 's Earnhardt tribute includes photos , memories , and reflections on his legacy
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Faezeh Hashemi , the daughter of former Iranian president , Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , was sentenced to six months in prison for making anti-government statements , semi-official Mehr News Agency reported Tuesday . Hashemi was arrested last year for taking part in anti-government protests , and the announcement of her sentence comes as parliamentary elections near . Her father , Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , is a powerful cleric and former parliament speaker . In the past , Rafsanjani has been one of the government 's most vocal critics . Rafsanjani served two terms as president from 1989 to 1997 , and is still widely believed to be one of the wealthiest and most politically powerful men in Iran . He had long been a staunch critic and bitter political rival of Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Weeks after the 2009 elections , Rafsanjani condemned the regime 's violent crackdown against the opposition movement and spoke out for the people 's right to peacefully protest in a speech delivered at Tehran 's Friday prayers . In recent months , Rafsanjani had toned down attacks and made statements of apparent support of the regime and the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Last March , Rafsanjani was replaced as head of Iran 's Assembly of Experts , a powerful committee charged with electing and removing the leader of the Islamic Revolution and supervising his activities .	Faezeh Hashemi was arrested last year for taking part in anti-government protests The announcement comes as parliamentary elections near . Her father is Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , former Iranian president
CNN  -- Most issues in Hoboken , New Jersey , ultimately boil down to real estate . So it 's no surprise to the residents of the small city that the dustup between their mayor and Gov. Chris Christie 's administration centers around three square blocks in the north end of Hoboken . With multimillion-dollar high-rise views of the New York City skyline , beautifully restored 19th century townhouses on quiet side streets , and trendy restaurants , bars and boutiques along the main drag , real estate is a prime commodity in the city that gave us Frank Sinatra and the reality television show "  Cake Boss . " Hoboken mayor : ` It 's true ' Christie administration withheld Sandy funds The Rockefeller Group , a major real estate holding company in the United States , wants to add to that landscape with a mixed-use development . Among the proposed apartment buildings and commercial spaces is a 40-story tower . It would be the city 's tallest structure . The company best known for building Rockefeller Center in New York has been in talks with city officials since 2008 to develop the three blocks it owns in a mostly industrial section of Hoboken , but the economic recession slowed the project . Then , flooding from Superstorm Sandy left 80 % of Hoboken under water . The approval process for the project slowed even more as city leaders explored ways to mitigate flooding in the future . Mayor Dawn Zimmer favors a plan that would divert water from the Hudson River into a new green belt around the city . The plans for that green belt skirt the Rockefeller Group 's coveted development site . Zimmer said she is n't opposed to developing those three blocks . But she has concerns about congestion and a strain on public services in the fourth most densely packed city in the United States . "  My No. 1 priority is to do what 's right for Hoboken , " Zimmer said CNN 's State of the Union with Candy Crowley . "  We have severe needs and we have to look at this comprehensively . " At the center of the controversy is Zimmer 's claim that two members of Christie 's administration made it clear to her that Sandy recovery funds distributed by his office would be contingent on her approval of the Rockefeller Group 's development project . Christie 's office , Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno and New Jersey Commissioner of Community Affairs Richard Constable have said that the allegations are categorically false . They called them a total fabrication . The real estate company denied any knowledge of a quid pro quo relating to its project . A statement from the Rockefeller Group said : "  We have no knowledge of any information pertaining to this allegation . If it turns out to be true , it would be deplorable . " Officials challenge mayor 's account of Christie 's administration tactics	Real estate in densely populated Hoboken , New Jersey , is big business A development is at the center of dispute between mayor , Gov. Chris Christie 's office Mayor Dawn Zimmer says the administration tied Sandy relief money to land deal Members of Christie 's administration categorically deny Zimmer 's accusation
CNN  -- A second man charged with murder in the 2011 disappearance of Tennessee nursing student Holly Bobo told a judge he was innocent Wednesday . Jason Wayne Autry , who is already in prison for an unrelated assault conviction , was indicted on especially aggravated kidnapping and first-degree murder charges by a special grand jury on Tuesday , Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Director Mark Gwyn said . Autry , 39 , was a longtime friend of Zachary Adams , 29 , who was indicted last month on the same kidnapping and murder charges . "  Your honor , I want to say one thing -- I 'm innocent of these charges . Right hand before God , I 'm innocent , sir , " Autry said in court . Adams also appeared Wednesday in court , where a not guilty plea was entered for a coercion of a witness charge . Bobo was 20 when she was last seen on April 13 , 2011 . Her brother told authorities he saw a man in camouflage leading her away from their home in the small town of Darden , Tennessee . Information from "  several witnesses " led to charges against Autry , Gwyn said . Investigators "  believe there are more people with information and possible involvement , " Gwyn said . He told reporters to "  expect more announcements in the coming days and weeks . " "  These individuals know who they are , and I 'm sure they are watching , and they can expect us to be on their doorstep pretty soon , " Gwyn said . The Bobo case rocked the largely rural swath of central Tennessee . Many knew the young woman and many rallied behind the effort to find her . Hundreds of volunteers turned out to help find her in Decatur , Henderson , Henry , Carroll and Benton counties . Many more attended memorial services or offered other support . More than $ 450,000 has been offered in reward money . Bobo 's body has not been found three years after her disappearance . CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Suspect Jason Wayne Autry is already in prison for an unrelated assault conviction "  Your honor , I want to say one thing -- I 'm innocent of these charges , " he says Autry is a longtime friend of suspect Zachary Adams , who was indicted last month
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- To most people these days , an "  app " is something you download on your smartphone to help you do a specific task -- say , find a good nearby restaurant . But big tech companies , seeing how applications have boosted the appeal of gadgets such as Apple 's iPhone , are starting to view apps as low-cost enhancements for a broader range of products , from netbooks to TVs and beyond . At the International Consumer Electronics Show here this week , microchip maker Intel launched an app store geared towards netbook computers . Not to be outdone , Samsung announced it will open its own app store for HDTVs , Blu-ray players and mobile phones . Even unlikely players such as Ford Motor Co. are getting in on the app act . Ford announced Thursday that several applications , including one that will read aloud Twitter tweets while you 're driving , will be available on many of its vehicles later this year . What 's driving this sudden app movement ? "  Mobile computer chips have gotten so powerful and affordable , and it 's so easy to get on the Internet , that it does n't make much sense to ship a gadget with dedicated , stagnant functionality , " said Brian X. Chen , who covers technology for Wired.com . "  Add an Internet connection and a software platform open for third-party programmers to develop for -- i.e. , open an app store -- and you can enhance the capabilities of a gadget , thus future-proofing it , at no cost . " Sales of the apps , which typically cost a few dollars apiece , also create a new source of revenue for the device 's manufacturer , Chen said . And consumers win , too : They get more value out of their product without having to keep buying new hardware . Software applications have been around for decades , but it took the recent success of the iPhone and Apple 's App Store -- with their can-do slogan , "  there 's an app for that " -- to make apps sexy on the consumer level . Developers have created more than 100,000 apps for the store -- at no cost to Apple , which takes a cut of revenues . Less than 18 months after the store launched in 2008 , owners of the iPhone and iPod Touch have downloaded more than 3 billion applications . Rival smartphone makers such as Palm and Research in Motion soon followed with app stores of their own . It 's now standard for Web properties such as Facebook , Google and eBay to have mobile apps that let users share updates or make purchases on the go . The number of people who use Internet-enabled mobile devices is expected to pass 1 billion by 2013 , according to industry analysts , meaning that demand for apps will only grow . And as more people grow accustomed to using apps to quickly check the weather or send a tweet on Twitter , more manufacturers will develop apps-ready products , experts say . On Thursday Intel launched a beta version of its app store , called the Intel AppUp center , for netbooks , the smaller , simpler cousins of laptops . About 100 apps , in such categories as entertainment , games , health , social networking , are now available for download at www.intelappup.com . The beta store will host apps for both Microsoft Windows and the open-source Moblin operating system , which target the popular netbook computer category powered by Intel 's Atom processor . "  Apps have been defined in people 's minds as these little things that run on the iPhone . Our focus is on getting lots of smart people to think of the netbook as a device they can target -LSB- for developing apps -RSB- , " said Peter Biddle , who run 's Intel 's Atom software program . Eventually , Intel and its partners expect to expand the store to include applications for smartphones , TVs and even consumer electronic appliances . Meanwhile , Samsung is betting that as television merges with the Internet , more channel-surfers will enjoy being able to order a movie from Netflix or scroll through photos on Picasa without having to leave their couch . Samsung is calling Samsung Apps "  the world 's first HDTV-based application store , " although it 's not expected to launch until later this year . Samsung has opened the store to third-party developers and hopes to have more than 150 apps available for download by the end of 2010 . Many content partners have already signed up . "  There 's going to be an application for everything , " said Samsung product training manager Jermain Anderson , who envisions guys sitting around a living room , playing Texas hold 'em poker on a big-screen TV while holding their virtual cards on their smartphones . Suddenly , a TV becomes more than a TV -- it 's also a computer screen and a gaming console . "  The idea is to make everyone 's life more convenient without them having to go to more than one place to do it , " Anderson said . "  Down the road , the app store will bring a lot of different Samsung products together . " Soon , apps will even be coming to the highway . Ford has signed agreements with three partners : the Pandora music service , Stitcher Internet radio and OpenBeak , which helps users send and receive messages via Twitter . Drivers will not be able to read the tweets on the dashboard -- instead , a computer voice will say them aloud . The three apps would live on users ' smartphones but would be controlled in the vehicle through Ford 's SYNC system , which allows motorists to operate mobile devices through voice commands or steering-wheel controls . The apps will be available later this year for any Ford vehicle with a SYNC system . "  When we saw the apps craze ... -LSB- we realized -RSB- there 's a consumer demand there , " said Alan Hall , a technology communications manager at Ford . Hall was quick to say that Ford would not approve apps -- such as video games -- that might distract the driver . "  Apps are becoming the norm for how people quickly and easily access the information they want , " Hall added . "  People are used to getting information on demand . They have a digital life outside the car -- they should have a digital life inside the car . "	Companies are opening app stores and bringing applications to TVs , netbooks and even cars Intel launched an app store for netbooks at the Consumer Electronics Show this week Samsung will launch an app store later this year for HDTVs and Blu-ray players Ford Motor Co. will make select apps available for new vehicles later in 2010
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China will maintain its one-child policy for at least another decade , the country 's family planning minister said in an interview published Monday . Nearly 200 million Chinese will enter child-bearing age over the next 10 years , the government says . The policy , begun in the 1970s , prohibits most couples from bearing more than one child . Nearly 200 million Chinese will enter child-bearing age in the next 10 years , Minister Zhang Weiqing told the China Daily newspaper . He said abandoning the policy during this period would cause "  serious problems and add extra pressure on social and economic development . " "  After the new birth peak ends , we may adjust the policy if there is a need , " he said . China 's population , which now stands at about 1.3 billion , is growing at the rate of 0.6 percent and is expected to peak around 1.6 billion by 2050 , according to the U.S. State Department . China 's Communist Party first implemented the one-child rule three decades ago amid fears that the country would not be able to feed a skyrocketing population . The policy has prevented about 400 million births , the China Daily said . Families living in cities are barred from having more than one child -- unless neither parents have siblings . In rural areas , the law allows for a second child under certain circumstances . And the guidelines are also looser for ethnic minorities with small population . Enforcement varies but usually takes the form of fines to discourage extra births . While the policy has helped curb population growth , it has also led to forced sterilizations in some parts of the country , the State Department said . Because of a traditional preference for male heirs , many Chinese have aborted female fetuses , according to human rights groups . Even within the country , there have been growing calls in recent years for the law to be overhauled , the China Daily said . Some Chinese worry that the law has led to a gender imbalance . They also worry about China 's aging population . Those 60 years of age and older are expected to make up more than 200 million in the next seven years , according to government figures . Zhang said the problems should not be blamed solely on the one-child rule and "  it will be simplistic " to look for a single approach in addressing them . E-mail to a friend	China to keep one child policy for at least another decade , minister says About 200 million Chinese will reach child-bearing age in the next 10 years China 's population is growing at the rate of 0.6 percent Currently at 1.3 billion , it is expected to peak around 1.6 billion by 2050
Nouakchott , Mauritania  CNN  -- Mahjouba was raped in March on the nighttime streets of Mauritania 's capital , but she will not bring charges against the man she says did it since she may be the one who ends up in prison . The 25-year-old says the legal advice she received was to not go to court , leaving her to suffer in silence . There is no law in Mauritania that defines rape . According to a local U.N.-funded group working with the victims , the law criminalizes the women instead of their rapists -- and society ostracizes the women . Mahjouba , who asked not to use her real name , said : "  I am sure that if I raise my voice I 'm going to be criminalized by my society and I will pay the price harshly ... and as a result I may stay single for the rest of my life . " She added : "  I consulted a lawyer secretly , and he advised me sincerely not to seek justice because that would throw me in jail . I know what happened to other girls who decided to go to court and face the community . Their lives were destroyed completely forever . So I already know what would happen to me if I had to follow that path . "  This Islamic republic has no place for rape victims like me . " Mauritanian laws are based on Sharia law and the penal code forbids relationships between both sexes outside marriage . That includes a consensual relationship between a boyfriend and girlfriend but can also criminalize a woman who is forced to have sex . Sidi Athman Ould Sidi Salem , a law specialist and legal adviser to the government , said : "  If raped women do n't bring strong evidence , which is not easy , they would be accused of Zina -- an Arabic word meaning sex out of marriage -- and end up in jail . It 's because the victims of rape are always accused of a Zina which make a lot of problems . " Sidi Athman added : "  The rape issue has been one of the many taboos that have n't been investigated  by the government  . " UNFPA , which promotes health and equality issues , is working with local groups and the government to define rape in law and protect its victims . Thierno Coulibaly , UNFPA assistant representative in Mauritania for its reproductive health program and population and development program , said he was not aware of any rape victim in the capital currently in jail but could not comment on what was happening outside the capital . Even with legal protection , women victims of rape still face a social stigma that is hard to overcome . He said : "  Women are still afraid to complain if they are victims of rape because there is an attitude from the society . " Coulibaly added : "  There is no law to define rape but there will be one . And work is being done with police officers and judges ... to let them understand the problem is not the woman , but the perpetrator of the rape . " The U.N.-funded Mauritanian Association for Maternal and Child Health  known by its French acronym AMSME  is at the forefront of trying to change both the law and society . When a woman reports a rape , police contact AMSME and the woman is taken to the El Wafa center . Zeinebou Mint Taleb Moussa , a former midwife and president of the organization , set up the El Wafa center in 2001 to provide help for rape victims . Mint Taleb Moussa said : "  There is no mention of the words ` rape , ' or ` sexual violence ' in the Mauritanian laws which left a growing number of women as victims ... All the words that are related to sex are extremely taboo and can never be mentioned publicly . " Mint Taleb Moussa said there were 308 rape cases registered by her organization in 2008 and 205 in 2009 , but she noted that "  what has been reported is only the tip of the iceberg . " She said they mainly deal with cases in the capital , Nouakchott , but there remain many unreported rapes in the city and the country . She said rape victims bring shame to their families and the woman 's reputation , and few women have the courage to report the crime and be registered . Mint Taleb Moussa added : "  We focus basically on the capital Nouakchott , but we think of covering the interior regions as well . " Mint Taleb Moussa has tried in vain for a decade to get her message into the national media to assist rape victims . "  I requested having a program in the state mass media -- radio and TV -- but my request was turned down . Recently , the national TV hosted me for the first time on a program , but it was censored without giving any justification ... It 's a big problem here to defend rape victims , " she said . AMSME is also working with government and religious leaders in a bid to get a new rape law . Sidi Ould Beyade , spokesman for the Ministry of Welfare , Children and Family , said the ministry has begun work on the issue to help end the ordeal of rape victims . "  For the first time , the ministry is now in touch with NGO activists , lawyers and opinion makers with the purpose of studying the situation , first , and then trying to act . "	Rights groups working to get a law defining rape in Mauritania Currently rape victims can be jailed for having sex outside marriage Victims also pressured by social stigma attached to rape One woman tells CNN : Mauritania is no place for rape victims like me
In an election-year policy change , the Obama administration said Friday it will stop deporting young illegal immigrants who entered the United States as children if they meet certain requirements . The shift on the politically volatile issue of immigration policy prompted immediate praise from Latino leaders who have criticized Congress and the White House for inaction , while Republicans reacted with outrage , saying the move amounts to amnesty -- a negative buzz word among conservatives -- and usurps congressional authority . What to know on immigration in the U.S. Those who might benefit from the change expressed joy and relief , with celebratory demonstrations forming outside the White House and elsewhere . Pedro Ramirez , a student who has campaigned for such a move , said he was "  definitely speechless , " then added : "  It 's great news . " In a Rose Garden address Friday afternoon , President Barack Obama said the changes caused by his executive order will make immigration policy "  more fair , more efficient and more just . " "  This is not amnesty . This is not immunity . This is not a path to citizenship . It 's not a permanent fix , " Obama said to take on conservative criticism of the step . "  This is a temporary stopgap measure . " Noting children of illegal immigrants "  study in our schools , play in our neighborhoods , befriend our kids , pledge allegiance to our flag , " Obama said , "  it makes no sense to expel talented young people who are , for all intents and purposes , Americans . " When a reporter interrupted Obama with a hostile question , the president admonished him and declared that the policy change is "  the right thing to do . " Under the new policy , people younger than 30 who came to the United States before the age of 16 , pose no criminal or security threat , and were successful students or served in the military can get a two-year deferral from deportation , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said . Read the Napolitano memo  PDF It also will allow those meeting the requirements to apply for work permits , Napolitano said , adding that participants must be in the United States now and be able to prove they have been living in the country continuously for at least five years . The change is part of a department effort to target resources at illegal immigrants who pose a greater threat , such as criminals and those trying to enter the country now , Napolitano said , adding it was "  well within the framework of existing laws . " 2009 study : 4 million ` illegal ' immigrant children are native-born citizens The move addresses a major concern of the Hispanic community and mimics some of the provisions of a Democratic proposal called the DREAM Act that has failed to win enough Republican support to gain congressional approval . Obama has been criticized by Hispanic-American leaders for an overall increase in deportations of illegal aliens in recent years . Last year , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement removed 396,906 illegal immigrants , the largest number in the agency 's history . Immigration lessons for the U.S. from around the world Friday 's policy change is expected to potentially affect 800,000 people , an administration official told CNN on background . Both Obama and Napolitano called for Congress to pass the DREAM Act , which would put into law similar steps for children of illegal immigrants to continue living and working in the country . "  I 've been dealing with immigration enforcement for 20 years and the plain fact of the matter is that the law that we 're working under does n't match the economic needs of the country today and the law enforcement needs of the country today , " Napolitano told CNN . "  But as someone who is charged with enforcing the immigration system , we 're setting good , strong , sensible priorities , and again these young people really are not the individuals that the immigration removal process was designed to focus upon . " Republicans who have blocked Democratic efforts on immigration reform immediately condemned the move , with some calling it an improper maneuver to skirt congressional opposition . Rep. Steve King of Iowa , a leading GOP foe of Democratic proposals for immigration reform , threatened to file a lawsuit asking the courts to stop Obama "  from implementing his unconstitutional and unlawful policy . " In a Twitter post , Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina called the decision "  a classic Barack Obama move of choosing politics over leadership , " while House Judiciary Committee Chairman Lamar Smith , R-Texas , called the change a "  decision to grant amnesty to potentially millions of illegal immigrants . " "  Many illegal immigrants will falsely claim they came here as children and the federal government has no way to check whether their claims are true , " Smith said in a statement . "  And once these illegal immigrants are granted deferred action , they can then apply for a work permit , which the administration routinely grants 90 % of the time . " Others complained the move will flood an already poor job market for young Americans with illegal immigrants . However , Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , who sponsored the DREAM Act , welcomed the announcement that he said "  will give these young immigrants their chance to come out of the shadows and be part of the only country they 've ever called home . " Immigration shift sparks reaction from both sides He rejected the GOP argument that Obama 's move was all about politics , noting "  there will be those who vote against him because of this decision , too . That 's what leadership is about . " Durbin also noted that Obama repeatedly called for Congress to pass immigration reform legislation , including the DREAM Act . Now that it is clear no progress would occur this Congress , the president acted , Durbin said . Obama has used executive orders more frequently in recent months to launch initiatives he advocates that have been stymied by the deep partisan divide in Congress . A White House campaign of such steps involving economic programs was labeled "  We Ca n't Wait . " Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , who has been working on an alternative version of the DREAM Act , criticized Obama for taking a piecemeal approach Friday . He said in a statement that "  by once again ignoring the Constitution and going around Congress , this short-term policy will make it harder to find a balanced and responsible long-term one . " Overheard on CNN.com : Decision to defer some deportations symbolic Rubio is considered a possible running mate for certain GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney , who rejected the DREAM Act in the heat of the Republican primary campaign but has since expressed willingness to consider whatever Rubio proposes . Later Friday , Romney told reporters that the issue needs more substantive action than an executive order , which can be replaced by a subsequent president . He said he agrees with Rubio 's statement that Obama 's move makes finding a long-term solution more difficult . As president , Romney said , he would seek to provide "  certainty and clarity for people who come into this country through no fault of their own by virtue of the actions of their parents . " Hispanics make up the fastest-growing immigrant population in the country , and the Latino vote is considered a crucial bloc for the November presidential election . A spokeswoman for a major Latino group , the National Council of La Raza , hailed the administration 's move . Joy , skepticism at immigration policy shift "  In light of the congressional inaction on immigration reform , this is the right step for the administration to take at this time , " said NCLR spokeswoman Laura Vazquez . Immigration lawyers also called the change a major step in the right direction . However , one immigration expert warned that the new policy does not guarantee the result sought by participants . "  I worry that the announcement will be implemented more stingily than the administration would like , " said Stephen Yale-Loehr , who teaches immigration law at Cornell Law School . Meanwhile , some evangelical Christian leaders who recently met at the White House to discuss immigration issues also endorsed Friday 's move , along with the U.S. Council of Catholic Bishops and some Jewish groups . Photos : Putting a face on the immigration debate For Jose Luis Zelaya , who came to the United States illegally from Honduras at age 14 to find his mother , also an illegal immigrant , the new policy means that "  maybe I will be able to work without being afraid that someone may deport me . " "  There is no fear anymore , " he said .	President Obama says the new policy is "  more fair , more efficient and more just " Republicans criticize the change as a political move that grants amnesty Secretary Napolitano says the change is not amnesty or immunity They must be successful students or have served in the military , with clean records
CNN  -- At least 361 people have died and 600,000 were living in refugee camps because of flooding in Pakistan , the country 's national disaster authority said Tuesday . The flooding in Sindh and Balochistan provinces has destroyed 1.5 million homes in 41,000 villages , the government said . The United Nations World Food Program has been distributing food , starting in the hard-hit city of Badin . As of Friday , more than 15,000 people have received assistance , the agency said . The agency estimated that 73 % of food crops in the flood zone and 36 % of livestock were lost or destroyed . The United Nations said Monday that it is seeking donors to build a $ 357 million fund to help the Pakistani government 's flood response efforts . It is meant to provide food , water , sanitation , health care and shelter for some flood victims for up to six months . "  More than five million people are struggling to survive massive flooding across southern Pakistan , and the rains continue to fall , " said Valerie Amos , the U.N. under-secretary-general for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator . Last year , Pakistan was also the site of massive and deadly flooding . In August 2010 , weeks of flooding caused $ 9.7 billion in damages to homes , roads and farms in southwest Pakistan . More than 1,700 people died in the 2010 flooding , and more than 20 million were displaced . CNN 's Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	More deaths are reported from the flooding , officials say About 600,000 people are living in refugee camps The United Nations wants donations for flood relief efforts
CNN  -- One of the truly remarkable and relatively recent boosts to the health of poor women in this country has been their opportunity to get preventive , reproductive health services at little or no cost in one place . Over the years , one Planned Parenthood clinic after another has been able to offer these women not only affordable contraception , but full exams that include screening for breast cancer , the No. 1 cancer killer of women . This week a major financial supporter of breast cancer education and services , the Susan G. Komen for the Cure Foundation , announced it was ending its funding to Planned Parenthood . While Planned Parenthood believes Komen is caving in to pressure from anti-abortion groups , Komen said its decision was made because the foundation is not allowed to give money to any organization under government investigation . An article in The Los Angeles Times said this was a reference to "  an inquiry begun by Rep. Cliff Stearns , a Florida Republican , to determine whether Planned Parenthood uses public money to fund abortions , " an accusation Planned Parenthood has heard before and denied repeatedly . When Komen announced it was cutting Planned Parenthood funds , it failed to mention that it recently named Karen Handel senior vice-president for policy . She ran unsuccessfully for governor of Georgia on a strong anti-abortion platform and called for an end to funding for Planned Parenthood in that state . Another abortion foe , Jane Abraham , the general chairman of the anti-choice Susan B. Anthony List , sits on Komen 's Advocacy Alliance Board . I have no evidence that they did or did n't participate in Komen 's decision . But as ill-advised as it is -- and if comments to Komen 's Facebook page are any indication -- I suspect that the decision will not be popular with many women who previously supported the foundation . In fact , by mid-afternoon Tuesday , the story had prompted an outpouring of financial pledges to Planned Parenthood : $ 400,000 and rising , according to the Washington Post 's Sarah Kliff . These supporters understand how important it is to be able to offer free or low-cost reproductive health care , especially to girls and women from low-income families in rural and medically underserved areas . Those of us in the middle and upper income brackets  as I suspect many , if not most , Komen employees and supporters are  visit private physicians . We can afford , if not always easily , regular checkups and driving long distances if necessary . Women with little income do n't have these luxuries , which is where Planned Parenthood health centers come in . A clinic can be virtually a one-stop shop , where a woman might come for a Pap smear , birth control pills and a breast examination all on the same visit . While mammograms and biopsies are referred out to other doctors at low or no costs , Planned Parenthood physicians oversee the cases . Women also learn in the clinics how to examine their breasts for cancer . Without Planned Parenthood and similar organizations , the people most in need of this care would be the least likely to get it . This is not the America I know . We 've gotten along -- one could say prospered , even -- as a country of diverse views by finessing our differences . You believe this , but I do n't . I believe something else , but you do n't buy it . We forge a common ground . I ca n't think of one organization I 've belonged to or given money to with which I agreed 100 % on every issue . But that has n't stopped me from supporting good work that that organization does . If only Komen operated the same way . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Laura Sessions Stepp .	Susan G. Komen breast cancer group ends funding for Planned Parenthood Laura Stepp : Planned Parenthood says Komen has caved to anti-abortion pressure Abortion foe recently named Komen 's senior vice-president for policy , she says Stepp believes this decision hurts women who can not pay for breast cancer exams
CNET  -- Google 's Chrome browser continued to carve away share of worldwide browser usage from rivals in May , new statistics show . Chrome rose 0.3 percentage points to 7.1 percent of share , said Net Applications , which monitors browser usage on a network of Web sites . The statistics reflect activity , not the number of people using a browser , as people load up about 160 million pages each month on sites Net Applications monitors . Because Web usage is increasing , the absolute number of people using a browser can increase even as its fractional share of usage drops . The share losses came from Microsoft 's Internet Explorer , which dropped 0.3 percent to 59.7 percent , and Mozilla 's Firefox , which dropped 0.2 percentage points to 24.4 percent . Fourth-place Safari from Apple rose 0.1 percentage points to 4.8 percent , and Opera rose 0.1 percentage points to 2.4 percent . The browser market has become hotly competitive with new features being built in to support new Web standards . Even Microsoft , long considered a technology laggard even as its browser dominated , is back in the game with aggresive work developing IE9 . Microsoft has been trying to rid the world of Internet Explorer 6 , introduced in 2001 and now considered outmoded , slow , and insecure . Even though IE lost share overall , Microsoft can point to progress in upgrading : The various versions of IE8 accounted for 28.9 percent of usage . Meanwhile , another analytics firm , StatCounter , reported IE6 use had dropped below 5 percent in the United States and Europe and to 9.8 percent worldwide . "  At these levels , Web developers now have valid justification not to support IE6 in the future , " StatCounter Chief Executive Aodhan Cullen said in a statement . The company collected its data from 15 billion page views of Web pages in May . Net Applications also released statistics for iPad use , showing gradual gains since the Apple tablet 's release . With the iPad now for sale internationally , usage peaked May 29 with 0.17 percent . Net Applications ' data shows the iPad is relatively popular on the weekend . Use generally is lowest as a fraction of browsing on Monday , climbs gradually as the weekdays progress , than roughly doubles on the weekend days . The company also tracked mobile-phone browsing usage . Java ME , a mobile phone version of the technology from Sun Microsystems and now owned by Oracle , took the top spot with 40 percent of usage share . Next in line was iPhone OS with 32.8 percent , Symbian at 14 percent , Android at 6.2 percent , and BlackBerry at 3.6 percent .  2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Chrome rose 0.3 percentage points to 7.1 percent of worldwide browser usage Statistics reflect activity , not the number of people using a browser Microsoft has been trying to rid the world of Internet Explorer 6
London  CNN  -- A glass microscope slide with a trace of the late Indian independence leader Mahatma Gandhi 's blood is among an array of memorabilia due to be sold at auction Tuesday in England . A pair of shabby leather sandals once worn by Gandhi , renowned for his doctrine of nonviolent protest and adherence to an ascetic lifestyle , is also going under the hammer . Remarkable photos of ` history in the making ' The slide was donated by Gandhi when he was convalescing after an operation for appendicitis in 1924 , according to Mullock 's auction house . The sandals come from a house at Juhu Beach , in Maharashtra , western India , where Gandhi lived from 1917 to 1934 , the auction listing says . They have a guide price of 10,000 to 15,000 British pounds . Another lot from the same house features a handwoven linen shawl "  made from thread which Gandhi spun himself , " according to the auction house . Photographs , paintings and audio recordings of Gandhi are also up for sale , as well as personal documents and household items belonging to the former leader . Book of the week on the great soul of Mahatma Gandhi The documents include a two-page will , handwritten "  in a neat secretarial hand " in Gujarati and signed by Gandhi , the auction house said . It is expected to fetch 30,000 to 40,000 pounds . The independence leader , who was born Mohandas Gandhi in Gujarat in 1869 , became known as Mahatma , or "  great-souled , " for his efforts toward social and political progress for his countrymen . He was a key figure in the Indian National Congress and led the Indian nationalist movement against British rule , characterized by a campaign of civil disobedience and nonviolent resistance . India achieved independence in August 1947 . Gandhi was nominated five times for the Nobel Peace Prize -- in 1937 , 1938 , 1939 , 1947 and finally in January 1948 , a few days before he was assassinated -- but was never awarded it . No peace prize was given in 1948 . Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	A microscope slide with a trace of Gandhi 's blood is up for auction in England Other lots include a shawl made from thread spun by Gandhi and a pair of his sandals Documents including a two-page will signed by Gandhi are for sale
BEIJING , China  Reuters  -- A Chinese couple tried to name their baby " @ , " claiming the character used in e-mail addresses echoed their love for the child , an official trying to whip the national language into line said on Thursday . The unusual name stands out especially in Chinese , which has no alphabet and instead uses tens of thousands of multi-stroke characters to represent words . "  The whole world uses it to write e-mail , and translated into Chinese it means ` love him ' , " the father explained , according to the deputy chief of the State Language Commission Li Yuming . While the " @ " symbol is familiar to Chinese e-mail users , they often use the English word "  at " to sound it out -- which with a drawn out "  T " sounds something like "  ai ta , " or "  love him , " to Mandarin speakers . Li told a news conference on the state of the language that the name was an extreme example of people 's increasingly adventurous approach to Chinese , as commercialisation and the Internet break down conventions . Another couple tried to give their child a name that rendered into English sounds like "  King Osrina . " Li did not say if officials accepted the " @ " name . But earlier this year the government announced a ban on names using Arabic numerals , foreign languages and symbols that do not belong to Chinese minority languages . Sixty million Chinese faced the problem that their names use ancient characters so obscure that computers can not recognize them and even fluent speakers were left scratching their heads , said Li , according to a transcript of the briefing on the government Web site  www.gov.cn  . One of them was the former Premier Zhu Rongji , whose name had a rare "  rong " character that gave newspaper editors headaches . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Chinese couple try to name baby " @ " Father claims character translates as "  love him " Officials have not revealed if the name has been allowed
The reward for the safe return of a missing New York City teen with autism , Avonte Oquendo , has been raised to $ 70,000 , thanks to an anonymous donation through Autism Speaks , according to a spokesman for the organization . The $ 50,000 donation came in Friday morning and was specifically earmarked to aid the search effort for Oquendo , said C.J. Volpe , director of media relations for Autism Speaks , a national organization devoted to autism research and advocacy . The reward was previously $ 20,000 . Mayerson & Associates , a Manhattan law firm that represents individuals with autism , and the Manhattan 's Children Center , a nonprofit private autism school , had each pledged $ 5,000 . Later , Oquendo 's mother 's employer , Health First , and The Perecman Firm , the law firm now representing the Oquendo family , pledged an additional $ 5,000 each , according to David Perecman , the family 's attorney . "  We work to keep our children safe every day , and we hope this raises awareness to getting him found , " said Abby Weiss , chief administrator of the Manhattan 's Children Center . Gary Mayerson , the founder of the law firm bearing his name , said the status of the search and investigation may lead to the reward money being increased . "  We can not begin to imagine what Avonte 's family is going through , " the firm said in a written statement . "  Time is of the essence . " Surveillance video shows 14-year-old Oquendo , of Queens , running out the door of Center Boulevard School in Long Island City at 12:38 p.m. on October 4 . Police say he is unable to communicate verbally . New York Police Department spokeswoman Annette Markowski told CNN that there have been no new developments in the case and the investigation continues . The Oquendo family filed a "  notice of claim " Wednesday , said Perecman , marking the first step of a civil lawsuit against the city of New York . He declined to give further information regarding the claim . Perecman also told CNN that he is taking steps to investigate how Oquendo was able to escape school grounds unsupervised . "  Right now , we have submitted a Freedom of Information Act request to the city and the various agencies involved , in order to obtain the information for us to know what occurred , " Perecman said . However , the family remains resolute in their search for their missing son . "  I 'm just doing my job as their lawyer , but the focus is on finding Avonte . That is the family 's focus , " Perecman said . Earlier this week , Oquendo 's mother called the situation "  heartbreaking . " "  I just need to find my son because he needs his family , he can not fend for himself out there , " Vanessa Fontaine told CNN affiliate WABC . "  This is just the hardest thing to have your child disappear , and you can not bring him home with you , " she said . According to the surveillance video provided by the NYPD , no supervisor or monitor stopped the 14-year-old when he ran out . "  He is supposed to have one-to-one supervision at all times , " Fontaine said through tears . "  He has the mental capacity of a 7 - or 8-year-old . " The New York City Department of Education issued a statement saying it is working closely with the police on the investigation . The school is not commenting . Police say Oquendo was last seen wearing a gray-striped shirt , black jeans and black sneakers . He is 5 feet , 3 inches tall and weighs 125 pounds . Missing posters are being handed out and the surrounding areas are under investigation , WABC reported . "  He does n't know that , you know , ' I can get hurt in the street , someone can grab me and take me . ' He does n't know that , " Fontaine said Monday . "  He does n't know fear . " Autism Speaks employees and volunteers will be joining the search effort Friday , Volpe wrote in an e-mail . "  We 're all just praying for his safe return and we want to do everything we can to support the family . People in our community are rallying together and doing what we can to ensure that he comes home , " Volpe said . A vigil for Oquendo is expected to be held Friday night in a park across the street from his school . Anyone with information about Oquendo is asked to contact the NYPD 's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 800-577-TIPS . The public can also submit tips at Crime Stoppers website , nypdcrimestoppers.com or text to 274637  CRIMES  , then enter TIP577 .	Avonte Oquendo , 14 , has been missing since he ran out of his school a week ago "  He can not fend for himself out there , " says his mother , Vanessa Fontaine An anonymous $ 50,000 donation for the reward came in Friday through Autism Speaks The family takes the first step toward filing a lawsuit against the city , an attorney says
CNN  Being stuck on the ground in an airliner for 12 hours is bad enough , but then imagine having to stay in the plane for another 16 hours to reach your destination . That 's what happened Saturday in Abu Dhabi for passengers and crew aboard Etihad Airways Flight 183 , a Boeing 777 scheduled to fly to San Francisco . The airline apologized , blaming an "  unprecedented fog disruption " that forced the airport to close runways until authorities said it was safe to take off . Passengers expected to push back from the gate at 2:30 a.m. Saturday , but they did n't go wheels up until 2:30 p.m. , the airline said . One passenger , Thomas Piani , told CNN affiliate KGO that the crew "  kept telling us that we were going to leave , you know 15 minutes from now , 20 minutes from now , 30 minutes for now , for 12 hours , " which ratcheted frustrations higher and higher . Tension was obvious in the tone of passenger tweets . " ... crew wo n't serve food , " tweeted @SuzeTwtr Passenger Venkatesh Pahwa told KGO , "  Everybody was fighting with each other , and the flight attendants were fighting with us , and we were fighting with the flights attendants . " "  Stuck in an @EtihadAirways flight on the ground for 10 + hours . And not allowed to get off . I feel like I 'm in a ` Seinfeld ' episode , " passenger Ravali Reddy tweeted . In a statement , Etihad said that when the plane was on the ground awaiting permission to take off , "  passengers were provided with refreshments and were updated about the reasons for the rolling delay caused by the extreme weather conditions . " The airline said replacing the crew before taking off also contributed to the delay . A fresh crew had to be brought in because of rules that limit flight-time . The non-stop route from the Abu Dhabi to San Francisco is an ultra-long haul lasting 16 hours . The situation , Etihad said , was "  impacted by circumstances which were largely beyond our control . " Bad weather costs airlines and passengers flying into and out of the U.S. billions of dollars because of canceled and delayed flights . In the United States , federal regulations forbid airlines with 30 or more passenger seats on their domestic flights to allow their planes to remain on the tarmac for more than three hours without giving passengers the opportunity to disembark . Violators are subject to federal fines . Read more : High cost of flight delays In July 2012 , passengers on 13 United Airlines flights were stuck on their planes during severe thunderstorms at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport for stretches ranging from just over three hours to nearly four-and-a-half hours . The Department of Transportation fined the airline $ 1.1 million . Read more : United fined $ 1.1 million for tarmac delays CNN 's Rene Marsh and Daisy Carrington contributed to this report .	Etihad Airways blames heavy fog for keeping passengers on plane for 12 hours before an 18-hour flight The delay sparked tensions between passengers and crew on the flight from Abu Dhabi to San Francisco In the U.S. , passengers can remain on the tarmac for 3 hours before they must be offered a chance to disembark
Thinking of having a baby ? You may want to consider moving to Finland -- the best place in the world to be a mother , according to Save the Children 's 14th Mothers ' Index . The index , part of the group 's annual State of the World 's Mothers report , is intended to illustrate the link between maternal and child well-being . Each year , nearly three million babies die within their first month of life -- more than a third die on their day of birth -- and 287,000 women die from pregnancy or childbirth , according to the report . The index ranked countries according to five indicators of a mother 's well-being : maternal health  the risk of maternal mortality  ; children 's well-being  the mortality rate of children under five  ; educational status  number of years of formal schooling a woman receives  ; economic status  gross national income per capita  ; and political status  the participation of women in national government  . Finland was followed closely by its Nordic neighbors and other Western European countries . Australia was the only non-European country to place in the top 10 . The United States ranked 30th , performing poorly in under-five mortality rates , maternal death , and political participation , compared to other highly-developed countries . Industrialized countries account for only 1 % of newborns dying on their first day of life , but among them the U.S. has the highest mortality rate , with approximately 11,300 deaths each year . The report attributed this to the country 's high rate of premature births  one in eight births  -- the second highest in the industrialized world . The U.S. also has the highest teenage birth rate of any industrialized country -- and teenage mothers in the U.S. tend to have less education , prenatal care , and financial resources than their older counterparts . Sub-Saharan African countries ranked as the 10 worst places to be a mother , with the Democratic Republic of the Congo coming in last place . While newborn , child , and maternal death rates have declined across the developing world in the past two decades , the report found that progress has been the slowest in this region . Developing countries lack basic healthcare for women and their babies before , during , and after delivery , accounting for the majority of newborn and maternal deaths . The Mothers ' Index ranked 176 countries -- all countries are included except those with insufficient data or a national population below 100,000 . Top 10 1 . Finland 2 . Sweden 3 . Norway 4 . Iceland 5 . Netherlands 6 . Denmark 7 . Spain 8 . Belgium 9 . Germany 10 . Australia Bottom 10 167 . Cote d'Ivoire 168 . Chad 169 . Nigeria 170 . Gambia 171 . Central African Republic 172 . Niger 173 . Mali 174 . Sierra Leone 175 . Somalia 176 . Democratic Republic of the Congo	Finland ranked as best country for mothers in Save the Children 's 14th Mothers ' Index Index intended to illustrate link between maternal and child well-being Each year , nearly 3M babies die within first month of life ; 287,000 women die from pregnancy or childbirth Sub-Saharan African countries ranked as the ten worst places to be a mother
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama will duel for Super Tuesday votes Thursday night as the Democratic presidential hopefuls face off for the first time together minus former Sen. John Edwards . Thursday 's debate is taking place at the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles , California . The debate -- sponsored by CNN , the Los Angeles Times and Politico -- starts at 8 p.m. ET Thursday on CNN and CNN.com . CNN 's Wolf Blitzer is the moderator . The event is the first Democratic debate since Obama 's convincing victory Saturday in South Carolina . On Tuesday , Clinton won the Florida primary , a contest her campaign said helped the senator regain momentum even though it awarded no delegates . The forum at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood comes hours after the Obama campaign revealed it had raised $ 32 million in January from roughly 170,000 new donors . That amount will allow Obama to expand his television ad buys greatly in the 20-plus states holding primaries or caucuses Tuesday . Watch a time-lapse construction of the debate set " The Clinton campaign would not indicate how much money it had raised in the same time period . Mike Gravel , the other Democratic presidential candidate still in the race , was not invited to participate in the debate because he did not meet certain criteria , including support in national polls . In a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll conducted January 14-17 , Gravel received less than 1 percent . Edwards suspended his presidential run Wednesday in New Orleans , Louisiana , but he did n't endorse any candidate despite what aides described as furious lobbying campaigns by Obama and Clinton . Thursday 's debate may be slightly more restrained than last week 's brutal showdown . Following her South Carolina loss , Clinton has largely steered clear of opportunities to take aim at Obama . Former President Bill Clinton also has avoided criticizing his wife 's rival after dominating headlines with his attacks in the days before the South Carolina vote . The economy is likely to dominate Thursday 's debate , as both candidates look to appeal to supporters of Edwards and his brand of economic populism . Clinton and Obama have split victories in their parties ' early-voting states : Obama has won in Iowa and South Carolina , and Clinton has won in New Hampshire , Nevada , Michigan and Florida . But the Michigan and Florida contests awarded no delegates , and all major Democratic presidential candidates pledged to avoid campaigning in those states following national party penalties against them for moving up their contests so early . Clinton was the only major candidate to appear on the Michigan ballot . Obama is leading Clinton in the number of pledged delegates -- those awarded based on primary or caucus votes . Clinton has the edge when superdelegates are factored in .  Superdelegates are party leaders and elected officials who are not obligated to support a particular candidate . They can change their decisions at any time leading up to the Democratic National Convention in August . To date , Obama has won an estimated 63 national convention delegates as a result of primary or caucus votes , while Clinton has earned an estimated 48 delegates . Clinton , however , has the overall lead in delegates -- 232 to 158 -- when superdelegates are included . With solid fundraising numbers and a nod from Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts this week , Obama will be making the claim he holds the front-runner title . But Clinton -- who has led in national surveys for much of the race -- will be making her case as well . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .	Debate will be last time top Democrats face off before Super Tuesday contests Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama to go one-on-one for first time together Ex-Sen . John Edwards suspended presidential campaign Wednesday Debate will start at 8 ET on Thursday night on CNN and CNN.com
CNN  -- Southwest Airlines is working with federal and local officials to determine who is responsible for vandalizing its planes with strange markings , a statement from the airline said Tuesday . The unauthorized markings surfaced in February , spokesperson Whitney Eichinger said in the statement . Eichinger would not comment on the number of planes vandalized , where the incidents were reported or give specific details about what the markings were . CNN affiliate KNXV in Phoenix reported that multiple sources , who asked not to be identified because they were not authorized to speak on behalf of the company , have said "  the markings appear to be Arabic words . " But those same sources said they believe the markings are the work of "  an employee or group of employees joking around , " KNXV reported . Southwest had planned to handle the situation as "  an internal vandalism issue , " a memo from Mike Van de Ven stated , but a company employee called in a tip to ABC15 , after information about the investigation was posted in a memo on the company 's internal blog . "  We are asking your help to stop this and to report those responsible , " the memo from Mike Van de Ven read . "  If you are aware of anyone involved in marking or tagging our aircraft , please notify our Leader , " the memo states . It also said "  the issue is taken very seriously , " and that the company plans "  to work in cooperation with both local and federal law enforcement agencies until the issue is resolved . "	Employees received an internal memo about markings on planes Southwest is working with local , federal officials to find vandals Sources tell local media , ` the markings appear to be Arabic words "
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The younger son of political activist Aung San Suu Kyi left Myanmar Tuesday after a long-awaited visit with his mother , from whom he 'd been separated for a decade . Kim Aris was seen arriving back in Bangkok , Thailand , later in the day . Aris had been in Myanmar for a little more than two weeks visiting with his mother . He last saw his Nobel Peace Laureate mother in 2000 , when he spent about two weeks with her , according to one of her attorneys . Suu Kyi was released from house arrest on November 13 , after spending most of the past 20 years under house arrest or in prison . Suu Kyi release came after national elections in Myanmar . Suu Kyi and her National League for Democracy party boycotted the November 7 elections , faulting the country 's ruling military junta . Before the election , the regime had enacted a new law that forced the Suu Kyi 's party to choose between honoring her as its leader and risking the party being declared illegal , or ejecting Suu Kyi from the party and contesting the elections . Generals in Myanmar refused to allow international monitors to oversee the elections and overhauled Myanmar 's constitution in a way critics say is aimed at tightening the regime 's grip . The constitution now requires more than 100 military nominees in parliament . Myanmar , also known as Burma , has been under military rule since 1962 . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Suu Kyi was released from house arrest on November 13 They had been separated for a decade The political activist has spent most of the past 20 years under house arrest or in prison
Cristiano Ronaldo has been named in Portugal 's squad for their World Cup play-off against Bosnia-Herzegovina despite objections from La Liga side Real Madrid . The 24-year-old forward faces a race to be fit for the two games on November 14 and 18 as he has battles back from an ankle injury . Medical reports confirmed he would be out of action for two more weeks and Real coach Manuel Pellegrini had said it would be "  impossible for Ronaldo to play with Portugal " and urged Carlos Queiroz to leave him out of the squad . Ronaldo has missed the Spanish side 's last eight matches after suffering an injury to his right ankle during the Champions League match with Marseille on September 30 , and then aggravating it while playing for Portugal in their World Cup qualifier against Hungary on October 10 . The former Manchester United star has since met with Dutch specialist Professor Niek van Dijk in Amsterdam after tests conducted by Madrid last Wednesday revealed that no improvement had been made on Ronaldo 's injury since undergoing an MRI scan a week before . Van Dijk , who operated the winger 's right ankle in the summer of 2008 , advised Ronaldo to continue his treatment before returning for a fresh evaluation in two weeks ' time . Portugal coach Queiroz revealed , however , that the injury would not stop him from naming Ronaldo in his 23-man squad and the forward admitted that not playing in South Africa would be a bitter pill to swallow . "  We have one more test left . We 'll have to qualify in our next two games and I ca n't possibly imagine a World Cup without Portugal in it , " Ronaldo told Real Madrid 's Web site . "  We are all united to achieve this goal . I believe we can be optimistic thanks to our will and talent . It would have been easier if our run in the qualifying round had been better , but it was n't to be . " Valencia full-back Miguel , Wolfsburg centre-back Ricardo Costa and Werder Bremen striker Hugo Almeida returned to the squad . Portugal take on Bosnia-Herzegovina in Lisbon on Saturday with the return leg in Zenica four days later . Meanwhile , Liverpool striker Fernando Torres has been left out of Spain 's squad for their international friendly with Argentina .	Cristiano Ronaldo has been named in Portugal 's squad for their World Cup play-off clash with Bosnia-Herzegovina Portugal coach Carlos Queiroz has selected the forward despite the objections of Real Madrid over Ronaldo 's injury problems Real coach Manuel Pellegrini had said it would be "  impossible for Ronaldo to play with Portugal " in the match
CNN  -- From a distance , it is its shiny exterior that first catches the eye . As you step closer , a rooftop solar panel , an outdoor security light and a roof overhang make Nosango Plaatjie 's shack stand out amid the sprawling cluster of makeshift wooden structures and rusty corrugated iron dwellings where her neighbors live . Welcome to the iShack , or improved shack , an innovative approach to housing that 's being tested in the windswept slum of Enkanini , just outside Stellenbosch , South Africa . The dwelling , developed by researchers at the University of Stellenbosch , is intended to raise the living standards of slum residents while improving their access to electricity and protecting them from extreme temperatures in an environmentally friendly way . Read : ` Solar sisters ' spreading light in Africa The iShack prototype is occupied by Plaatje and her three young children . It is fully equipped with a photovoltaic panel capable of producing enough electricity to power three lights , a mobile phone charger and an outdoor motion detector spotlight . Its windows are strategically placed to achieve better air circulation and sunlight heating , while the roof is sloped so that rainwater can be harvested during the winter months . Recycled cardboard boxes and old Tetra Pak containers are used for insulation between the exterior zinc surface and the interior , while a flame-retardant paint is used to lessen the risk of fires . Inside the shack , rows of recycled bricks create a sturdy flooring base and act as "  thermal mass , " protecting against temperature change . Plaatjie , a domestic worker employed once a week , says her family 's life has improved a great deal after relocating to the ecologically designed iShack . Their previous home was a cold , damp shack hastily put together from disused pallets and corroded zinc sheets . A leaking roof , bare earth floor and lack of windows made conditions even tougher , while the shortage of electricity meant that Plaatje would often miss out on important calls about work as she could n't always walk long distances to charge her phone . "  Now I am available all the time and it is helping me to make more money , " Plaatjie told iShack 's developers . She added : "  The solar -LSB- lights -RSB- are better . Now we do n't need to go to sleep early anymore because now we have lights . My daughter must do her homework now , she does n't have any more excuses . And I like the light outside because we can see what is going on , I feel safer . " Read : Harnessing pedal power to light up Africa According to U.N. Habitat , 62 % of the urban population in Sub-Saharan Africa lives in slums , which it describes as being typically characterized by deplorable living conditions , a feeling of insecurity and inadequate infrastructure for basic energy , sanitation and water services . In South Africa , thousands of informal settlements have sprouted up in recent decades on the urban perimeter . To deal with the pressing housing problem , the government has shifted its emphasis from building new brick and mortar houses toward in-situ upgrading of existing informal settlements and providing access to services . But the iShack 's developers say that slum dwellers usually have to wait for years for power and water grids or low-cost housing to arrive . They say that a growing housing backlog , coupled with budgetary constraints and a surge in urbanization rates , means that poorly serviced dwellings are likely to be part of urban living in South Africa for years to come . "  Shacks are becoming the new norm , " explains Andreas Keller , one of the developers of iShack . "  So what can we do today in order to improve the living conditions of people through energy intervention , lighting , cell phones , communication , upping security ? "  That 's where the planning comes in and the technology takes it one step further . " The developers say the project is a cost-effective solution that shows what communities can achieve in the short term . Excluding the solar power system , the iShack costs about 5,600 rand  $ 660  . The typical cost of a shack in Enkanini can vary from a few rand , when somebody collects materials at the landfill and carries them back to the settlement , all the way up to 5,000 rand  $ 582  on the informal real estate market , says Keller . "  The rationale is that over time the additional cost upfront will be recouped through reduced fuel bill -LSB- and -RSB- greater wellbeing , " he adds . Read : Cape Town takes on Tinseltown Now , thanks to a grant by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , the iShack project will be trialled over the next year . Up to 100 shacks will either be built or retrofitted to determine whether the system can be applied on a larger scale . Keller says that as the project grows , community members trained in maintaining and repairing the solar power systems will be able to sell affordable energy to other residents . This will help them earn a living and also pay for new batteries for the iShacks . "  We need to encourage the informal settlers , the slum dwellers , to invest into this infrastructure themselves , " says Keller . "  We can not rely on a passive population to simply sit there and expect governments to solve their problems , so we need to make sure that any investments that they 've made wo n't become redundant in the future . "	The iShack aims to improve living conditions for people in slums The ` shack ' is equipped with a solar panel that can power lights and a mobile phone charger The project will be scaled up using a grant from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation U.N. Habitat : More than 60 % of Sub-Saharan Africa 's urban population lives in slums
Iowa Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst canceled a meeting with the Des Moines Register editorial board Thursday , a move that the newspaper 's publisher and president described as "  rare . " Ernst was scheduled to meet with the editorial board Thursday morning and skipped out in a "  last minute " move Wednesday afternoon , Des Moines Register publisher Rick Green confirmed to CNN . "  I think that Iowa voters were cheated because of the fact that she did n't appear and have more of a chance to articulate details on her strategy , vision and long term priorities , " Green said . He said that her absence will "  not be the deciding factor " in which candidate the editorial board chooses to endorse in the race . The Braley campaign pounced on Ernst 's cancellation of the Register in a conference call Thursday afternoon , calling her move a "  major change in strategy for the Ernst campaign . " "  I know she made mistakes recently where she accidentally revealed her extreme positions ... but those are not good reasons to hide from an open conversation to help voters make decisions , " said Sarah Benzing , Braley 's campaign manager . "  It 's one thing to stick with talking points at events . It 's another to sit down with editorial board members and answer tough questions . " The Register endorsed Ernst in her primary election in May . The paper also picked Mitt Romney over Barack Obama in the 2012 presidential contest . A representative from the Ernst campaign did not return CNN 's request for comment on why Ernst did n't attend her meeting , but a campaign spokeswoman mentioned the Register 's editorials , many of which are critical of Ernst , in a statement to POLITICO . "  Recent editorials in the Des Moines Register make their position in this race perfectly clear , " spokeswoman Gretchen Hamel said . "  And it 's one that many voters across our state seem to disagree with . " Ernst , currently an Iowa state senator , is challenging incumbent Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley . The pair is locked in a tight race with a Quinnipiac University poll from Thursday morning showing Ernst leading Braley at 48 percent and 46 percent respectively . Ernst 's two point lead is within the poll 's margin error . Green said the Ernst 's last-minute decision to eschew the editorial board meeting was not unprecedented , but it was rare . "  Candidates do what candidates do , " he said .	Iowa Senate candidate Jodi Ernst skips out on meeting with Des Moines Register The paper 's publisher called the move "  rare , " but said it wo n't affect the paper 's endorsement . Ernst is in a neck-and-neck race with her opponent , Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley . The Braley campaign pounced on Ernst 's cancellation in a conference call Thursday afternoon
Riyadh , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- Nayef bin Abdulaziz , Saudi Arabia 's interior minister , has been named the new crown prince of the key oil-producing nation , ascending at a time of regional turmoil amid the populist Arab Spring movement and simmering international issues involving Iran and other neighbors . The news , following a royal decree signed by King Abdullah , was announced early Friday on state-run Saudi Television . The official Saudi Press Agency reported that the decree was issued the previous evening . Crown Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud , the king 's half-brother , died in a New York hospital on Saturday after being ill for some time . His funeral was held three days later in Riyadh . As was the case with his predecessor , the move makes Nayef bin Abdulaziz the heir to the Saudi throne . He will assume his new post at a tension-filled time in the Arab world . The longtime leaders of Tunisia , Egypt and Libya have fallen in recent months during the so-called Arab Spring , while those in Yemen , Syria and elsewhere are holding on to power despite continuing popular unrest . Violence remains a problem in neighboring Iraq , as well as Afghanistan . Iran , a longtime rival of the Saudi royal family 's , is still at odds with much of the international community over its nuclear program , among other issues . Before the announcement , Nayef had been considered a likely successor to his brother as crown prince . He was named in 2009 as second deputy prime minister , a post held by the second in line to the throne . Nayef has served as the Saudi interior minister since 1975 , having overseen the kingdom 's counterterrorism efforts . Saudi Arabia is one of the only countries that has truly dismantled a domestic al Qaeda network , said Christopher Boucek , a Saudi expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  Nayef is widely seen as a hard-line conservative who , at best , is lukewarm to King Abdullah 's reform initiatives , " read a classified U.S. Embassy cable leaked by the website WikiLeaks . In addition to his new title , Nayef will remain interior minister , according to Friday 's announcement . The Saudi Press Agency noted that he also has been appointed deputy premier , meaning he will officially hold three positions in the Saudi government . He and others met Thursday with a U.S. delegation that included Vice President Joe Biden , CIA Director David Petraeus and Sen. John McCain . Ascension to the Saudi throne is kept within the royal family , though it does not pass from father to son . Instead , it 's a complex process , and decisions in the conservative kingdom are often cloaked in secrecy . Nayef 's appointment follows the first-ever convening of the Allegiance Council , which the king established in 2006 to discuss and allow for more transparency on succession issues . The king made his decision after receiving their input . Afterward , Abdullah instructed Nayef 's fellow princes to pledge allegiance to him as the new crown prince . CNN 's Rima Maktabi contributed to this report .	NEW : Other princes were told , by the king , to pledge allegiance to Nayef , state media says NEW : Besides being crown prince , Nayef also will be deputy premier and interior minister A leaked U.S. Embassy cable described Nayef as a "  hard-line conservative " The previous crown prince died Saturday in New York
CNN  -- Federal investigators are looking into whether stowaways are tucked inside a shipping container aboard a vessel docked at a Newark , New Jersey , seaport . During a routine security check , a Coast Guard boarding team heard sounds coming from inside the container , prompting the investigation , according to Coast Guard spokeswoman Lt j.g. Fannie Wilks . "  There is no way to know exactly what is inside because we have not opened it yet , but we can knock on the container and hear someone knock back , " she said . "  Thus it is our understanding that there is at least one person in the container . " The Cyprus-flagged cargo ship -- which maintains about 2,000 containers -- last docked in Egypt , and had made a stop in Pakistan after originating in India , officials said . "  U.S. Department of Homeland Security law enforcement officers and agents are currently investigating allegations of stowaways , " said Anthony L. Bucci , a spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection . Inspectors first checked the ship around 3 a.m. Wednesday . Just prior to docking , the inspectors tapped on the bulkhead and heard something , said Coast Guard spokesman Charles Rowe . They "  tapped twice " and got "  two taps back , " he said . "  Tapped 3 times " and got "  three taps back , " Rowe added , a process done periodically over several hours as they investigated . But inspectors have n't heard the suspicious tapping since the ship docked at 8:30 a.m. Wednesday . The vessel -- which is named the Ville D' Aquarius and managed by Global Ship Lease Services Limited -- is not loaded with dangerous cargo , and the container in question is underneath several other containers , said Coast Guard spokeswoman Michelle Krupa . The operating transportation company is working closely with U.S. officials as they investigate the situation , said Darrell Wilson , a spokesman for CMA-CGM , a French-based firm considered the world 's third largest container shipping company . Captain , second officer jailed over New Zealand cargo ship disaster CNN 's Mary Snow , Kristina Sgueglia and Paul Caron contributed to this report	NEW : The operating shipping company is working closely with U.S. officials , a spokesman says The container is on a ship in port at Newark , New Jersey The Coast Guard says there may be stowaways inside a shipping container The U.S. Department of Homeland Security is investigating
CNN  -- A varsity football player from suburban New York high school died after colliding with an opponent during a game , a school official said . Tom Cutinella , a 16-year-old student at Shoreham-Wading River High School , suffered a serious head injury during Wednesday night 's game against Elwood-John H. Glenn High School , according to Suffolk County Police spokeswoman Joan Jesinger . Cutinella was transported to Long Island 's Huntington Hospital , where he died later , Jesinger said . He was the third high school football player to die in the last week , according to published reports . Jesinger said police were investigating Cutinella 's death . "  It was the result of a typical football play , " Superintendent Steven Cohen told reporters Thursday . "  It was just a freak accident . " Cutinella stood up after the collision and then collapsed , Cohen said . The player had been blocking for a teammate , Newsday reported . "  Right now , our focus is really on the suffering that Tom 's family and this community is going through , " Cohen said , adding that the issue of a possible concussion was a matter for later discussion . Cohen said Cutinella was "  beloved by everyone who knew him " and his death "  touched everyone in this community very deeply . " Cutinella excelled academically , had a great sense of humor and was a member of a peer-to-peer assistance program , Cohen said Shoreham-Wading River High School Principal Dan Holtzman said that a crisis team was assembled . "  We 've worked very hard to make the high school a very comfortable and family-like environment and the support that students are showing for each other today really demonstrates that , " Holtzman said . In Alabama , Demario Harris Jr. , 17 , of Charles Henderson High School in Alabama died Sunday -- two days after making a tackle in a football game , according to AL.com . The official cause of death was not immediately known . His father , Harris Sr. , wrote on Facebook : "  My family and me are dealing with a rough situation and we really appreciate everyone well wishes and prayers . And contrary to various media reports my son had a brain hemorrhage , not an aneurysm , that was caused by a hit he took during Fridays game . He may have had a pre existing condition but there is no way to tell now . " On September 26 , Isaiah Langston , a 17-year-old student at Rolesville High School in North Carolina , collapsed on the field before a game , according to CNN affiliate WTVD . On Monday , his family confirmed he had died . The official cause of death is not known but his older brother told WTVD that his collapse on the field "  had something to do with a blood clot in his brain . " 2013 : High school football player dies after tackle	A varsity football player dies after suffering game injury Tom Cutinella , 16 , was transported to a hospital and died later Police in New York say he suffered a serious head injury
Condoleezza Rice for vice president ? Before we go A-to-Z with pros and cons , let 's start with why Romney 's team might have floated the Condi trial balloon now . If you were anywhere near a television this week you saw Mitt Romney getting booed at the NAACP convention for saying he would repeal Obamacare . It was running on a virtual loop all over cable news . Romney draws boos from NAACP , support from conservatives Then , suddenly , an exclusive report about a black woman being considered as Romney 's running mate pops up on the Drudge Report . Report sparks speculation of Romney-Rice ticket GOP sources say Matt Drudge is the go-to guy for a top Romney aide when he wants to change a narrative about his candidate . Now that we 've gotten the "  why now " out of the way , why not explore Rice the running mate . By most Republicans ' accounts , at the end of this report , you will see why Rice will likely not be Romney 's pick The pros There are many , beginning with the obvious : She is a black Republican woman , a political two-fer . And having a female on the ticket would make the influential Ann Romney happy . Mrs. Romney told CBS News earlier this month that they have been "  looking at that and I love that option . " Rice has never run for office but she is no stranger to presidential politics . She was by George W. Bush 's side during both of his campaigns . She 's an intellectual known for her powerhouse smarts and she has a good personal story . Rice was the only child of a black family growing up in the segregated South , whose fortitude landed her in unlikely GOP foreign policy circles . Rice is also a bit of a Renaissance woman . She is a concert pianist with a love of football . Her real dream job is to be NFL commissioner . The former secretary of state and national security adviser would bring some needed foreign policy chops to Romney 's ticket . The cons She was a central Bush administration player making the public case for the Iraq war , warning about Saddam Hussein 's weapons of mass destruction that turned out not to exist . "  There will always be some uncertainty about how quickly he can acquire nuclear weapons . But we do n't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud , " Rice told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer in September 2002 . Some GOP sources tell CNN say they ca n't imagine Romney would want to reopen wounds from the Bush years -- especially about what even Republicans call a mismanaged war . Rice is also at odds with the GOP base on immigration , telling CNN 's Candy Crowley not passing her boss 's legislation allowing a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants was one of her biggest regrets . Last but hardly least is Rice 's stance on abortion . She calls herself "  mildly pro-choice . " This is the reason you can sum up social conservative reaction to the Rice trial balloon with one word : nonstarter . Veteran conservative voice Richard Viguerie , one of the founders of the Moral Majority , said the notion of Romney picking Rice as his running mate would be a "  slap in the face " to conservatives . While Viguerie took issue with Rice 's position on abortion , he said she was part of those to blame for Republican losses in 2006 and 2008 which gave rise to the "  tea party rebellion of 2010 . " "  Putting Condoleeza Rice at the top of the VP short list is an insult to the conservatives , tea partiers and independents that are looking for a break with the old establishment Republican Washington that Rice represents , " he said . Richard Land of the Southern Baptist Convention , a longtime friend of Romney 's , bluntly told CNN that Rice 's stance on abortion disqualifies her . "  I love Condi Rice , I 'd love to see her in any role in Romney administration except vice president , " Land told CNN in a telephone interview . The issue , he said , is n't so much Rice -- it 's Romney . Conservatives already mistrust Romney on abortion , since he was in favor of abortion rights when he was governor of Massachusetts , a relatively liberal state on the issue . "  It would give oxygen again to all of those concerns and doubts about whether the Romney administration will be there when it really counts . Is it -LSB- his abortion stance -RSB- a preference and a conviction ? " Land asked . He said putting Rice on the ticket would suppress conservative turnout . Rice speculation stokes conservative reaction "  What it would do is turn some activists and contributors into mere voters and turn some voters into fishermen , " he said . Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council agreed . "  I think the governor needs someone that undergirds his stated pro-life position because of policy positions that he 's taken when he was governor . He has since changed those positions to be clearly pro-life but to underscore that and to reemphasize that especially with social conservative voters , he has to have a running mate that has impeccable , impeccable pro-life credentials , " Perkins said . The Susan B. Anthony List , a leading anti-abortion group , already e-mailed around a clip of Romney during the GOP primary race last year saying that the running mate he would consider would be anti-abortion . "  I would expect that they would all be pro-life and pro-traditional marriage , " Romney said in September 2011 . Romney was more explicit on the campaign trail in February . "  My vice presidential nominee will be pro-life , " Romney said at a rally in Shelby , Michigan . Despite widespread suspicion about the late-night Rice-for-VP leak , GOP sources tell CNN some of Romney advisers are pushing for her -- so much so that a prominent evangelical leader told CNN he called the campaign last week to ask about it -- and warned that picking Rice would be a big mistake . Condi 's view The Bush albatross and her position on abortion aside , there is one big reason Rice the running mate is unlikely to happen : She does n't want the job . Rice has said this in more of an airtight way than other contenders being buzzed about . "  I can not imagine myself running for office , " she told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " in January . "  Not because politics are so tough , but it 's just not me . " "  There is no way that I will do this because it 's really not me . I know my strengths and Governor Romney needs to find someone who wants to run with him . There are many people who will do it very , very well . I 'll support the ticket , " Rice reiterated on CBS News last month . What is Rice 's response to the Drudge "  exclusive ? " This may speak for itself : She did n't respond to an e-mail and her chief of staff told us her past comments stand , and that she is on vacation and not available for further comment .	A Drudge Report exclusive has stoked speculation about Condi Rice as a potential VP pick Rice would be a political two-fer as a African-American woman running mate Rice 's support for abortion rights would by problematic for social conservatives Rice herself has said fairly decisively that she is not interested in the job
CNN  -- Defending champion Rafael Nadal cruised into the third round of the clay-court Rome Masters event with a 6-1 6-3 victory over Philipp Kohlshreiber . The world number three , seeking his fifth title in six years in the Italian capital , made just 11 unforced errors , compared to 28 by the German . Nadal , 23 , broke his opponent 's serve twice in a one-sided first set . The German world number 29 improved in the second set and missed a chance to take a 3-2 lead when he wasted his only break point of the match . Nadal , who has only ever lost once at the Rome Masters , broke in the next game and pressed on to take the match . Elsewhere , fifth seed Robin Soderling of Sweden beat Italian wild card Paolo Lorenzi 6-1 7-5 to reach the third round . The Swede smashed 32 winners as he wrapped up victory in less than one and a quarter hours . Guillermo Garcia-Lopez of Spain also progressed with a 6-2 6-3 win over former Wimbledon and U.S. Open champion Lleyton Hewitt . Second seed Novak Djokovic and fourth seed Andy Murray both reached the third round on Tuesday while world number one Roger Federer crashed out to Latvian Ernests Gulbis .	Rafael Nadal beats Philipp Kohlshreiber to reach third round of Rome Masters . The Spaniard wins 6-1 6-3 to stay on course for fifth Rome title in sixth years . Robin Soderling and Guillermo Garcia-Lopez also reach third round .
Washington  CNN  -- So there 's this guy , Barry , who seems pretty liberal . Used to smoke pot and does n't think it 's as dangerous as alcohol . Says he would n't let a son play pro football . Some call him one of those late Baby Boomers who believe they can save the world . Maybe he used to be , but the last year has been pretty tough and he 's sounding a bit more grounded these days when you actually sit down and talk to him . Barry could be any number of Americans -- an educated , white-collar guy having his idealistic vision blunted by midlife realities such as raising two daughters . In this case , he 's the President of the United States on the fifth anniversary of his inauguration as the nation 's first African-American commander in chief . An expansive profile by The New Yorker magazine shows Barack Obama as both impatient with and accepting of the political , social and personal limitations on his ability to achieve the bold hopes and dreams described in his now famous 2004 Democratic National Convention speech that elevated him to the national stage . "  I believe that we can give our middle class relief and provide working families with a road to opportunity , " he said that night in Boston . "  I believe we can provide jobs for the jobless , homes to the homeless , and reclaim young people in cities across America from violence and despair . I believe that we have a righteous wind at our backs , and that as we stand on the crossroads of history , we can make the right choices and meet the challenges that face us . " A decade later , now-President Obama bears the political scars and graying hair of five years in the White House , and David Remnick 's profile reveals the burden he carries . Obama would not let his son play football "  Every morning and every night , I 'm taking measure of my actions against the options and possibilities available to me , understanding that there are going to be mistakes that I make and my team makes and that America makes ; understanding that there are going to be limits to the good we can do and the bad that we can prevent , and that there 's going to be tragedy out there and , by occupying this office , I am part of that tragedy occasionally , " Obama says in the profile . He continues the thought by adding "  that if I am doing my very best and basing my decisions on the core values and ideals that I was brought up with and that I think are pretty consistent with those of most Americans , that at the end of the day things will be better rather than worse . " The profile , which included one-on-one interviews , made news on some issues . Obama revealed a middle-ground stance on pot , saying he warns his daughters against smoking it as he did , but also complaining that too many young people face lengthy prison terms for something he says is less dangerous to the user than alcohol . He has no son , but if he did , he would stop the boy from becoming a pro football player because of the chronic debilitating injuries , says the Chicago Bears fan . On political and policy issues , Obama acknowledges he completed his evolution from noncommittal to fully supportive of gay marriage before making his stance public in 2012 , a few months before his re-election for a second term . It was "  fair to say that I may have come to that realization slightly before I actually made the announcement , " Obama admits in the profile . "  But this was not a situation where I kind of did a wink and a nod and a 180-degree turn . " Regarding the trifecta of international negotiations involving thorny Middle East issues -- Syria , Iran 's nuclear ambitions and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict -- Obama concedes the chances for completing final treaties in any of them are less than 50 % . Obama says marijuana ` no more dangerous than alcohol ' "  In all three circumstances we may be able to push the boulder partway up the hill and maybe stabilize it so it does n't roll back on us , " he says in the profile . "  And all three are connected . I do believe that the region is going through rapid change and inexorable change . Some of it is demographics ; some of it is technology ; some of it is economics . And the old order , the old equilibrium , is no longer tenable . The question then becomes , ` what 's next ? ' " The theme of historical context and taking the long view runs through many of Obama 's remarks in the profile . While he spent the 2012 election campaign touting his accomplishments -- recovery from the recession , health care reform , ending the Iraq war and winding down combat operations in Afghanistan -- Obama sounds more reflective now after a first year in his second term mired in political stalemate with recalcitrant Republicans over immigration reform , gun control and the endless battles over spending and taxes . Referring to the famous line from the film version of Mario Puzo 's "  The Godfather , " Obama says that "  it turns out Marlon Brando had it easy , because , when it comes to Congress , there is no such thing as an offer they ca n't refuse . " While he ascribes some of the relentless political opposition he faces to race , he also points out that he gets some benefit as the first African-American President . "  There 's no doubt that there 's some folks who just really dislike me because they do n't like the idea of a black President , " Obama says . "  Now , the flip side of it is there are some black folks and maybe some white folks who really like me and give me the benefit of the doubt precisely because I 'm a black President . " He evokes the name and legacy of Abraham Lincoln in providing his own long view of both the role of a president and his own efforts in the Oval Office . "  Despite being the greatest president , in my mind , in our history , " he says of Lincoln , "  it took another 150 years before African-Americans had anything approaching formal equality , much less real equality . " To Obama , "  that does n't diminish Lincoln 's achievements , but it acknowledges that at the end of the day we 're part of a long-running story , " he says , adding : "  We just try to get our paragraph right . "	In a major magazine profile , President Obama emphasizes historical context Ten years after bursting onto the national scene , Obama 's vision sounds less lofty Still pushing for equal opportunity , he says in the end things will be better than worse Obama : Chances for final treaties in talks on three Middle East issues less than 50 %
CNN  -- Two University of Florida police officers were placed on leave with pay after using an electronic stun gun to subdue a student who was questioning Sen. John Kerry at a campus forum , the school 's president said Tuesday . Student Andrew Meyer is surrounded by university police in Gainesville , Florida , on Monday . But the student 's behavior and past activities are prompting questions about whether the incident was part of a stunt . The Florida Division of Law Enforcement will investigate Monday 's arrest of Andrew Meyer , said University of Florida President J. Bernard Machen . Machen called the incident "  regretful for us . " "  The thing that I regret is that civil dialogue and civil discourse did not happen , " Machen said . "  That 's fundamental to a university campus . Why it did n't happen is what we 're trying to sort out . " During Monday 's forum , Meyer came to the microphone to question the 2004 Democratic presidential nominee from Massachusetts . Watch the incident unfold " "  You will take my question because I have been listening to your crap for two hours , " Meyer told Kerry , according to the police report of the incident . He then turned to a woman and said "  Are you taping this ? Do you have this ? You ready ? " the report said . Clarissa Jessup , who contributed I-Report video of the incident to CNN , said Meyer gave her his camera and asked her to shoot video of him posing his questions to Kerry . Organizers had cut off questioning before Meyer went to the microphone , she said . Watch Jessup describe the incident Meyer asked Kerry why he did not contest his loss to President Bush in the pivotal state of Ohio over allegations that African-American voters were disenfranchised . Meyer also questioned Kerry about why he did not support impeaching Bush and whether he belonged to the Yale University secret society Skull and Bones , as Bush did . One of the police officers on the scene observed that Meyer was "  yelling as loud as he could as to sensationalize his presence , " according to the police report . Meyer had about a minute and a half at the microphone before police stepped in to haul him away . As he tried to escape their grip , Kerry protested , "  That 's all right , let me answer his question . " But as Meyer repeatedly questioned why he was being arrested , officers dragged him to the back of the auditorium and then used a Taser on him when he continued to struggle . While Kerry pleaded for calm , officers warned the student he would be shocked if he did not stop resisting . Meyer responded , "  What did I do ? Get off me ... get the f -- off me , man , I did n't do anything . Do n't Tase me , bro , I did n't do anything . " Police noted that his demeanor "  completely changed once the cameras were not in sight " and described him as laughing and being lighthearted as he was being driven to the Alachua County Detention Center . "  I am not mad at you guys , you did n't do anything wrong . You were just trying to do your job , " Meyer said , according to the police report . At one point , he asked whether there were going to be cameras at the jail , according to the report . Meyer was charged with resisting arrest with violence -- a felony -- and a misdemeanor count of disturbing the peace . He was released without having to post bond Tuesday . Machen said the clips posted online paint an incomplete picture of the scene . Watch the university 's reaction University spokesman Steve Orlando said before police moved in , Meyer was asked to relinquish the microphone because he was "  being disruptive . " But the arrest triggered a protest by a group of University of Florida students Tuesday . One of them , Benjamin Dictor , called the arrest "  an assault on reason itself . " "  For a question to be met with arrest , not to mention physical violence , is completely unacceptable in the United States , " Dictor said . Some students cheered Meyer 's removal , and others looked on quietly . But several screamed in protest when officers prepared to shock him . Meyer was carrying a business card advertising "  TheAndrewMeyer.com ` Speak My Mind , ' " the police report said . The Web site features videos of Meyer taking part in several practical jokes . It also includes a "  disorganized diatribe " that criticizes the war in Iraq and the media . The Web site said his friends had posted coverage of his arrest . In a statement issued Tuesday , Kerry said he did n't know a Taser had been used on the student until after he left the event , and said he hoped no one was injured . "  In 37 years of public appearances , through wars , protests and highly emotional events , I have never had a dialogue end this way , " he said . "  I believe I could have handled the situation without interruption , but again , I do not know what warnings or other exchanges transpired between the young man and the police prior to his barging to the front of the line and their intervention . " Machen said authorities have not determined whether Tasers were used improperly . In addition , he said a student-faculty review panel will examine "  all of our protocols relative to student dialogue and faculty interaction " in the wake of the incident . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	NEW : Student was "  lighthearted " once cameras were not in sight , police say Florida Division of Law Enforcement to investigate arrest of student University spokesman : Andrew Meyer was "  being disruptive " Some students protest arrest , call it unacceptable in the United States
CNN  -- The man who led Germany to a World Cup win both as a player and a coach admits he has lost faith in FIFA due to the way the voting process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments was handled . Franz Beckenbauer , a member of FIFA 's executive committee , criticized football 's governing body after the amount of votes each bidder received was made public . Beckenbauer was one of the 22 FIFA members who voted in the process and claims he was assured that the details would remain private . Yet soon after it was announced that Russia had won the right to host the 2018 competition , and Qatar had secured the 2022 version , media were reporting that two of the favorites , England and Australia , attracted just two votes and one vote respectively . It led to an angry reaction from representatives of the England and Australia bid teams and Beckenbauer acknowledges his faith in FIFA has been shaken as a result . "  I am disappointed with the way FIFA dealt with the result . The seven losing countries were treated disgracefully , particularly England and Australia , Beckenbauer told German newspaper Bild . "  All of us ExCo members were told ahead of the ballot that neither we nor the public would ever know the exact number of votes for each country . After each round of voting we were told only which country had been ruled out . "  Then , a few hours later , I was hearing from journalists what the exact voting had been . It 's certainly affected my confidence in FIFA . " England were particularly vociferous in their criticism of FIFA and claimed several committee members promised them votes that did n't materialize . Ron Walker , a member of the Australian Football Federation , claimed the voting process had been "  contaminated " in the year leading up to the announcement on December 2 . Beckenbauer was instrumental in taking the World Cup to Germany in 2006 having won the tournament as a player in 1974 and as a coach in 1990 . He announced in November that he will step down from his current role with FIFA in March in order to spend more time with his family .	Franz Beckenbauer says he 's lost faith in FIFA after the World Cup voting process Germany legend says losing bidders were treated "  disgracefully " Beckenbauer is to step down from FIFA 's executive committee in March
New York  CNN  -- Lil ' Wayne was sentenced Monday to a year in prison . The rapper , whose legal name is Dwayne Carter , pleaded guilty in October to felony gun charges as part of a deal with prosecutors . The charges stem from his arrest in 2007 outside New York City 's Beacon Theater . According to police , Carter had a .40 - caliber pistol on his tour bus . His attorney said it belonged to someone else . His sentencing was delayed twice -- first so he could get dental work done , including removal of his diamond-studded braces , then because of a fire at a Manhattan courthouse . At Manhattan Supreme Court on Monday , the room was packed with onlookers , while more people crowded outside . Carter was offered the chance to make a statement but declined , shaking his head . His attorney requested that Carter have protective custody while he is incarcerated . The attorney also requested medical attention because of his recent dental surgery . As Carter was leaving the courtroom , a fan said to him , "  Keep your head up , Weezy , " using the rapper 's nickname . Another man wore a T-shirt that said "  Free Weezy . " Carter also faces felony drug possession and weapons charges in Arizona . Lil ' Wayne is a multiplatinum-selling and Grammy-winning rap artist . His hits include "  The Block is Hot " and "  Lollipop . " His album "  Tha Carter III " was the top selling disc of 2008 . His latest album , "  Rebirth , " was released last month . CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report .	Lil ' Wayne , aka Dwayne Carter , pleaded guilty in October to felony gun charges Charges stem from his arrest in 2007 outside New York City 's Beacon Theater Lil ' Wayne is a multiplatinum-selling and Grammy-winning rap artist
CNN  -- Friday , President Barack Obama walked into the White House briefing room and gave the American people his thoughts on the Trayvon Martin case . His comments were striking in their honesty and in their personal nature . He did n't lecture . He was n't angry . He was reflective . He spoke about his personal experiences , and the shared experiences of so many others . He called for respect for the process and the verdict , but used the remarks as an opportunity to help others understand why so many people were angry . He said that 35 ago , "  Trayvon Martin could have been me . " He started a national conversation . And -- in the most predictable and disappointing fashion -- he became a lightning rod for criticism from his political opponents . Within moments of his speech , cable news and Twitter was full of comments from the right questioning the president 's motives and words . He was called divisive . He was accused of fanning the flames of discontent . Some said that by raising this issue , he was not being a president for everyone , just for African-Americans . Those criticisms could not be more sad . Nor could they be more off base . Because while Obama 's comments may have been focused on some of the racial divisions we face as a nation , to me his remarks were about so much more . They were about all of the divisions we face . There are far too many stereotypes and bigotries that divide us on a daily basis . Far too many people of different backgrounds who feel targeted , mocked , or looked down upon by others . Obama 's comments do n't just speak to the young black man who worries he 's being followed , or who sees other people look at him with fear . He spoke to the young Sikh-American man who is called a "  terrorist " on the street or stared at with fear for wearing a turban publicly . He spoke to the young Indian-American man , born and raised in this country , who is mocked and called a racial slur and told "  welcome to America " by a U.S. senator because his skin color is a little darker . He spoke to the servicewoman who wears our nation 's uniform but finds that the greatest threat might come from male colleagues . He spoke to the young woman who walks down the street and feels the need to cover up because of all the eyes "  checking out " her body . He spoke to the young Hispanic-American who is assumed to be an illegal immigrant just because of his or her last name . And yes , he spoke to the white Americans who feel fear that of being robbed when approached by a young black man . The fact is we do still have divisions in this country based on racism . And sexism . And ageism . And more "  isms " than any of us care to admit . So when the president says "  Trayvon Martin could have been me , " of course that 's somewhat about race . But not entirely . Those misconceptions about him and the fear Martin felt that night are all too familiar to way too many Americans . Trayvon Martin could have been any of us . Obama has been the recipient of more than his fair share of attacks . But Friday 's were -- for me -- some of the most disappointing I 've witnessed since he took office . Not everything needs to be a fight . We ought to be able to have nonpoliticized conversations about issues that are this important . Sometimes , rather than throw a punch , it might be more productive to just join the conversation . Friday was one of those days . And unless we have more conversations like the one the president advocates -- and until we realize it 's a conversation that we all are a part of -- we 'll wo n't every fully get to a place where we are finally judged purely on "  the content of our character . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mo Elleithee .	Mo Elliethee : Obama offered thoughts on Zimmerman case ; shared own experiences He says he was quickly criticized as racially divisive ; it 's sad how far from truth this is He says Obama was speaking to divisions we all face Elliethee : Not everything has to be a fight . Why not talk about issues ?
CNN  -- A day before Tuesday 's election , millions of people in key states already had cast absentee or early ballots despite long lines , legal disputes over poll procedures and damage inflicted by Superstorm Sandy . In Ohio , which may be the decisive battleground state , the deadline for early voting passed Monday afternoon . By Friday , more than 1.6 million of Ohio 's 7.9 million registered voters had cast ballots , either in person or by mail , said Matt McClellan , a spokesman for Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted . About 200,000 of the 1.3 million absentee ballots that had been distributed were still out , he said . Election officials are already facing a lawsuit over how provisional ballots -- issued to people whose eligibility to vote at a particular precinct was in question , or if they requested an absentee ballot but did n't return one -- should be filled out . Opinion : America 's voting system is a disgrace State law says poll workers need to note a voter 's drivers ' license number or the last four digits of a Social Security number on the ballot . But left-leaning groups say instructions Husted issued to election officials on Friday appear to indicate that writing down those digits is the voter 's job , not the poll worker 's , and warn that could result in votes being thrown out when provisional ballots are counted November 17 . A federal judge has set a hearing for Wednesday on the issue . But Husted , a Republican , said on Sunday that the process "  is consistent with the courts and consistent with the law . " "  We believe that this is the best way to make elections run successfully so that the most votes are counted , " he said . "  We believe it 's consistent with the law . We believe it 's the right way to run elections in Ohio . " Husted had already been taken to court for trying to cut off early voting in the three days before Tuesday , with Democrats accusing him of trying to suppress the votes of Democratic-leaning constituencies . Husted called that "  an absurd notion . " "  The rules are the same for everybody , " he said . "  They do n't target any one group or individual . What we 're trying to do is to make the system run fair and smooth for everybody . " Other eyes were on Florida , another vote-rich state where polls show President Barack Obama and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney running neck-and-neck . CNN Poll of Polls There were still long lines for early voting when the deadline passed over the weekend , so election officials in the state 's most populous belt -- Palm Beach , Broward and Miami-Dade counties -- allowed voters to pick up , fill out and submit absentee ballots . In Miami , the lines snaked around the block from the office of the county supervisor of elections ahead of a Monday afternoon deadline . Oscar Silvia said he cast a ballot within 20 minutes during early voting last week -- but when he came back to pick up an absentee ballot for his son , he spent more than three hours in the queue . "  It 's normal . It 's election time , " Silvia told CNN . "  No other option -- you do what you have to do . " Melinda Soliz spent more than four hours in line . But since she had been in a similar line four years ago , she had planned for a long wait . Tuesday , she predicted , "  is going to be worse . " "  I am really tired , but it is worth it , " Soliz said . "  Thank God it is n't every day . " Florida Republicans , led by Gov. Rick Scott , had pushed to cut the number of days available for early voting from 14 to eight . Democrats went to court to get that period extended , arguing the polling facilities in south Florida , a Democratic stronghold , were n't up to the demand . In the Northeast , the states hit hardest by Superstorm Sandy were trying to make accommodations for people who had been displaced by the storm or whose normal poling places had been knocked out of commission . In New York , Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Monday he has signed an executive order allowing people displaced by Sandy to go to any "  approximate polling place , " sign an affidavit add cast their votes for president , U.S. Senate or other races that would have been on the ballot in their own precincts . "  We want everyone to vote , " Cuomo said . "  Just because you 're displaced does n't mean you should be disenfranchised . " Lawrence Norden , an election expert at New York University 's Brennan Center for Justice , said he believes Cuomo 's move is allowable under state election laws . "  This is probably not ideal , " said Norden , the deputy director of the Democracy Program at the liberal-leaning Brennan Center . "  But given the dire circumstances , people should be allowed to cast their ballots . " Norden said it would be "  hard to imagine what the objection could be , " but said there is one potential downside : Voters might be left with the mistaken impression that they could vote on local issues or races in another district . And voters in some counties may get another day to cast ballots if the disruptions prevent enough citizens from showing up , state Board of Elections spokesman Thomas Connolly said Sunday . County election officials could ask to allow another day of voting if Tuesday 's turnout is less than 25 % , he said . The state board would consider the request and , if approved , a second day of voting would be scheduled within 20 days of Tuesday , he said . New Jersey lets Sandy victims vote via e-mail Polls would be open for 11 hours on the second day , with only those who were eligible to vote on Tuesday allowed to cast ballots . Nassau County Elections Commissioner William Biamonte expects a "  significant drop-off " in the turnout on Long Island , which saw extensive flooding when the storm hit October 29 . In New Jersey , where Sandy made landfall , residents displaced by the storm will be allowed to vote by e-mail or fax , the first time civilians have been allowed to cast ballots remotely . New Jersey 's announcement allows people who have been forced to leave their communities , as well as emergency workers working with disaster-relief efforts away from home , to do the same . "  This is n't like , ` Hell , I feel like staying at work tonight , let me fax my vote in . ' No , no , no , " Gov. Chris Christie told reporters Sunday . "  This is if you have been displaced from your home by the storm . This is also not , ' I got evicted for not paying rent -- I 'd like to vote by fax . ' No . " The state is also consolidating polling places that have lost power or are cut off with others that are up and running , said Ernest Landante , a spokesman for New Jersey Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno . In many states , remote electronic voting is already available to members of the military and U.S. citizens living overseas . But experts have raised concerns about the security of electronic voting in the past . New Jersey officials did not explain how they will authenticate e-mails or faxes from voters . But Christie quipped Sunday that there would be "  no more voter fraud in New Jersey than usual . " "  Nothing 's different because we 're giving people different modes to be able to vote , " he said . "  I do n't think it 's any more susceptible to fraud than the system is already . " And anyone who tries "  better hope they do n't get caught , because if they do , we 'll make an example of them . " The presidential race is n't expected to be close in New York or New Jersey , both longtime Democratic strongholds in national politics . Know your polling place And offshore , the Navy said it would help any sailors and Marines aboard the helicopter carrier USS Wasp who had planned to vote on Tuesday get their ballots cast . The ship had been at sea on a training mission when Sandy formed , and it was then dispatched to the New York/New Jersey area to assist with relief efforts . Many of the roughly 1,100 aboard were registered to vote in their hometowns rather than in the counties around the ship 's homeport of Norfolk , Virginia , so their votes had likely been cast and mailed already . For those registered in Virginia , the Navy is working to get them a federal write-in ballot that will be transferred back to shore , Lt. Commander Chris Servello told CNN . CNN 's John Zarrella , Kim Segal , Ram Ramgopal , Larry Shaughnessy , Jason Kessler , Bill Mears , Don Lemon and Brandon Griggs contributed to this report .	NEW : New York governor says voters can cast ballots in any precinct NEW : "  I am really tired , but it is worth it , " says a woman in line In Miami A judge will hear arguments over provisional ballots in Ohio on Wednesday New Jersey allows electronic ballots for storm-stricken towns
New York  CNN  -- One of the motorcyclists believed to have played a direct role in the beating of SUV driver Alexian Lien in New York has been identified , a law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN late Thursday . He 's not yet in custody ; however he 's expected to be soon . The biker is suspected of being the man seen on video using a helmet to pound on the side of the black Range Rover before Lien was dragged from the vehicle , beaten and slashed , the official said . The video seems clear : An SUV driver hits a biker on Manhattan 's West Side and sets off a violent chain of events . But now , a debate is raging over who should shoulder the blame for this disturbing attack . Soon after the helmet cam video of the confrontation spread online , most people 's sympathies lay with the driver of the Range Rover , Lien . Online commenters seemed to side with him . He was swarmed by a motorbike gang . He had his wife and 2-year-old daughter in the car . He did what he had to do to protect them , they said . But now , supporters of the bikers being vilified for the weekend attack are pleading their case . They gathered Wednesday night outside the Manhattan hospital where one of the bikers , Edwin Mieses , lies comatose . He was run over by the SUV as the driver tried to escape . "  It is an unfortunate situation on both sides , " said Lexie Filpo , who said she was one of the bikers . "  I knew that car seemed reckless from the beginning . From when he first jumped on the highway . When things happened , people were telling him to stop , to slow down , and he never did . "  The officers , they want to arrest the bikers ; they should arrest the driver as well , " Filpo said . A group of bikers gathered again Thursday and appealed for calm . "  We , as bikers , have the burden of showing the world that we are not animals and so that 's what we intend to do , " Albert Alkerson told reporters . "  These are not animals . These are people who enjoy riding bikes . What we need to do is figure out how to make sure that this does n't happen again , " he said . Official : Biker may have been trying to help SUV driver Swarmed by bikers The incident took place on Manhattan 's West Side Highway on Sunday . Police said a man driving a Range Rover struck a motorcyclist who had slowed . Previous reporting indicated that the impact broke the motorcyclist 's leg , but New York police Sgt. Lee Jones said Wednesday that the biker sustained only minor injuries . Lien , the driver , pulled over and was surrounded by other bikers , part of a group called Hollywood Stuntz . They hit the vehicle and spiked its tires , police said . The driver pulled away , plowing into three more bikers , including Mieses . The bikers chased him . Once he was stuck in traffic , they cornered the SUV . The video shows one biker using his helmet to smash the driver 's - side window . Police said the bikers dragged Lien out of the SUV and beat him . His wife and daughter were unharmed . Lien was treated at a local hospital for slashes to his face . Lien 's family released a statement Thursday through its attorneys , saying he was "  forced under the circumstances to take the actions that he did in order to protect the lives of our entire family . " He and his wife were out to celebrate their wedding anniversary with their daughter when the incident happened , according to the statement . "  We know in our hearts that we could not have done anything differently , and we believe that anyone faced with this sort of grave danger would have taken the same course of action in order to protect their family , " the statement said . Lien initially called 911 on Sunday afternoon to report that bikers were driving erratically on the West Side Highway . As the confrontation unfolded , additional calls were logged by 911 operators , including one from Lien 's wife that was placed during the attack , police said . Jerome Davis said he witnessed a part of the confrontation and described the SUV driver as a "  maniac . " "  If something happens , you stop right there . It 's an accident . You think and stop . You do n't keep reacting on , " he told CNN 's Erin Burnett on Wednesday . But on CNN 's "  New Day " Thursday , Davis said , "  Two wrongs do n't make a right " and said it was clear the SUV driver was afraid . "  If I was in his shoes , I 'd be scared , " he said . Opinion : In attack , can bikers get a fair shake ? No charges against driver Police have not said that they are seeking any charges against Lien . But they arrested Christopher Cruz , who is seen slowing in front of the Range Rover before he was bumped . Cruz , 28 , was in court Wednesday on misdemeanor charges including reckless driving . Cruz 's attorney told reporters that his client is not guilty . Cruz was to be released after posting $ 1,500 cash bail and a $ 15,000 insurance bond . In addition , his license was suspended , and he was ordered to surrender his passport . "  His motorcycle was struck , and he stood right there , " Cruz 's attorney H. Benjamin Perez said . "  He never assaulted this man . He never tried to assault him in any way . And he does not know any of the other motorcyclists who were involved in this beating . " A second arrested biker was released Wednesday when authorities determined that he may have been trying to help . Allen Edwards , 42 , originally faced charges of reckless endangerment , criminal mischief and menacing , police said . But that did n't mean prosecutors were done . "  Prematurely charging individuals with low-level crimes does not further the goals of the investigation and could weaken the cases we expect to bring against the perpetrators of serious crimes , " said Karen Friedman-Agnifilo , the prosecutor who is overseeing the case . "  After we investigate the facts and each person 's individual actions , we will know what charges can be supported by the evidence . There is still a tremendous amount of investigation to be done . " The New York Police Department released images and asked for the public 's help in identifying and locating suspects . NYPD detectives have interviewed the motorcyclist whose helmet cam captured the confrontation , according to Deputy Commissioner John McCarthy . They tracked the unidentified biker to his home in Bellport , Long Island , and have the video . Police are also looking at a 2011 video that shows a separate case of biker violence . In it , riders appear to surround and antagonize a motorist . Law enforcement officials said they are examining the footage frame by frame , looking for possible patterns . Standing vigil Mieses ' family says the real victim of the confrontation is the hospitalized biker . "  All of his ribs are fractured . His lungs are so badly bruised that he 's still on a ventilator , " Yolanda Santiago , his mother , told CNN affiliate WCBS . His wife , Dayana , told CNN affiliate WBZ that Mieses got off his bike to help the SUV driver . "  And whatever he did , he got scared , he peeled off , and he paralyzed my husband on the way , " she said . At the vigil Wednesday night , the attendees raised almost $ 400 . CNN 's Lateef Mungin , Pamela Brown , Susan Candiotti , Kevin Conlon and Marina Carver contributed to this report .	NEW : The motorcyclist is not in custody ; he 's expected to be soon , source says The family of the SUV driver says he did what he had to do to protect his family Bikers chased the SUV , slashed its tires , forcing the driver to stop , police say Another motorcyclist has been arrested on misdemeanor charges
CNN  -- Unable to rescue a man devoured by a giant sinkhole , workers started demolishing his Florida home Sunday -- three days after the ground under his bedroom opened up and swallowed him . Crowds watched as a backhoe plunged its bucket into the home 's blue walls , leaving the wreckage of wood beams and cinder blocks where rooms once stood . Some snapped photos with cell phone cameras , said John Gauntt , a reporter for CNN affiliate Bay News 9 . Others turned toward the ground with tears in their eyes . Demolition of the house lasted for about three hours on Sunday and was expected to continue on Monday morning , Hillsborough County Administrator Mike Merrill told reporters . It was a delicate process , officials said , as a county employee skillfully maneuvered a massive piece of construction equipment to scoop up the family 's valuables and carry them to safety . The items salvaged included a Bible , military awards and an American flag that hung near the house 's front door . One woman wept as an official handed her a framed family portrait . The demolition crew worked for only a few hours on Sunday to give the family time to sift through their belongings , Merrill said . But authorities said they could n't recover Jeff Bush 's body from the massive hole that opened up under his bedroom . The sinkhole -- about 20 feet wide and 50 to 60 feet deep -- was still expanding , they said , and the suburban Tampa house could collapse at any time . Authorities made the heartbreaking decision to stop the search for Bush after the odds against his survival became abundantly clear . "  We just have not been able to locate Mr. Bush , and so for that reason , the rescue effort is being discontinued , " Merrill told reporters Saturday evening . "  At this point , it 's really not possible to recover the body . " The Bush family 's nightmare began Thursday night , just as everyone was about to go to sleep . A deafening noise shattered the peace in the blue , one-story home in the suburb of Seffner . Then , Jeremy Bush said he heard his brother , Jeff , scream . "  I ran toward my brother 's bedroom , " he told CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  Everything was gone . My brother 's bed , my brother 's dresser , my brother 's TV . My brother was gone . " Jeremy Bush jumped in the hole and frantically shoveled away rubble . But as the house 's floor collapsed , a sheriff 's deputy pulled him to safety , while his brother remained trapped below . "  I could n't get him out , " Jeremy Bush said , weeping . "  I tried so hard . I tried everything I could . " Sinkholes : Common , costly and sometimes deadly Jeremy Bush and four others , including a 2-year-old child , were uninjured . After officials called off the search for his brother 's body Saturday , Jeremy Bush told Bay News 9 the family was devastated . "  It 's not just I lost my brother . There are so many memories in this house , " he told the CNN affiliate . "  My wife and her brother and the whole family . ... Every holiday , we gathered at this house . Her grandmother passed away . All the stuff to remember her by is in this house , and we 're losing it all . You ca n't replace that . You ca n't replace a life being gone . " As crews began demolishing the house Sunday , pieces of the family 's lives were pushed into public view . Walls with picture frames on them came crashing down . Baby toys and clothes on hangers were raked across the ground . Knocking down the unsafe structure is necessary , officials said , to get a better look at the sinkhole and to figure out the best way to fill it . "  Once they can get a better view , then they can get a sense of what the next step is . ... This is one step at a time , because we really do n't know what we 're dealing with here , " Merrill said Sunday morning . Sinkholes are common in the state , according to the Florida Department of Environmental Protection . Florida lies on bedrock made of limestone or other carbonate rock that can be eaten away by acidic groundwater , forming voids that collapse when the rock can no longer support the weight of what 's above it . Hillsborough County , on Florida 's west coast , is part of an area known as "  sinkhole alley " that accounts for two thirds of the sinkhole-related insurance claims in the state , according to a Florida state Senate Insurance and Banking Committee report . With officials concerned that more ground near the house in Seffner could give way Sunday , the massive backhoe demolishing the house kept its distance , staying on the street . Nearby homes were evacuated Friday as a precaution . The family that lived next door was given about 30 minutes to grab belongings before abandoning the house , which was compromised by the sinkhole , fire department spokesman Ronnie Rivera said . Though the risky search for Jeff Bush has ended , the danger has not . Merrill said workers were dealing with a "  very unusual sinkhole " -- deep , wide and extremely unstable . "  It 's underground , it 's unseen and we 're uncertain as to what 's under there , " said John Lyons , the county 's director of public works . "  So we 'll be very cautious going in . " Contractors will finish demolition work on Monday , he said . "  They 'll pull out the rest of the structure , load it up and take it away . " But authorities said Jeff Bush 's body will remain in its final resting place , trapped underground where the house his family lived in for generations once stood . Check out the latest news from CNN.com CNN 's Jake Carpenter , Dana Ford and Brian Carberry contributed to this report .	A large backhoe demolishes part of the house and scoops valuables to safety Crews recover a Bible , military awards and an American flag from the wreckage Work to demolish a Florida home where a sinkhole opened up will continue Monday , authorities say "  It 's really not possible to recover the body " of Jeff Bush , a county official says
CNN  CNN  -- Veteran DJ and TV personality Jimmy Savile , who entertained generations of British children on television and radio , has died at the age of 84 . Savile was one of the most recognizable figures in British showbiz from the 1960s to the 1980s , presenting shows on BBC TV and radio . He was the first host of the BBC 's hugely popular "  Top of the Pops " music show , and his own program , "  Jim 'll Fix It , " ran for almost 20 years . The show saw him helping to grant the wishes of hundreds of children , "  fixing it " for them to take part in episodes of their favorite TV shows , sing with chart-topping bands , and meet their heroes . In the most famous "  fix , " he arranged for an entire Cub Scout troop to eat their lunch on a roller-coaster as it sped around its track -- with predictably messy results . At the height of its popularity , the BBC says , "  Jim 'll Fix It " attracted up to 20,000 letters a week . A colorful character , Savile was as well known for his bright tracksuits , chunky jewelry and cigars as he was for his catchphrases : "  Now then , now then , " and "  How 's about that then ? " which were much copied by impressionists . Mark Thompson , Director-General of the BBC , said he was "  very sad " to hear of Savile 's death . "  From ` Top of the Pops ' to ` Jim 'll Fix It , ' Jimmy 's unique style entertained generations of BBC audiences . Like millions of viewers and listeners , we shall miss him greatly . " Savile was also well known for his fund-raising efforts , and ran several marathons for charity . He was awarded a knighthood for his charitable work . Savile 's body was found at his home in Leeds , northern England , on Saturday . Police were called to the scene , but said they were not treating his death as suspicious . UK media reports said he had recently been hospitalized suffering from pneumonia .	Jimmy Savile entertained generations of British children on TV and radio Best known for ` Top of the Pops ' and ` Jim 'll Fix It ' ` Jim 'll Fix It ' saw him grant wishes of children who wrote in to show Colorful character famous for chunky jewelry , tracksuits and cigars
CNN  -- Chelsea returned to the top of the English Premier League on Saturday , but it gave manager Jose Mourinho little hope that his side can win the title . The Portuguese , who was triumphant in the first two seasons of his first spell at the London club , remains adamant that Manchester City still hold the advantage . Chelsea 's 3-0 win over Stoke put Mourinho 's team a point above Liverpool , who travel to West Ham on Sunday , with City another point back after a similarly comprehensive 4-1 victory against eighth-placed Southampton earlier Saturday . Manuel Pellegrini 's team , who have already won the English League Cup , have two games in hand on Chelsea . "  We have five matches to play in the Premier League and we have to try to win all five , " said Mourinho , who returned to Stamford Bridge last year after leaving Real Madrid . "  We do n't depend on ourselves and we never did . I was waiting for the moment where we could be top of the league and depend on ourselves and I was waiting for that moment to say , ` Yes , now , we are candidates because we depend on ourselves , ' but that never happened . "  With Liverpool we have to play against them , so we have one match we have three points to discuss with them -- with Manchester City we do not play so they have their destiny in their hands and the only thing we can do is to continue to win matches . " Egypt winger Mohammed Salah gave Chelsea the lead in his first start since signing in January , then won a penalty from which Frank Lampard followed up his own saved attempt to net his 250th career goal . Brazil midfielder Willian wrapped up the win with 18 minutes left . While Chelsea may still be involved in the Champions League , albeit nursing wounds after a 3-1 defeat away to Paris Saint-Germain in midweek , City 's focus remains on a second domestic title in three seasons . "  We are enjoying a very good second round of fixtures where the results are much better than the first half , " Pellegrini said after City moved six points clear of fourth-placed Arsenal . "  We 've had four wins and one draw in our last five games -- maybe we had low performances in the month of February and at the start of March but I think that now the team has come back to its best performances . " Manchester United moved up to sixth place with a 4-0 win at Newcastle , but Tottenham could reclaim that position from the defending champion by beating bottom club Sunderland on Monday . Former Chelsea star Juan Mata scored twice for United , who face Bayern Munich in the second leg of the Champions League quarterfinals on Wednesday , while Mexico striker Javier Hernandez and Adnan Januzaj also netted . It lifted more pressure off manager David Moyes , who rested several key players following his team 's 1-1 draw with European champions Bayern in the midweek home leg . "  The focus could only be on this game but you could see we 've left a few players at home and not played a few players , and we are hoping they will be fit for Wednesday night 's game at Bayern Munich , " he said . Fulham moved off the bottom of the table with a 2-1 win at Aston Villa , who were missing top scorer Christian Benteke due to an injury that rules the Belgium striker out of the World Cup . West Brom grabbed a crucial 1-0 win at Norwich that put both clubs level , five points above the relegation zone . Hull moved up to 12th with a 1-0 win over Swansea that left the Welsh team in a nervous position above the bottom five . Crystal Palace moved up to 14th with a 3-0 win at second-bottom Cardiff .	Jose Mourinho plays down Chelsea 's chances of winning English title Blues two points above third-placed Manchester City after Saturday 's win City have two games in hand following 4-1 win over Southampton Liverpool can return to top of table with win at West Ham on Sunday
Shortly before she and her family went into hiding , Anne Frank gave some of her toys to a friend for safekeeping -- a tin of marbles , a tea set and a book . Anne had regularly played with Toosje Kupers on the streets of their Amsterdam neighborhood and tasked her friend with looking after her treasured possessions . The next part of the story is well known -- the Frank family 's suffocating experience of spending 25 months in cramped quarters , hiding from Jewish persecution by the Nazis . The world learned the harrowing tale in Anne 's own words , written in her now widely read diary . Now , some 70 years later , Frank 's colorful marbles have been rediscovered and will go on display for the first time at a World War II exhibition in Rotterdam . "  Anne gave these to her friend for safe-keeping , " Teresien da Silva , head of collections at the Anne Frank House museum , told CNN . "  She kept them for when Anne returned , but Anne did not return . " Kept in a box Frank 's account of hiding in Amsterdam during World War II , published posthumously in English as "  Anne Frank : The Diary of a Young Girl , " has moved millions of readers across the decades . The young girl , with her parents and sister Margot , had moved into a concealed apartment on July 6 , 1942 -- the "  Secret Annexe " on the Prinsengracht Canal . Only a small circle of helpers knew of their whereabouts , and the family lived in fear of being discovered . They were betrayed , arrested and deported in August 1944 . Frank died of typhus in Bergen-Belsen just weeks before the Nazi concentration camp was liberated in 1945 . Kupers had kept the belongings , only finding them decades later when moving just over a year ago . "  She discovered she had the marbles somewhere at home in the attic , " da Silva said . "  She immediately contacted us . ... We were thrilled that the marbles survived and had been kept . She decided to give everything to the Anne Frank House -- the book , the tea set and the marbles . " Treasured marbles The Anne Frank House Museum has already displayed the book , which Frank received for her 13th birthday , as well as the tea set , da Silva said . "  But we decided to present the marbles for the first time in Rotterdam , " she said . The marbles , alongside 99 other objects , make up the exhibition The Second World War in 100 Objects , which opens to the public this week . Dutch king Willem-Alexander will open the exhibition Tuesday . Da Silva said Frank was one of many Jewish children who gave away their toys before going into hiding or being deported . "  For children during that time , marbles were a treasure . They worked very hard to win them , " she said . While the marbles are old , she said , they are in good condition . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Anne Frank gave her toys to a friend for safekeeping before going into hiding Her friend kept the possessions for some 70 years The box of marbles will go on display at a World War II exhibition This is the first time the colorful marbles will be shown to the public
CNN  -- Rebecca Privitera desperately wanted to lose the excess weight she had carried around her entire life . In 2010 , she had the opportunity to do it when her employer organized a company weight loss challenge . But when she lined up to weigh in , Privitera realized the scale would n't hold her 381-pound frame . "  They wanted me to go down to shipping and receiving and get on the shipping scale , " she says . She refused . However embarrassing this moment was , it was n't enough to prompt Privitera to change . A couple of months later , in early 2011 , the Cabot , Arkansas , native was put on bed rest because her blood pressure was too high . Doctors gave her three blood pressure medications and an anti-depressant . Read Rebecca Privitera 's story on CNN iReport "  I was out of work for about four weeks , " Privitera remembers . "  They were afraid I was going to have a stroke . " Before going on bed rest , she had bought a wedding dress . By the time the dress came in , it was too tight to wear . Privitera had to have a second dress specially made overseas . Instead of a dream night , Privitera 's wedding in April 2011 felt like a nightmare . "  I was hot and a sweaty mess , " she says . "  I was so overweight and so uncomfortable . I was miserable . I could n't stand it . " A few weeks after her wedding , Privitera 's new mother-in-law asked her to join her in a 5-kilometer run . It took her an hour and 14 minutes to complete . "  My body was physically hurting ; I did n't want to do it anymore , " she says . "  I hit rock bottom . " Father 's nursing home inspires son to lose weight After the race , Privitera and her husband , Justin , had an honest conversation . He told her they could n't afford weight loss surgery or food supplement programs , and she would have to lose weight the old-fashioned way . She agreed and embarked on a journey to lose more than 200 pounds in just over two years . Her first step was to get active . Privitera invested in cardio DVDs and started working out at home . She felt too embarrassed to go to a gym and felt that personal training was too expensive . "  The videos showed results that gave me hope , so I gave it a shot , " she says . In the beginning , she was losing 10 to 12 pounds a month . She posted her results on Facebook and the overwhelming response from her friends and family pushed her to continue exercising . After losing about 65 pounds , Privitera started to modify her eating habits . She started looking up calorie counts for meals before going out to eat in order to make smarter choices at restaurants . She also began to create healthier versions of meals at home using better ingredients . Privitera was obese her entire life . Her parents divorced when she was 12 years old . Her mother worked two jobs and struggled to make ends meet . "  A lot of our food choices came out of a paper bag -- I lived on fast food , " she remembers . There were days during her high school years when she would eat McDonalds for breakfast , lunch and dinner . She recalls being able to eat an entire half-gallon of mint chocolate-chip ice cream in one night . She was a 16-year-old who weighed more than 300 pounds and developed a blood clot in her leg . Even with this serious medical issue , she still made poor nutrition choices and her weight continued to balloon into adulthood . ` From Fatman to Ironman ; ' Dad loses 135 pounds Now , more than two years into her weight-loss journey , Privitera is incorporating new foods into her diet . "  I 've followed meal plans with food like quinoa and asparagus , " she says . "  Until recently , I had never had Brussels sprouts before . " Privitera approaches this journey as exactly that -- a journey . She allows herself to indulge once in a while , reminding herself if she wants something she can eat it , just not all the time . Instead of focusing on calorie restriction , she focuses on eating reasonable portions of healthy foods . "  You have to balance it out , " she says . "  You ca n't extreme diet for the rest of your life . " She credits her success to the support of her husband and family , but also to the community of people around her . The majority of her 211-pound loss has come from exercise done right inside her home . She has used programs such as TurboFire and Beachbody , and is now on her fourth round of P90X . She 's developed friendships and found accountability partners in the people who use the online message boards for these at-home programs . Privitera works out six days a week , taking Sunday off , and spends anywhere from 30 minutes to two hours a day exercising . She has been able to avoid any physical setbacks by training safely and not over-exerting herself . She has continued to use home videos because it keeps her from making excuses to miss workouts . "  I hate being pressed for time , " she says . "  Working out at home , I get up and get started . " She has faced a lot of mental road blocks that nearly made her give up . During these times she has had to rely on people like her mother-in-law to tell her that she has what it takes to keep going and accomplish her goals . Her motivators have inspired Privitera to become a motivator for others . Privitera says she has helped other women lose a combined 200 pounds by motivating them on Facebook , Instagram and through online communities like the ones she uses . She also regularly teaches a cardio-kickboxing class at a local community center . About a month ago , she spoke to a class of high school students . She told them that overweight teenagers can make small choices now that will make a world of a difference in their lives . "  One young lady shared that she eats two double cheeseburgers , medium fries , a medium Sprite and three cookies from McDonalds every single night , " Privitera recalls . "  She had no idea how many calories and how much fat there was in it . " Her weight loss success has inspired the people closest to her . Privitera 's husband has started his own program and lost 35 pounds . She says this experience has brought them closer together . "  My husband sees that I have a real passion , " she says . Justin says he 's mostly surprised by her new attitude . "  She is more positive , upbeat and always looking on the bright side of things , " he says . "  It inspires me every day to do better . I 'm very lucky to have a wife like her . " Privitera set out to complete 13 races in 2013 , including three 10Ks . Her 13th race of the year was in late October and it was a big one : her first half-marathon . She completed the race with her mother-in-law by her side the entire time . Unlike their first race together , this time she wanted to do it and not give up . "  I cried after I finished this half-marathon , " she says . "  You look for that moment when you cry and think , ` I 've done something that some people can not do . ' " No magic bullet for keeping off the pounds	Rebecca Privitera lost 211 pounds in just over two years At her peak weight , she was 381 pounds ; now she weighs 170 Her husband , Justin , told her she had to lose weight the old-fashioned way Privitera has lost most of her weight by completing in-home exercise DVDs
CNN  -- The charge is rather routine -- an Iowa man was arrested over the weekend , accused of operating a vehicle while intoxicated , according to a police report . What makes this case unusual are the passengers that police in Dubuque say were with him : a parrot on his shoulder and a zebra in the back seat . "  They love going for rides , " John Reiter 's girlfriend , Vicky Teters , said to CNN affiliate KCRG . "  We treat them like our kids . They come in the house , we take them outside and take them for walks . We take them for car rides , " Teters told KCRG . "  They go and get the mail with me . " Dubuque Police Lt. Samuel Baxter told CNN that quite a few people called in to alert the police about a "  zebra and parrot trapped in a vehicle parked at a bar . " Officer Chad Leitzen described in his report what he saw as he arrived : "  I did observe two white male subjects in the front of the vehicle . I also observed a zebra in the back seat of the vehicle and a parrot on the driver 's shoulder . " Leitzen then conducted a breathalyzer test that he said Reiter subsequently failed with a blood alcohol content of .148 . The legal limit in Iowa is .08 , according to Iowa 's Department of Transportation website . Reiter was arrested Sunday and held overnight , while the zebra and parrot were taken safely to a friend 's house .	Police in Dubuque , Iowa , say they found a zebra and a parrot in vehicle John Reiter is charged with operating a vehicle while intoxicated His girlfriend , Vicky Teters , says of the animals : "  We treat them like our kids "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Torrential rains and floods in Pakistan have killed 30 people , and 50 others are missing , a paramilitary official said Friday . More than 30,000 people have been affected by flooding , mainly in Pakistan 's southwestern Balochistan province , said Murtaza Baid , spokesman for the Frontier Corps . Water swept away four villages and severely damaged others . Medical camps and shelters have been set up for victims , and 900 troops are helping doctors and emergency teams in rescue efforts . Flooding has also been reported in southern Punjab province . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Torrential rains have flooded parts of southwestern Pakistan More than 30,000 people have been affected Hundreds of troops are assisting in rescue efforts
CNN  -- Foster the People has done what many bands strive to do : make commercial indie-sounding pop , which is kind of an oxymoron , like "  jumbo shrimp " or "  daily special . " "  We 've grown up on the Beach Boys and the Beatles and Blur and Bowie and the Clash . Also E.L.O. and Hall and Oates , " said the trio 's frontman , Mark Foster . "  Those are all artists who write songs that are accessible but still left of center . It 's intelligent pop . There 's still something different and complex about it . That 's our favorite type of music to make . " Foster 's old day job as a jingle writer proved to be great training ground for creating punchy hooks . The Los Angeles-based group is now up for a pair of Grammys : Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group for their smash single "  Pumped Up Kicks " and Best Alternative Album for their debut CD , "  Torches . " On the evening CNN interviewed Foster the People backstage at L.A. 's Wiltern Theater , the guest list was an inconceivable mix of Taylor Swift , a couple of kids from "  Glee " and Jerry Cantrell from Alice in Chains . While the other guys looked forward to seeing Swift at their show , Foster seemed more impressed by Cantrell . "  When I was a kid and started playing the guitar , that 's who I listened to , and I learned how to play the guitar because of that guy . So it 's crazy that he 's coming , " he said , shaking his head . "  But you never know who 's going to be here , especially when you play L.A. Gene Simmons  of KISS  was at our last show , which was pretty crazy . " But counting a couple of hard rock icons as fans is n't as random as one might think . Lurking beneath the shiny bubble-gum surface of Foster the People lies a dark theme or two -- particularly in "  Pumped Up Kicks , " in which a teen shooter tells potential victims they 'd "  better run , better run , faster than my bullet . " Other songs seem to be an internal running dialogue in Foster 's head . The band 's current single , "  Do n't Stop  Color on the Walls  , " is a pep talk to push creative boundaries and seize the moment . Foster , bassist Cubbie Fink and drummer Mark Pontius recently spoke with CNN about what this moment in time is like for Foster the People . CNN : You guys got together as a band in 2009 . It 's been a fast ride . Mark Foster : I think it 's funny , because we 've all worked towards a career in music for a long time . For so many years , it was slow , playing in front of rooms full of 10 people and trying to get your friends to come -- begging your friends to come -- telling them you 'll pay for their parking . Just whatever you could do to get them in there . And then all of a sudden , it kind of took off . It 's been a fast incline , so we 've had to just work really hard , keep our heads down and just stay grounded . At the same time , we 've had a lot of fun during the process . CNN : I hear Bono is a fan . Foster : Yeah , the last time we played in Dublin , we ended up at Bono 's house and had dinner with him and got to hang out with him for a few hours . We just talked about music and art and poetry and just all the things that you maybe expect Bono to talk about . We walked away and were really inspired . Cubbie Fink : I missed the Bono experience . It was on our day off in Ireland , and I just turned my phone off and kind of relaxed . I ended up turning it on in the afternoon and seeing 25 missed calls and a hundred texts saying , "  Hey , we 're going to the BBQ . Come with us . " I missed it . Foster : But you did get to watch a rugby game , did n't you . Fink : Soccer . CNN : Are you critical when you hear your songs on the radio ? Foster : I think now I just kind of turn the station off when the stuff comes on . I was hanging out with a girl in New York , and we were in a cab , and "  Pumped Up Kicks " came on , and she told the cab driver , "  Hey , can you turn this rubbish off ?! " It 's like , "  Thank you . She 's reading my mind . " CNN : On the surface , your songs sound pretty happy-go-lucky . But some of them are pretty dark , like "  Pumped Up Kicks , " which is about a teenager with a gun . Foster : I like to write about real-life topics , and I like to write about different walks of life . For me , that song was really an observation about something that 's happening in the youth culture these days . I guess I wanted to reveal that internal dialogue of a kid who does n't have anywhere to turn , and I think the song has kind of done its job . I think people are talking about it , and it 's become a point of conversation , which I think is a really healthy thing . CNN : Did you feel like outsiders in high school ? Foster : I experienced bullying a lot . I was an only child , and I was kind of a small kid with a big mouth , and so I always got myself in trouble . So I grew up kind of having to scrap . And I grew up in Cleveland . It 's pretty blue collar , and kids know how to fight there , so that was a real thing , for sure . Fink : The whole youth violence thing hit pretty close to me . My cousin was part of the ordeal at Columbine . She was actually in the library when everything went down , so I actually flew out to be with her the day after it happened and experienced the trauma surrounding it and saw how affected she was by it . She is as close as a sister , so obviously , it affected me deeply . So to be able to have a song to create a platform to talk about this stuff has been good for us . CNN : What 's inspiring you guys these days ? Foster : I 've been thinking a lot about the political state of where we 're at right now . There 's a lot I 'm not happy about and would love to talk more about it . I think that musicians have a voice that is sometimes louder than anyone else 's voice , in a sense . Also , doing charity work and humanitarian work is something that we 've been really into on this last tour . We 've teamed up with the Do Good Bus , which followed us around . We 've done something with local charities in every city that we 've stopped in , so I think going into the  next  record , we 'll see where things are at . But we 're also a new band , and we do n't want to get too bleeding heart too early . I think you have to keep it about the music for a while before you start preaching too much . CNN : What do you have up your sleeve for Foster the People 's second record ? Foster : We 're going to try to continue to push the envelope . A lot of what we 've learned touring this year is that the percussion element of what we do live is something that we 'd love to bring into the studio and do more of on our second record . And just pushing the envelope with the electronic music and also working on some classic songwriting , which we have n't really put our much of yet . I like classic soul , so we 'll see . It 's going to be interesting . CNN : Before Foster the People took off , you all had some odd jobs . Mark Pontius : We were delivery boys at one point , funny enough , delivering coffee and cheese to Larry King sometimes just down the street . We all had weird , odd jobs , and living in L.A. , struggling to be a musician is tough sometimes , and you just want to give up . But you got ta stick to it . Foster : At the same time , those odd jobs , sometimes looking back , were the most fun times that I 've had , as well . But when you 're in it , it sucks .	"  It 's been a fast incline , so we 've had to just work really hard , " Mark Foster says "  The last time we played in Dublin , we ended up at Bono 's house , " he says "  The whole youth violence thing hit pretty close to me , " Cubbie Fink says
CNN  -- Kevin Chapman , the college graduate student who led the team that recently unearthed Civil War artifacts at the site of a Confederate prison in Georgia , recalls two visitors who came one day to watch one of the digs . Doug Carter of Fayetteville , Georgia , and Nina Raeth of North Augusta , South Carolina , traveled in April to Magnolia Springs State Park , unaware of each other and the bond they shared . Carter brought a "  fowling " shotgun that belonged to his great-grandfather , Jesse Taliaferro Carter , who was a Confederate prison guard at Andersonville and Camp Lawton , site of Chapman 's work . Raeth , a great-granddaughter of a Union prisoner who also was at Andersonville and Lawton , came out of curiosity . "  It was kind of a magical day , " said Chapman , a student at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro . Since then , Carter and Raeth have become good friends , sharing research and family stories . Jesse T. Carter was only 17 when he went off to war . After serving as a guard he was wounded in battle in South Carolina and ended the war at Columbus , Georgia . He died in 1924 . Raeth 's ancestor , Sebastian Glamser , was a German immigrant who moved to Little Sandusky , Ohio , a few years before the Civil War . He served with the 37th Ohio , Company F. "  Doug has been such a source of information for me , " said Raeth , who grew up in Michigan . Her great-grandfather was captured in Atlanta in July 1864 . After serving time in the prison camps , he was paroled in Virginia . He died in 1911 . Part of the family lore is how Glamser tried to hang on while in prison . One of his few possessions was a lice comb . "  He loaned it  to other prisoners  for a ration of food , " Raeth said . The descendants noted that both inmates and guards suffered late in the war . "  They shared a deplorable condition , " said Carter . "  They were both American soldiers . " Chapman , 36 , said the chance meeting amplified what an archaeological excavation is really about -- understanding the lives and circumstances of the people who left personal belongings behind . "  It 's huge , " Chapman said of the discovery of the stockade 's exact location and the first 200 artifacts . "  This was a very scientific survey , " said the Summerville , Georgia , native . Chapman was the star of Wednesday 's formal announcement of the major find . Carter and Raeth also were on hand . "  He realized he was on to something that was the work of a lifetime , " said Mark Musaus , deputy regional director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , which recently hired Chapman to work part time as an archaeological technician . Chapman and fellow Georgia Southern students used strings , posts and grid patterns to work a tree-covered site on the grounds of Bo Ginn National Fish Hatchery next to Magnolia Springs State Park near Millen . In addition to the low-tech equipment , which included shovels , they also employed high-tech ground-penetrating radar and LIDAR , a device that studies soil beneath vegetation . Chapman and Sue M. Moore , an anthropology professor at the university , said they did n't expect to find artifacts . Their target was pinpointing the camp 's stockade . Matt Luke , another student on the team , said technology one day will allow visitors to use devices to get a virtual look at artifacts and models of structures . For example , a visitor to the dig site could use a smart phone that would bring in GPS coordinates to show a model of the stockade wall . So far , Chapman said , the students are unearthing many artifacts in clusters , indicating they may have been left in tents or shelters . The discovery at Camp Lawton is expected to boost tourism in economically struggling Jenkins County as well as awareness of the anthropology program at Georgia Southern University , about a half hour south in Statesboro . "  It gives us visibility if nothing else , " said Moore . "  I 'm just ecstatic my students were involved . " Aptly , Chapman 's background has elements of the military and of corrections . He served in the U.S. armed forces in Bosnia , learning the importance of the small things , like the bent picture frame he found at the Lawton site . "  It reminds me of the things you left behind , " he said . He also works part time as a bail bondsman at Akins & Sasseen Bonding Co. in Statesboro and has worked at the Bulloch County Jail . "  Prisoners have not changed much over time , " Chapman said . "  They 've always improvised . "	Doug Carter and Nina Raeth have become friends after meeting at site of Camp Lawton Graduate student Kevin Chapman led the archaeological team in the field He says artifacts provide insight to Civil War prisoners ' life and circumstances
CNN  -- President Obama seems determined to launch a two-front war with the new Republican Congress . The bigger news has been about his threatened executive order on immigration . The White House , however , has also indicated a determination to greet the new Senate majority leader from coal country with a series of very expensive environmental regulations necessitated by the climate agreement he announced with China . Before he takes these steps , President Obama should take a few days off and read a couple of books about President Woodrow Wilson 's last two years in office . There are a lot of parallels between the two presidents . Both were college professors . Both liked to hide on a golf course  Wilson holds the record having played more than 1,000 rounds as President  . Both were powerful orators . Both had deeply held convictions . Both disliked the Congress . The collapse of the Wilson presidency after the 1918 midterm defeat is a cautionary tale for President Obama . Republicans gained 25 seats in the House and five seats in the Senate , enabling them to control the Senate by a narrow 49-47 margin . Wilson did not seem to realize how powerful that Senate control was , even if by a close margin . He also did not realize how deeply senators feel about their prerogatives and constitutional authority . Obama determined as ever to bypass Congress Wilson 's reaction to the new Republican Senate was to defy it . He went off to the peace conference of Versailles which ended World War I with no Republican senators in the delegation . He wrote the League of Nations treaty  the forerunner to the United Nations  refusing to compromise with Republicans in the Senate . When the Republicans insisted on adding some limitations to the treaty , Wilson fought them . He went to the country and launched a nationwide speaking tour . The tension and exhaustion led him to collapse with a stroke on October 2 , 1919 . The incapacitated president was protected by his wife , who in effect ran the administration until he left office . The American people repudiated Wilson by an enormous margin in the 1920 elections . Republican Warren Harding won 404 electoral votes and more than 60 % of the vote . In the House , Republicans gained 62 seats for a 302-131 majority . In the Senate , Republicans gained 10 seats for a 59-37 majority . President Wilson had presided over the destruction of the Democratic Party -- and it did not become competitive again until the Great Depression a decade later . President Obama seems determined to reject the American people . He set the terms for this election on October 2 at Northwestern University when he declared that his "  policies were on the ballot . " The American people took him at his word and defeated Democrats at every level . When the President 's party loses the Senate , additional seats in the House , a number of governorships , and almost 300 state legislators , the American people have spoken . Republicans today have more state legislators than any time in the party 's history . Republicans also control more state legislative bodies than any time in their history . Republicans have very likely tied and may surpass their post World War II high-point in membership in the U.S. House , making Speaker Boehner the most successful Republican Speaker in electoral terms since Longworth in the 1920s . If the president 's opponent reaches those kind of high-water marks after a 160-year history , something big is happening . Pollster Kellyanne Conway reports that 74 % of last week 's voters wanted President Obama to work with Congress rather than unilaterally issue an executive order on immigration . Gallup reports that 53 % of the American people want the new GOP Congress to set priorities while only 36 % favor President Obama setting the priorities . This is a striking decline for the President from 2012  Obama is down 10 percentage points and Republicans are up 11 points in two years  . If President Obama defies the will of the American people , he will destroy the Democrats ' chances in 2016 . Democrats in 2014 had to hide from Obama . By 2016 , at this rate , they will have to repudiate him . That would all but guarantee their party 's defeat , with a party descending into internal strife and the pro-Obama hard-liners fighting with anti-Obama Democrats who just want to survive . Hillary Clinton would find it a nearly impossible environment for a campaign . There are more immediate consequences to an Obama war on Congress . The Congress will fight back , and the Congress has more tools to fight with than the President does  the spending power , committee hearings and oversight power , and taking votes , to name a few  . Congressional tools are so extensive and so misunderstood that they deserve their own column . It will be interesting to see how the White House reacts to the new Congress . Outgoing majority leader Harry Reid has protected the President from a lot of difficult choices by controlling the Senate so tightly . As a result , President Obama and his team may not even fully understand the disaster they could be creating by declaring war on Congress . Reading of Wilson 's catastrophic experience might temper the Obama White House . If not , the new Republican Congress will defeat it . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Newt Gingrich : President Obama may take steps that would inflame GOP in Congress He says executive action on immigration , coal industry regulations would be confrontational Gingrich : Obama should study career of Woodrow Wilson , who fought and lost vs. Congress
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal is known as the undisputed king of clay with seven French Open titles to his name -- but the Spaniard was given an almighty scare in the quarterfinals of the Monte Carlo Masters Friday . Nadal , who has won the past eight editions of the tournament , was made to fight all the way by Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov before eventually prevailing 6-2 2-6 6-4 . It was the first time the 26-year-old had dropped a set at the tournament since 2009 as he racked up a 45th consecutive match victory in the French principality . That record had looked in doubt until his opponent began to suffer with cramp in his leg , allowing Nadal to emerge victorious . But despite working his way back to fitness following a seven month absence with a knee injury , Nadal admits he still lacks match sharpness . "  I did n't play tennis for seven months , " he told reporters . "  I 'm losing little bit intensity of the match for moments . "  That 's normal after being a lot of time outside of the competition . I played for a month , then I stopped for another month . I need time to play with top rhythm for the whole match . "  I was playing great at the first set , playing my best level . So that 's the most important thing . " Nadal was spotted playing with taping on his back , but he refused to elaborate on the problem when asked . He added : "  I 'm happy to be in the semifinals , I played the best with what I had . It 's normal have problems on the back , on the shoulder , on the elbow . " Dimitrov , 21 , is rated as one of the most exciting prospects in world tennis and for a while looked set to become the first man to defeat Nadal in Monte Carlo since 2003 . The 11-time grand slam winner was given a stern examination by the man ranked 34 in the world , who eventually succumbed after suffering pain in his left leg . "  It 's a tough loss , I think I gave everything I had today , " Dimitrov told reporters . "  Today he obviously showed why he 's the best not only on that surface , I believe , but he 's one of the best out there . " Nadal will now face France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , who saw off Stanislas Wawrinka 2-6 6-3 6-4 in his quarterfinal tie . Wawrinka , who defeated Andy Murray in the previous round , fought off four match points before eventually being swept aside . "  It 's an incredible challenge , " Tsonga told reporters of his upcoming contest with Nadal . "  He 's won eight times here . Anything I might achieve will be just a bonus for me . "  I no longer have any pain in my legs , because I know I 'm going to play a player that 's a lot better than I am on clay . "  I do have some weapons ; I have everything to win and nothing to lose . " Top seed Novak Djokovic overcame his troublesome ankle problem to see off Finland 's Jarkko Nieminen 6-4 6-3 . "  My ankle is getting better and better , " Djokovic told reporters . "  The pain is subsiding and that is very important for me . I just hope to play a good match tomorrow . " The Serb will face Italy 's Fabio Fognini in the last four after he defeated France 's Richard Gasquet in straight sets .	Rafael Nadal qualifies for semifinal of Monte Carlo Masters Nadal will face France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in last four World No. 1 Novak Djokovic to play Italy 's Fabio Fognini Serb star confirms ankle injury is improving following latest win
CNN  Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen says he has found the wreck of a long-lost World War II Japanese battleship near the Philippines . The philanthropist posted images on Twitter that appeared to show the Musashi , once one of the two largest warships in the world . The discovery was made aboard his superyacht , the MY Octopus , as part of an expedition that Allen launched . The search has taken Allen and his team of researchers more than eight years . The images and video were taken by an unmanned submersible deployed from the vessel . "  Since my youth , I have been fascinated with World War II history , inspired by my father 's service in the U.S. Army , " Allen said in a statement . "  The Musashi is truly an engineering marvel and , as an engineer at heart , I have a deep appreciation for the technology and effort that went into its construction . I am honored to play a part in finding this key vessel in naval history and honoring the memory of the incredible bravery of the men who served aboard her . " He used his Twitter account to publicize the find . In one tweet , he said one image showed the bow of the ship , which features a distinctive chrysanthemum -- the flower is the emblem of Japan 's royal family -- and a huge anchor . The other underwater photograph shows one of the Musashi 's valves on which the Japanese characters for "  main valve handle " and "  open " are legible . He said the writing on the valve was proof that the ship was of Japanese origin . The director of Japan 's Kure Maritime Museum told CNN after viewing the information posted by Allen that it appeared that the vessel was the Musashi , although further pictures were needed to know for sure . The Musashi was one of two Yamato-class battleships constructed by the Imperial Japanese Navy . Launched in 1940 , it was , at the time , the largest class of warship ever constructed , displacing more than 69,000 tons . The Musashi sank on October 24 , 1944 , during the Battle of the Sibuyan Sea , part of the Battle of Leyte Gulf , in the central Philippines . According to U.S. Navy documents , torpedo planes from U.S. aircraft carriers scored at least 10 hits on the battleship over the course of four hours . Navy dive bombers also hit the ship 16 times , but it was the torpedo hits that doomed the Musashi . "  She went down by the bow , capsizing when the forward flying  U.S. forecastle  deck was submerged , " said the Navy report , based on survivor accounts . Two of those survivors , the executive officer and the chief engineer , told how they escaped the sinking . "  The executive officer swam off from one of the upper levels in the tower . He saw the propellers as Musashi disappeared , " the Navy report said . "  The chief engineer climbed over the side amidships as Musashi lurched to port . He walked and scrambled around the girth against the roll , climbing over the bilge keel . Finally , he was thrown off into the water and swam away to port . There were no explosions . " More than 1,000 of the Musashi 's crew were killed during the battle and sinking . The 1,300-plus survivors were taken aboard by other Japanese warships , according to the U.S. Navy report . Allen said that his superyacht , the MY Octopus , had found the wreck at a depth of around 1 kilometer  3,281 feet  . A statement released by Vulcan , Allen 's company , said that the team combined historical data with advanced technology to narrow the search area , and that Allen had "  commissioned a hypsometric bathymetric survey of the ocean floor to determine the terrain " before searching the area with a Bluefin autonomous underwater vehicle . Kazushige Todaka , the maritime museum director , said that , given the location and the depth at which the wreck was found , he was "  90 % sure " that the ship was the Musashi . "  I was really surprised because the location of the sunken ship has never been identified since it went down . I have heard countless stories in the past that the ship was discovered , but they all turned out not to be true . " Todaka said Allen 's team had been in contact with the museum about the ship 's potential location and its expedition . "  It 's a wonderful discovery , if it 's true , as we have long been looking for the battleship , " he said . "  It 's fateful that the discovery was made on the 70th anniversary of  the end of  World War II . The memory of the war has been fading away after 70 years , and the survivors of the war are disappearing . It is very meaningful discovery and a good chance for us to remind ourselves about the war and its tragedy . " He added that images of the entire body of the ship will be needed to be 100 % sure that the discovery is indeed the Musashi . The Vulcan statement added that the team is "  mindful of the responsibility related to the wreckage of the Musashi as a war grave and intend to work with the Japanese government to ensure the site is treated respectfully and in accordance with Japanese traditions . " Since leaving Microsoft , the company he co-founded in 1975 , billionaire Allen has immersed himself in a variety of commercial and charitable pursuits . He is the owner of several U.S. sports teams -- including the Seattle Seahawks -- and backed SpaceShipOne , the prototype commercial spaceplane that won the 2004 Ansari X Prize . His estimated net worth is $ 17.5 billion , according to Forbes magazine . CNN 's Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	Japan 's Musashi was once one of the two largest warships in the world A team led by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen makes discovery of the ship Maritime museum director says he 's "  90 % sure " the ship was the Musashi
CNN  -- The Central Americans crossing the U.S. border in massive waves have been described as immigrants or refugees . The distinction is significant and could determine whether the migrants are subject to deportation to their home country or eligible to remain in the United States under asylum . What is an immigrant ? An immigrant is someone who chooses to resettle to another country . The United States has a legal process for that immigrant to seek legal residency and eventually citizenship . Many immigrants , however , do n't have such legal status and are thus undocumented . As such , they are subject to "  removal " or deportation from the United States . There are 11 million undocumented immigrants in the United States -- a problem that has led Democrats and Republicans alike to declare the U.S. immigration system as "  broken . " Congress has been deadlocked for years on how to reform immigration laws . "  Migrants , especially economic migrants , choose to move in order to improve the future prospects of themselves and their families , " the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees says . "  Refugees have to move if they are to save their lives or preserve their freedom . " What is a refugee ? A refugee is someone who has been forced to flee his or her home country . As such , refugees can apply for asylum in the United States , a process that could take years . Getting refugee status is n't easy . The applicants have to prove that if they return to their home country , they 'll be injured because of their race , religion , nationality , membership in a particular social group or their political opinion . "  Refugees are generally people outside of their country who are unable or unwilling to return home because they fear serious harm , " the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services says . The Central Americans overwhelming the U.S.-Mexican border are Hondurans , Guatemalans and Salvadorans . Many are fleeing drug - and gang-fueled violence back home . Is the violence -- any kind -- grounds for a refugee claim ? Not necessarily . The violence has to be targeted to a person specifically , and that 's where things get complicated . Every case is different , and because of a law signed by President George W. Bush in 2008 , children fall into a special class . The William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Action Act , named after a 19th century British abolitionist , is designed to crack down on the global child slave trade . The U.S. law ensured that children who came to the country got a full immigration hearing instead of being turned away or sent back . The hearing would determine whether the children had a valid claim for asylum . The law is now cited as one cause behind a projected 90,000 children from Central America and Mexico who will cross the U.S. border alone or with other children this year , a huge increase over the 39,000 that the Border Patrol detained last year . Asylum is a protection available to people who are already in the United States or are seeking admission at the U.S. border . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	The distinction can determine deportation from U.S. or the chance to stay under asylum An immigrant chooses to resettle to another country A refugee is forced to flee his or her home country Getting asylum in the United States is n't easy and could take years
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Members of a Russian doomsday cult barricaded themselves in a cave to wait out the end of the world as the cult 's leader underwent psychiatric exams Thursday , Russian media reported . The cult , which calls itself the "  true Russian Orthodox Church , " believes the world will end in May . The cult leader is in police custody awaiting proceedings on charges that he set up an organization "  whose activity is associated with violence on citizens and instigation to refuse to perform their civil duties , " according to the state-funded Itar-Tass news agency . Four children are among 29 cult members holed up in a ravine in Russia 's Penza region , where they apparently dug a cave . One of the children in the cave is 18 months old , reported Itar-Tass . Temperatures in the cave are below 54 degrees Fahrenheit  12 degrees Celsius  , the Russian news agency reported . The cult members have refused law enforcement requests to come out or release the children , and they have threatened to commit suicide if police resort to force , according to Russian state television . The cult , which calls itself the "  true Russian Orthodox Church , " believes the end of the world will come in May 2008 . Prosecutors announced Thursday they are opening criminal proceedings against the cult 's leader , Father Pyotr Kuznetsov . Kuznetsov , 43 , is "  under the supervision of investigators , " Olig Troshin , a Penza prosecutor , told Itar-Tass . A law enforcement source in Penza told the Russian news agency Interfax that Kuznetsov "  is being examined by psychiatrists . " Several clergymen , police officers and agents of the Russian Ministry for Emergency Situations are outside the cave . "  It is obviously some kind of insanity , " Mitropolitan Kirill , a high-ranking Russian Orthodox Church official , told Russian television . "  It is perhaps even a medical case . A very dangerous phenomena is happening in Russia 's religious life . " He added , "  What we 're seeing in Penza right now is a most vivid example of what could happen to a country , to a society , if this society is deprived of proper religious education . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	Four children , one 18 months old , are among cult members holed up in cave Cult leader to face charges he set up a violent organization , news agency reports News agency : Cult members have threatened to commit suicide if police use force The "  true Russian Orthodox Church " believes end of the world is coming in May
The Internet is a vast and seemingly limitless space , but it 's no match for PSY . "  Gangnam Style , " the South Korean pop star 's enduring video phenomenon from 2012 , has surpassed 2,147,483,647 views on YouTube , maxing out the site 's original view counter . "  We never thought a video would be watched in numbers greater than a 32-bit integer  = 2,147,483,647 views  , but that was before we met PSY , " wrote Google , which owns YouTube , in a blog post this week . " ` Gangnam Style ' has been viewed so many times we have to upgrade ! " For anyone who does n't have an advanced degree in computing , that basically means YouTube 's view counter was based on a 32-bit integer , a unit of data in computer programming languages , and the number 2,147,483,647 is its maximum positive value . When programmers built YouTube nine years ago , they probably never imagined that a video on the young platform -- back when several million views was considered a smash hit -- might be watched more than 2.1 billion times . As of late Wednesday morning , "  Gangnam Style " had breached the barrier , showing more than 2,152,512,000 views . So how is this possible ? YouTube 's software engineers saw the problem coming and recently updated to a 64-bit view counter across the site , Google spokesman Matt McLernon said . The view counter can now go up to 9 quintillion views  9,223,372,036,854,775,808 , to be exact  , which should hold PSY for a while . "  Nothing actually broke , " McLernon said . "  There was never anything that actually went wrong . It 's just people having fun with the language . " Still , it 's an impressive feat for PSY 's trademark horse-riding dance video , which is almost 2 1/2 years old . Uploaded in July 2012 , "  Gangnam Style " was the first clip to hit a billion views and is the most-watched video of all time . It was even the No. 5 most-played video on YouTube this past summer , McLernon said . "  People still play this video an absurd number of times , " he said . To commemorate the occasion , YouTube has added a new wrinkle : If you hover your cursor over the "  Gangnam Style " view counter , the numbers spin backwards and forwards . In 2012 : Gangnam is new YouTube king	"  Gangnam Style " has maxed out YouTube 's original video-view counter The clip , by South Korean pop star PSY , has surpassed 2,147,483,647 views YouTube has been forced to upgrade its software in response
CNN  -- Referring to two American hikers in custody for more than two years , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told reporters Tuesday : "  I am helping to arrange for the release in a couple of days so they will be able to return home . " The semi-official Mehr News Agency quickly echoed the president with a headline , "  Iran 's Judiciary agrees to release two U.S. citizens on bail . " Within 24 hours , however , the Shiite clerics who run Iran 's legal system seemed to pour cold water on hopes of a quick release by declaring the "  request to release two U.S. citizens on bail was under study . " They went on to warn the media and the United States that "  only reports published by the judiciary could be trusted . " At first glance these developments present the Iranian president as a loose cannon , adding to his reputation as a Holocaust denier and 9/11 conspiracy adherent . All those characterizations do apply to Ahmadinejad . But the recent twist in the hikers ' plight reflects more than an erratic chief executive or a regime in Tehran that lacks coordination . It represents the latest skirmish in an increasingly high-stakes battle for the future of Iran 's politics and society . At the heart of the tussle between Ahmadinejad and his former clerical mentors is the question of whether the Islamic republic and its system of velayat-e faqih , or governance by an Islamic jurist , should endure or be discarded as a disastrous experiment just as a previous attempt by clergymen to rule Iran failed during the Persian Empire of antiquity . Regarding those hikers , the Iranian government 's executive branch , including its Foreign Ministry , lobbied publicly for dropping the charges . Ahmadinejad and his appointees , like many other Iranians , see little to gain from continued imprisonment of the two Americans . The presidential office has more pressing matters -- such as a deteriorating economy -- that demand attention . It needs a deal with the West that allows oversight of Iran 's nuclear program by the International Atomic Energy Agency in exchange for a lifting of sanctions that would permit foreign capital and goods to reinvigorate local business . The executive branch also has bigger fish to fry ideologically -- its officials realize many Iranians are tired of the Islamic Revolution and of paying for the negative implications of preserving theocracy . So Ahmadinejad and his appointees have learned from the protests of 2009 and launched their own rebellion within the governing elite . Mullahs who subscribe to Shiite fundamentalist politics endorsed Ahmadinejad for the presidency in 2005 , expecting him to implement their will through the executive branch . They even went along with much-contested results of the 2009 presidential election despite Ahmadinejad 's increasing disregard of mandates from Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and the theocratic branch of the government , hoping he could be forced to toe their line . What the mullahs did not fully realize until recently is that Ahmadinejad and his supporters have little reason to be loyal to Khamenei and other clergymen for the system of velayat-e faqih is closed to nonclerics . Rather than ascribe to Shiite fundamentalism , as do members of the theocratic and judicial branches of Iran 's government , Ahmadinejad , his chief of staff and close confidant , Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei , and those who support them have been championing Iran 's past . They laud prophets , kings and poets such as Zarathushtra , who preached the world 's first monotheism in the second millennium B.C. ; Cyrus the Great , who founded the first Persian Empire in the sixth century B.C. ; and Ferdowsi , who composed the country 's national epic in the 11th century -- referring to that past as the "  school of Iran . " Islam pales when compared to those achievements and so does the theocratic state of modern Iran , they insist . Not surprisingly the mullahs have begun denouncing Ahmadinejad and his appointees as a "  deviant current " that seeks to "  restrict the powers of the supreme leader , increase the authority of the elected president , base authority within the executive and parliamentary branches of government , use public referendums rather than clerical edicts , and change the Islamic Constitution ... in order to dismantle clerical rule . " The powerful Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps leadership finds its ranks divided between the warring factions of Iran 's polity . Like the president , military officers and conscripts are rarely from clerical families and historically have thrown their lot in with Iran 's secular leadership . Consequently when Revolutionary Guards commander Mohammad Ali Jafari , who was appointed by and is loyal to the mullahs , threatened "  military action against the president and all others who disavow the Islamic Revolution , " accusations of contemplating a coup were leveled . Even the Islamic republic 's founder , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , was quoted posthumously as prohibiting military units from intervening in politics . Within the context of Iran 's intra-regime struggle , the hikers ' conviction on charges of illegal entry and espionage by a judiciary under cleric Sadeq Larijani emerges as yet another attempt by xenophobic mullahs to thwart Ahmadinejad 's albeit fumbling attempts to re-engage the United States . Ahmadinejad 's offer of a "  unilateral pardon of course on behalf of the Iranian nation " was in turn a warning shot to those clergymen that he could exercise the presidency 's constitutional authority if this matter is not resolved satisfactorily . Like his other defiant acts , which include ousting fundamentalists from the Cabinet and bureaucracy , it also was a means of conveying to Iranians that the president is seeking "  closure of the era in which clergy call the shots . " Even in ideal circumstances , Iran 's supreme leader has to navigate most cautiously between competing political factions within the branches of government to retain his position . These are far from the best of times in Tehran . Khamenei conceded recently that "  the supreme Islamic jurist can not act solely according to his inclination . " Ahmadinejad , although rightly abhorred on the world stage for his bad words and deeds , is far from politically impotent and will likely continue to press an increasingly secularist vision of government upon the mullahs , knowing his new stances make him one of the three most popular politicians , none of them fundamentalists , within Iran . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jamsheed K. Choksy .	Jamsheed K. Choksy : The uncertain status of two U.S. hikers reflects Iran divisions He says President Mahoud Ahamadinejad is locked in struggle with mullahs Iran 's president is challenging the idea of Islamic theocracy , Choksy says
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- Boko Haram 's elusive leader claimed responsibility for a bombing in Nigeria 's capital of Abuja that left dozens dead , but said nothing about the group 's reported mass abduction of schoolgirls that occurred the same day as the explosion . A man claiming to be Abubakar Shekau made the comments in a video posted online on Saturday , saying the group attacked a bus station in retaliation for the what he described as the government 's collusion with the United States in the killing of Muslims . "  This is a prelude , " said the man , who wore camouflage and held an AK-47 assault rifle , in the video . In a warning to Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan , the man said : "  Let me be blunt : I am in your city , near you . Find me . " Mass abduction The video surfaced the same day that an education official said a Nigerian schoolgirl , who was among the 129 kidnapped Monday by suspected Boko Haram militants , had returned home . Even so , 84 of the girl 's classmates remain unaccounted for . A total of 45 girls are now free , according to a statement from Borno State Education Commissioner Musa Inuwa Kulo . This still unsettled situation began Monday night , when militants engaged in a battle with guards at the Government Girls Secondary School in the northeastern Nigerian town of Chibok began herding the girls onto buses and trucks and drove off , authorities said . But some of the schoolgirls managed subsequently to escape , including 14 on Friday and others on previous days , according to Kulo . This is a far cry from the Defense Ministry 's previous report that all but eight of the girls had found freedom , a claim that Nigeria 's military retracted Thursday . This retraction spurred fervent criticism of the government , with Lawan Zanna -- the father of one of the students -- blasting it as having resorted to "  blatant propaganda " by making a "  blatant lie . " What is Boko Haram ? While the mass abduction is extraordinary , violence in the region has been on the rise . That violence was on display Monday when a bomb exploded at the bus station in Abuja during rush hour , killing at least 75 people and wounding more than 100 . But nowhere has it been more prevalent that in northeastern Nigeria 's Borno , Yobe and Adamawa provinces , which have been under a state of emergency since mid-May due to persistent bloodshed there the government blames on Boko Haram . The Islamist militant group -- who name means "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language -- has bombed schools , churches and mosques ; kidnapped women and children ; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders alike . Boko Haram says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Africa 's most populous nation , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . The advocacy group Human Rights Watch claims more than 3,000 people have been killed in Boko Haram-related violence in the past five years . Who is Shekau ? Under Shekau , who took control of the group in 2009 , violence carried out by the group has flourished , according to authorities . Questions have swirled about Shekau , including whether he 's dead or alive . In recent years , the Nigerian military has touted his death , only to retract its claim after he appeared alive and vibrant in propaganda videos . He uses the alias Darul Tawheed , and analysts describe him as a ruthless loner and master of disguise . The United States has put a $ 7 million bounty on Shekau 's head . It also designated Boko Haram as a foreign terrorist network last year . The group is diffuse , and Skekau does not speak directly with members , opting to communicate through a few select confidants . This may be why Shekau made no mention of the kidnapping of the schoolgirls . CNN 's Faith Karimi and journalist Aminu Abubakar in Kano contributed to this report .	NEW : In a video , Boko Haram claims responsibility for a bombing at a bus station NEW : But the leader of the group says nothing about its kidnapping of 129 schoolgirls Government : 45 school girls are free , the fate of the rest is unknown The abduction is being blamed on the Islamist militant group Boko Haram
CNN  -- Nobody 's perfect -- in life or the 2014 NCAA basketball brackets . But Brad Binder gave it quite a ride , notching 36 correct men 's tournament picks until he was derailed Saturday night . Binder , 23 , of Buffalo Grove , Illinois , picked the wrong team to win the Syracuse-Dayton game , killing his chance of a perfect 63-0 bracket in the Yahoo Sports ' Tourney Pick 'em pool . Binder had picked every single game in the round of 64 and the first four games played Saturday . Then , Dayton upset Syracuse , 55-53 . Binder had picked the Orange . The pool is for bragging rights and has no prize money , unlike other bracket pools . Binder forgot to enter the Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge , also run through Yahoo sports . He tweeted Saturday , "  And that was the closest I 've ever come to not winning a billion dollars . " Additionally , there were no perfect brackets remaining in ESPN 's bracket challenge . CBS Sports , which runs one of the bigger bracket challenges , previously reported that in the past two years the last remaining perfect brackets were eliminated in the 22nd and 23rd games of the tournament . ESPN reports that of the roughly 30 million entrants it has had over the 13 years , no one has come close to a perfect bracket , and that only one person has had a perfect first round in the last seven years . Binder told ESPN on Saturday he was in a rush when he was getting ready to leave for work when he filled out his NCAA tournament bracket online . Although he had entered his bracket on the Yahoo website -- he did his picks in less than five minutes -- Binder forgot to enter the Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge . Quicken is one of the sponsors . Quicken and co-sponsor Yahoo have an insurance policy sold to them by Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway , which would cover the cost of any prize money . The companies did not disclose how many people entered the challenge . Binder said that "  never in a million years " did he think he would be in this position . "  I was about to leave for work , and I was in a rush , " Binder said . "  I filled it out , and that was kind of it . I did n't even really think about it . However , if I can reach out to Mr. Buffett , if he would consider grandfathering me in to be eligible and if he can make an exception , that would mean a lot to me and give everyone , I guess , a perfect bracket to root for . " Going into the tournament , winning Buffett 's billion was the ultimate longshot -- 9.2 quintillion-to-1 , by some estimates . See how CNN anchors are doing in the NCAA March Madness Bracket Challenge More on March Madness For March Madness fans , vasectomy timing is everything CNNMoney 's Chris Isidore contributed to this report	NEW : Illinois man 's bid for perfect bracket ends when Dayton wins NEW : Brad Binder did n't sign up for bracket with big jackpot No one is still in running for $ 1 billion for perfect NCAA bracket
Mount St. Helens , Washington  CNN  -- A climber who fell into the crater of Mount St. Helens volcano on Monday has been found dead , an official said Tuesday . A U.S. Naval helicopter lifted the body of Joseph Bohlig , 52 , from the south crater wall at 2:45 p.m. local time and flew it to Carson , Washington , for transport to the Clark County Medical Examiner 's Office for autopsy , said David L. Cox , undersheriff of the Skamania County Sheriff 's Office . Bohlig , of Kelso , Washington , was at the edge of the volcano 's crater Monday when the cornice on which he was standing crumbled , causing him to plunge 1,500 feet down its ice - and rock-covered inner wall , authorities said . "  The snow gave way , the cornice overhang gave way as he was standing there and he essentially fell the distance that he did , " Skamania County Sheriff Dave Brown said . "  Nobody saw him after he went over the crater rim , did n't see where he landed . " Fellow climber Scott Salkovics told CNN affiliate KGW that Bohlig had handed his camera to another climber and was about to pose for a picture with Mount Rainier in the background when he turned around and took a final step on the cornice . "  Boom , it busted off and I saw him clawing for the edge with a startled look on his face , and then he disappeared , " Salkovics told KGW . "  I was looking right at him , he was only 10 feet away ... then he just disappeared . " KGW : "  He was only 10 feet away ... then he just disappeared " Bohlig was a veteran climber , CNN affiliate KATU reported . Salkovics and Bohlig had recently returned from a climbing trip in Ecuador and thought it would be fun to do a trip on Mount St. Helens , KGW reported . Warnings about unstable cornices on the crater rim are posted , according to the Gifford Pinchot National Forest Web site . Every year , thousands of climbers trek to the rim of the active volcano , according to the Web site . Mount St. Helens erupted on May 18 , 1980 , killing 57 people and leveling nearly 150 square miles of forest . CNN 's Amanda O'Donnell , Patty Lane , Melanie Whitley and Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	Climber 's body to be taken to medical examiner 's office , official says Joseph Bohlig 's body found day after he fell while posing for picture Bohlig slid 1,500 feet into Mount St. Helens crater He was a veteran climber , CNN affiliate KATU reports
MAMONI VALLEY PRESERVE , Panama  CNN  -- A famed primatologist says the plight of chimpanzees helped inspire Michael Jackson to write the song "  Heal the World . " Michael Jackson loved chimpanzees , said Jane Goodall : "  They made him smile . " But the theme and the lyrics of the song turned out to be about a better world for humanity . "  He wrote what he told me he thought was his most powerful song ever , but it did n't end up for animals , " Jane Goodall said in a CNN interview Thursday night . Goodall spoke exclusively to CNN in a Panamanian rain forest where she is exploring a partnership on behalf of Roots & Shoots , her global youth education program . The interview comes as a new version of the song , first released on Jackson 's 1991 "  Dangerous " album , is being recorded by a collection of artists for release in late October . Goodall became friends with Jackson about 20 years ago when he invited her to his Neverland Ranch , where "  he talked about his dreams for the place to have animals running , looking free like they would in the wild . ... It was just a very charming day , very low key , nobody else was there , " she said . Goodall , famous for her 50 years of groundbreaking research on chimpanzees in Africa , said Jackson invited her because "  he loved what I did . " "  He loved chimpanzees , " she said . "  He loved to watch them feeding . He liked their faces . They made him smile . " Years later , she met Jackson 's chimp , Bubbles , and has visited him at his retirement refuge in Florida , she said . "  He 's extremely handsome , " she said . "  He 's a beautiful , beautiful chimp . So , he was rescued in time from this life of being inappropriately dressed up and carted around like a little symbol . " Goodall , whose life has been spent understanding chimpanzees , said she found Jackson to be "  a sad person . " "  In some ways , he was like a child , and a very sweet and gentle child , and he wanted me to tell him many , many stories , " she said . "  Stories about the chimpanzees , the forests , animals , anything . He told me he liked the way I told stories . " Goodall , who travels the world to promote protection of endangered chimps , said she had hoped Jackson would help get her message out . "  I said to him , ` You know , Michael , if you want to help , you could do a concert and give us a percentage . Or much better , write a song , ' " she said . Jackson asked her for tapes of animals in distress because "  he wanted to be angry and cry " as he wrote the song , which became "  Heal the World , " she said . The original CD cover notes credited Goodall for inspiring the song , she said . But , she added , the Jane Goodall Institute never saw any money from the song . Jackson later created the "  Heal the World Foundation , " which he funded with a series of concerts . The group delivered millions of dollars of relief to children around the world .	Jane Goodall says Michael Jackson loved chimpanzees Jackson wrote "  Heal the World " to call attention to chimpanzees ' problems Song became a call to peace for humanity Goodall said she found Jackson to be a "  sad person "
CNN  -- As McDonald 's opens its first restaurant in Vietnam , take a look at some of the big breakthroughs the fast food chain has made in the past -- from its first outlet in the Soviet Union , through the Kosher Mac and MacMaharaja , to the branch at Guantanamo Bay . Russia It took McDonald 's 14 years of intense negotiations to convince the Communist leaders of the Soviet Union to allow the chain to set up their first restaurant . Yet almost as soon as the Iron Curtain began to fall , the first McDonald 's opened in Moscow 's busy Pushkin Square -- on January 31 , 1990 . The restaurant seated 700 diners and its opening attracted thousands of people , who queued for hours to spend the equivalent of weeks ' salaries on a single burger . The company says the Moscow branch is still the largest McDonald 's in the world . Israel McDonald 's operates around 180 branches in Israel , of which over 50 are kosher , meaning they only serve food that meets strict dietary requirements . Unlike the non-kosher restaurants , these branches stay closed on Saturdays to observe the Shabbat and boast a unique logo with the golden arches sitting on a blue , rather than red background . McDonald 's restaurants around the world cater to local demands by including their own versions of regional specialties on the menu : in Israel , that 's the "  MacKebab . " Guantanamo Bay U.S. Navy base The McDonald 's within the compound at Guantanamo Bay naval base is the only branch of the fast food chain on the island of Cuba . The restaurant is only accessible to the base 's personnel and the chain says it has no plans to open any other branches in Cuba . Bosnia and Herzegovina McDonald 's spent more than four years trying to break into the Bosnian market , but opposition from local shop owners , supported by the government , was fierce . The chain finally opened its first branch in the country in 2011 . McDonald 's Arabia McDonald 's has managed to succeed in many Middle Eastern countries , offering various culturally - and religiously appropriate specialties to its Muslim customers . The company 's first venture into the Arab world was Morocco , where it opened its first branch in Casablanca in 1992 . Most branches respect Ramadan , restricting service in fasting periods during the holy month , and offering special menus at night . Certified halal-quality food is widely available , and the restaurant tries to reflect the local tastes by offering the MacArabia Chicken Sandwich , served in folded Arabic bread . In Saudi Arabia , the chain adheres to local laws by segregating male and female diners -- much to the disapproval of international women 's rights organizations . India The global hamburger chain is a big success in India , where it operates 300 branches . McDonald 's offers special meals to please the palates of local customers ; it does not serve any beef or pork-based burgers , reflecting the religious beliefs of many Indians . Instead , it offers the Chicken MacMaharaja and the McAloo Tikki -- a vegetarian-friendly blend of spicy potatoes and peas . Iraq OK , it 's not really the real deal , but McDonald 's could still claim it as a win -- of sorts ... As on other U.S. military bases around the world , McDonald 's food used to be available within Baghdad 's Green Zone . And while the chain is not planning to expand into the country , a successful knock-off fast food restaurant "  MaDonald 's " in the town of Sulaymaniyah has been popular with locals since it opened there in the 1990s . Read more : Man builds $ 141.33 ` McEverything ' dream sandwich	Vietnam 's first McDonald 's restaurant opened this weekend More than 70 years after it was founded , McDonald 's operates in more than 100 countries But not all of its branches are without controversy : Take a look at some of them
CNN  -- New details have emerged about a Jewish immigrant who fled Austria as World War II was brewing , lived frugally in New York and left an estate whose size -- $ 300,000 -- astounded some . Ida Blumin fled Austria in 1938 for the U.S. and married Walter Fischer , who earned money performing odd jobs . In a story published Monday , CNN and other news organizations reported neither the woman 's name nor much else about her , except for the fact that she had donated half of her estate to Hebrew University in Jerusalem , a school with which she had had no known contact . Since then , CNN has contacted two of her friends and a relative , who have identified her as Ida Fischer , who was born Ida Blumin in 1911 in Vienna . They said she was neither a concentration camp survivor nor had she ever been homeless , as the school originally reported . Her life story , however , was still remarkable . In 1938 , she , her mother , her sister and her sister 's husband fled Austria , said Peter Last , a Jewish collectible coin and banknote wholesaler who lived on East 32nd Street and befriended Fischer 20 years ago , when she lived a block away . The Blumins made their home in New York , where they had relatives . The 5-foot-2-inch immigrant married Walter Fischer , another Austrian , who earned money performing odd jobs . The couple lived with Fischer 's mother ; Ida Fischer earned money from a variety of office jobs . Fischer , who was in her mid-70s when Last met her in the late 1980s , gave the impression that she was just scraping by , he said . "  She hung around on the street and talked to everybody and people gave her food and clothes , " he said . "  She was very thrifty . " She once traveled with her mother to Israel , but did not appear particularly religious , Last said . Gabor Szanto , who met Fischer nearly 40 years ago upon his arrival in the United States from Hungary by way of Italy , disagreed , saying his friend observed all the high holidays . "  I used to take her to the synagogue , " said the hair colorist who has a shop on the Upper West Side and cut Fischer 's hair for free . He received 25 percent of her estate . "  She was a great believer in God . " He described her as "  a free spirit . " "  She would say she liked weak men and strong coffee , " he said . "  She was always being taken out to eat by one person or another ; people bought her things , bought her food , bought her newspapers . But she was n't a down-and-out bag lady with a pushcart like the people in the movie . She was very neat , clean and she was a decent person . " He said her penny pinching was understandable "  because she lived through the Depression . " Last said that , throughout the years he knew Fischer , she lived on East 31st Street in a 10th-floor , sparsely furnished one-bedroom apartment in a building for senior citizens . Her rent -- about $ 145 per month -- was even lower than it would have been because she reported housing code violations in her apartment to authorities , who then declined to approve rent hikes , Last said . But Fischer spent much of her time outside the building , where she sat on a bench dressed in old clothes and carried on a busy social life . "  Everyone knew her , " he said . "  Everybody in the diner on the corner knew her . " Among her coterie was Rue McClanahan , who played Blanche Devereaux on "  The Golden Girls " and lived on the block , he said . Neighbors would sometimes give her items they no longer wanted . Fischer 's frugality was legend : She recycled greeting cards , crossing off the name of the original recipient and replacing it with the new one . "  She 'd write on the top of it : ` From Ida , ' " Last said . Instead of paying extra to get an unlisted telephone number , she simply listed it under someone else 's name , he said . Occasionally , Last , now 74 , would treat his neighbor to a meal at the diner or a nearby delicatessen , where her favorite dishes included lox . Though she was not thin , she would rarely finish what was on her plate . "  A lot of it , she would take home , " he said . "  She 'd take all the sugar and all the napkins ; she 'd bring extra jars to take coffee home in . " He always picked up the tab . "  There was never any question , " he said . "  I do n't think she ever bought anything . " Last , who was also born in Austria , helped Fischer increase her monthly pension from the Austrian government . He also helped her augment her income , giving Fischer $ 5 to sit in his Peugeot on days when the street sweeper went by so that he would not get a parking ticket . One day , Fischer asked Last about a flier she had received offering to help residents write their will for free . "  I looked into it and I found that this was the Brooklyn Law School ; they would send a lawyer who would take two students to people 's houses and do their wills , so I said , ` It 's OK . ' " Fischer asked Last to serve as executor and he agreed . She also told him that she would leave him money , but Last was unimpressed . "  I never thought she had any real money , " he said . "  She was enough of a pest that I told her , ` No , I do n't want it . ' " She took him at his word . Instead , she left a quarter of her $ 300,000 estate to Last 's wife , Silvia , a quarter to Szanto and half to Hebrew University in Jerusalem , where a spokesman said the school was grateful for the donation , but had no idea what inspired it . Though Fischer remained alert until the end , she faltered physically during her final months , when she "  very reluctantly " hired a woman to take care of her . "  She did n't want to pay for it , " Last said . Fischer died in 2007 of heart failure , he said . Last said Fischer had told him she had no relatives , but he discovered after her death that she had not been truthful . "  It turned out there was a sister and a nephew that she was n't on speaking terms with , " he said . Even after Fischer died , Last continued to learn about his friend 's penurious ways . When he went to a bank to carry out his duties as executor of the will , a vice president told him Fischer had taken advantage years before of a promotional offer of a year 's free access to a safe deposit box , Last said . But after the year elapsed , she refused to pay the $ 100 annual fee , he said . So the banker told him he kept Fischer 's Series E savings bonds for $ 60,000 in his desk drawer , Last said . Though the size of her total savings surprised him , Last said her dogged thrift could have explained it . He calculated that -- between her pension from Austria and her $ 800 monthly check from Social Security -- her monthly income was about $ 2,000 , of which she spent only about $ 500 . Fischer 's sister -- from whom she had long been estranged -- died a few months ago , said Fischer 's nephew , Peter Lynwander , who lives in Ridgewood , New Jersey . He said he last saw his aunt more than three decades ago at a family get-together . "  She was a live wire , " quick to pound out a waltz on the piano or to dance . He was not surprised at the sum of her savings : "  She worked all her life and she did n't live high . So I do n't think that 's all that unusual . " CNN 's story published Monday quoted a spokesman for the school as saying Fischer had survived a concentration camp and lived homeless on the streets of New York . Her friends and her nephew said neither was true . On Friday , school spokesman Richard Dukas said the discrepancies were the result of a miscommunication . Hebrew University "  regrets misinterpreting the facts about Ida 's amazing and generous story , " he said . "  What is clear is that Ida was a remarkable woman who has made a difference by supporting research and education at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , something that will have an impact far beyond the borders of the state of Israel . "	Ida Fischer a Jewish immigrant who fled Europe before WWII Fischer lived in New York ; her frugality was legend among friends , neighbors She re-used greeting cards , got supplies from restaurants , paid rent of $ 145/month She left half her estate to Hebrew University in Jerusalem
CNN  -- Can you be identified only by where you take your phone ? Yes , according to a new study , which finds it 's not very hard at all . While most of us are free to go wherever we want , our daily and weekly movement patterns are pretty predictable . We go to work , to school , to church , to our neighborhood gym , grocery store or coffee shop , and we come home -- all quietly tracked by the GPS in our phone . And with nothing more than this anonymous location data , someone who wanted to badly enough could easily figure out who you are by tracking your smartphone . Patterns of our movements , when traced on a map , create something akin to a fingerprint that is unique to every person . Those are the findings of a report by researchers from MIT and elsewhere , published this week in the journal Scientific Reports . They say that , throughout history , people have always yearned for some degree of privacy , and there have always been others who wanted to keep an eye on them . With modern technology , they say , tracking people is easier than ever . "  Modern information technologies such as the Internet and mobile phones , however , magnify the uniqueness of individuals , further enhancing the traditional challenges to privacy , " they wrote . "  Mobility data is among the most sensitive data currently being collected . Mobility data contains the approximate whereabouts of individuals and can be used to reconstruct individuals ' movements across space and time . " The growing push to track your location indoors For the study , the research team studied 15 months of anonymous mobile data for roughly 1.5 million people . What they found was that , if they got accurate hourly updates on a person 's whereabouts , tracked by their mobile carrier 's cell towers , four "  data points " were all they needed to figure out the person 's identity 95 % of the time . That 's the sort of thing that has privacy advocates , like the Electronic Frontier Foundation , worried . In a wrap-up of last year 's developments in mobile privacy , the group 's Hanni Fakhoury and Marcia Hofmann noted that , in multiple cases , law enforcement has approached wireless carriers for mobile data to track users . At least one court has ruled that users have no reasonable expectation of privacy regarding their cell phone data . "  T  he government claims that cell phone users give up their privacy rights because they have voluntarily disclosed their physical location to the cell phone providers every time a phone connects to the provider 's cell tower , " EFF said in a statement related to an October court case . " ... However , this theory undermines privacy in nearly any networked communication . " Increasingly , the makers of mobile operating systems are opening up anonymous location data to developers designing apps that do things like target local advertising to the users . Apple , for example , states in its privacy policy that it can share anonymous mobile data with "  partners and licensees . " The study 's authors said keeping data anonymous is not necessarily enough to ensure real privacy . "  A simply anonymized dataset does not contain name , home address , phone number or other obvious identifier , " they wrote . "  Yet , if individual 's patterns are unique enough , outside information can be used to link the data back to an individual . " So , for example , say that you wake up at home every morning , head to the office five days a week , then hit the gym on three of those days . That 's three data points already . Then maybe you go to the same church , or restaurant for brunch , every Sunday . There 's the fourth -- plenty to figure out who you are , the authors say . Every additional location you hit regularly just makes it that much easier . Like EFF , the study 's authors said that has troubling implications . "  These findings represent fundamental constraints to an individual 's privacy and have important implications for the design of frameworks and institutions dedicated to protect the privacy of individuals , " they wrote .	Report : It 's easy to identify smartphone users by their movements Researchers from MIT and elsewhere tracked 1.5 million people for 15 months Each mobile user 's daily movements are unique and create a "  fingerprint " Privacy advocates worry how law enforcement and others may use that data
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Tired of all the squawking about America 's unemployment ? Try out for a job as a corporate duck . People are lining up in six major cities to audition Monday and Tuesday to be the next quacksperson for the insurance company Aflac . The scene in Atlanta was like the duck itself : grating , conspicuous , and most of all loud . "  Let me hear a duck skydiving , " said casting director Brian Beagle . "  Aflaaaaac ! " cried Sandy Smith , 54 , of Birmingham , Alabama , in her most terrified duck voice . One by one , the hopefuls waddled through , putting their ducks in a row as much as one can for a job limited by one bird and his one word . The contenders were allowed to grunt , groan and mutter , but their only word began with "  A " and rhymed with quack . They quacked like Donald . They quacked like Daffy . They quacked shy , shrill , scared and silly . Recorders rolled as the wannabes channeled their inner ducks to quack like a duck in love ... a duck answering the phone ... a duck singing about being in love ... a duck on a wire ... a duck flying by ... a duck getting bad news ... another duck in love . Ducks fearful and ducks overjoyed . Traci Naman , 42 , of Atlanta did n't wait for a prompt to let loose her quackery . "  I figured he might have an evil twin , " she said of the Aflac icon . "  And I thought it was time for him to have a girlfriend too . " "  Let 's hear a conversation between those three , " Beagle said . "  You 're the first person to present multiple ducks ! " The six-figure voice-over job with benefits opened up after Aflac fired comedian Gilbert Gottfried for his fowl , er foul , Twitter comments regarding the Japan earthquake . The comedian later apologized . Aflac plans to screen about 1,000 live auditions and 12,000 online submissions , with the company 's new duck scheduled to quack out a new ad later this month . The duck , said company spokesman Jon Sullivan , perches high on Aflac 's organizational chart . "  Everyone is secondary to the duck because the duck is such an amazing campaign , " he said . "  In the 10 years we 've had the duck , our brand identification has gone from slightly more than 10 percent to 92 percent . " Several wannabes compared the odds of getting the job of official squawker to the odds of winning the lottery . Naman , an account manager for 14 years and unemployed for two years , felt triumphant simply by auditioning . "  I 've sent out applications and gone to job fairs and it 's like throwing your resume into a black hole , " she said . "  Companies have done a good job of building a wall to keep people out . Just getting this job interview is like winning the lottery . " The long-shot duck gig represented a brass ring to others . The last interview for Wayne Cobb -- a roofing contractor in Stockbridge , Georgia -- was when he was 18 . The 61-year-old contestant calmed his pre-quack jitters by rehearsing in front of his grandchildren with a duck puppet . "  It might sound corny , but this job would let me do some landscaping around my church that we do n't have the funding to take care of , " he said . The high stakes prompted Lori A. Preston , 44 , to pop peppermints to keep her gullet from quacking hoarse . After her audition , she admitted her work experience with ducks was limited . "  Other than feed them and seeing the water roll off their back , that 's about it , " she said . "  But they -LSB- casting directors -RSB- asked me to make the duck my own , and that felt really comfortable . " Each audition lasted only minutes , and almost everyone left smiling . Leonard Bates , 56 , a retired FedEx shipping agent , felt good as he ducked out . He waved to those in the waiting room and said , "  Let the best quacker win . "	Hundreds of people are quacking their hearts out in auditions to be the Aflac duck They 're quacking like ducks in love , answering the phone or getting bad news Winner gets a six-figure salary and benefits for their quacking perfection New duck replaces comedian Gilbert Gottfried , who was fired for tweets about Japan
CNN  He has faced menacing bouncers and even once had to duck a glass of milk propelled at pace from his father 's hands , but it was an encounter with a different aggressor that proved cricketer Yuvraj Singh 's most frightening opponent . The mercurial all-rounder had been in the form of his life at the 2011 Cricket World Cup , helping India win their first title in almost three decades when they beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in the final at Mumbai 's Wankhede Stadium . Yuvraj had particular cause to celebrate after putting in a series of match-winning performances -- his tally of 362 runs and 15 wickets in nine matches earned him the "  Man of the Tournament " award . "  Everything came together at the World Cup and it was something really special . And just being together as a team , lifting the World Cup was a dream come true , " Yuvraj told CNN 's Human to Hero series . But as each new chapter in that Indian sporting fairy tale was being written a more sinister narrative was unfolding deep inside Yuvraj 's body . "  I was coughing a lot . I was not able to breathe on my left side . I was struggling to breathe throughout the whole tournament  and  spitting a little bit of blood at times during games , " he recalls . After the World Cup he went for a scan that revealed a tumor in his chest cavity , but a combination of denial and disbelief saw him carry on pretty much as normal . "  Even when I was diagnosed , I kept ignoring it because I still wanted to play and I did n't believe it could happen to an athlete like me who had been training and keeps himself fit . " So off he went on tour to England that summer and in November he played two Test matches at home against the West Indies . It was only the following January , when results of further tests confirmed the tumor was malignant -- a germ cell cancer called a mediastinal seminoma was diagnosed -- that Yuvraj was forced to face his worst fears and seek treatment . "  It was located between my heart and my  left  lung and it grew about 14 centimeters like a ball over my chest which was a concern . " Yuvraj sought the expertise of Lawrence Einhorn , a U.S. doctor who had successfully treated cyclist , Lance Armstrong for testicular cancer in the 1990s , and underwent chemotherapy at the IU Simon Cancer Center in Indianapolis in early 2012 . "  I had three sessions of chemotherapy so it was really tough , it was hard to go through it . But while I was going through my treatment , I was always motivated that I was going to come back and play for India . I think that 's what kept me going and got me through . " Yuvraj had enjoyed a stellar career up to then , playing Test , One-Day International and T20 cricket for India , making his senior debut in 2000 at the age of 19 . A sparkling 84 off 80 balls in his first innings in a one-day match against Australia served notice of his talent , and it was in limited overs cricket that he was most at home on the international stage . The left-hander has fluently notched more than 8,000 one-day runs , which have included 13 hundreds and 51 half-centuries , and when he 's on his game his assaults on opposition bowling attacks have displayed a brutal beauty . It was four years before his heroics with bat and ball in 2011 that Yuvraj had made himself a household name , smashing six sixes in an over off England paceman , Stuart Broad during the inaugural Twenty20 World Cup . Previously only Herschelle Gibbs had recorded such a feat in international cricket . "  I would say it 's one of the biggest highlights of my career because wherever I go and whenever I speak to people or my friends , they always mention they remember you hitting six sixes . It 's a very special moment in my cricketing career . " Unlike a lot of kids growing up in India , where cricket is the national game , Yuvraj did n't care much for the sport preferring to play tennis and go roller skating during his early childhood in Chandigarh , a small town five hours north of New Delhi . But his father , Yograj , who had represented India at cricket in the early 1980s , had other ideas and was hell-bent on seeing his son following in his footsteps . "  My father was an international player but he did n't play much , so he wanted to continue his dream through me . He pushed me a lot into cricket and I eventually started liking it and I think I was destined to play . " The intense parental expectation of the elder Singh is laid bare in Yuvraj 's autobiography . Writing in "  The Test of My Life , " Yuvraj recalls an incident when his father exploded with rage after hearing that his son had been dismissed in a practice match . "  I was once out for 39 , hitting the ball in the air and Dad got to hear about the dismissal . That evening he went back home and told Mom , ` Tell Yuvi not to enter the house or I will kill him ' , " Yuvraj wrote in the book published in 2013 . After spending the night in his car , Yuvraj returned to the house the next morning when his father had gone out . But then he unexpectedly came back . "  Without warning , he picked up the glass full of milk on the table and threw it straight at me . It missed my head and broke the glass pane of the window behind where I was sitting . Then I received the full volley of his abuse . " His father has had to deal with his own cancer diagnosis in recent months -- reportedly undergoing treatment for cancer of the vocal chords last year -- but happily Yuvraj remains clear of the disease . His wish to represent his country again was granted when he returned to play in three Tests against England at the end of 2012 and a string of one-day and T20 international appearances followed in 2013 and last year . But , as he 's first to admit , his form has been patchy since recovering from cancer . "  I 've had a little bit of up and down in the last two to three years and that was bound to happen and I 've taken that in my stride . I 've worked very hard on my game and I look forward to doing good things for India again . " He would have been the romantic 's choice for a place in India squad for next month 's Cricket World Cup in Australia and New Zealand but he was n't named in the 15-man squad announced by India 's national selectors at the beginning of January . Still , the 33-year-old is still much in demand elsewhere . Last season , he was the most expensive player in the Indian Premier League auction , snapped up for Rs 14 crore  $ 2.25 million  by the Royal Challengers Bangalore . In addition to regular appearances for his state side Punjab , he is kept busy with his cancer foundation , YouWeCan , which raises awareness and funds to fight the disease . "  I definitely think I 'm inspiring a lot of people , " he says . "  Trust me , it 's not easy to get out of it . It 's something which kills you from inside and it takes a lot out of you , your family members and your friends to see what you 're going through . That 's why I 'm trying to motivate people and try to help them get their life back . " It 's a positive message from a man who could have been forgiven for letting his sporting career fade in the face of such trauma . But his love for cricket remains as strong as ever . "  It 's a sport which never flows in one direction , it 's always up and down . You never know which way it 's going to go . I just love the unpredictability . "	India cricketer Yuvraj Singh was World Cup hero for India in 2011 The all-rounder was "  Man of the Tournament " but was then diagnosed with cancer The 33-year-old famously hit six sixes in an over at Twenty20 World Cup in 2007 Cricketer set up foundation after successful treatment and returned to action for India in 2012
CNN  Julia and I were all ready to have our first bike ride . We had a baby sitter for our daughter Mara and we were really making it happen -- no more talk . It would be a real 100 % couples ' bike ride . Our first ride as a married couple , with our own bikes . I was convinced that with my new Specialized bike it would be a cake walk to do this , and would n't be a struggle at all . The day was beautiful -- not a cloud in the sky . I felt as if I were an expert bike rider , from my school days ; however , that was a long time ago . I was in for a surprise . I had never been clipped into a bike before . Also , I never had a bike before that did not have a kick stand . This was no ordinary Huffy . Being clipped in full gear , I was ready to do this , or so I thought . I clipped in and was on the bike for an entire 20 seconds . This was easy . I had this down , I thought to myself . Then , I tried to stop and get off . It did n't work . I panicked , because I could not get my feet off . It all seemed to happen in vivid slow motion . I crashed and I could not do anything to stop it . I went down like the Titanic , and it was an ugly sight . It was also a real crushing blow to my athlete 's ego . So , I started asking myself all of these questions in this blink of any eye as I laid on the ground with my new bike , where I was now stuck like a beached whale . How could I fall so quickly ? Why could I not get my feet off the pedals ? Was I too old and out of shape to really do this Fit Nation challenge ? And perhaps more importantly , are people who do triathlons absolutely nuts ? In a matter of one minute , I doubted every athletic ability I once was so confident about . Just like that . To succeed , I knew that I had to mentally slap myself and tell myself , ` Hey , you can do this . ' It was only at that very moment that I realized , this was my own journey against myself . I kicked my feet out of the pedals , picked up the bike and rode for around 10 miles with no more falls for the day . I think I learned an important lesson , crashing 20 seconds into my first ride . Conquering a Triathlon , is not going to be without failure and falling down . It 's about getting up , and not giving up . It 's about listening and becoming connected to your body , and realizing that training for a triathlon is a spiritual journey as well as physical one . I may have crashed on my bike faster than anyone in the entire history of Fit Nation , but the lesson I learned in the process was well worth it . If and when you go down on the bike , you have to pick yourself up , and get it together . YOU TOTALLY GOT THIS !!!	Julia and Eugene Smookler are Fit Nation 's first team couple Eugene says he wants them both to get in better shape Couple wants to be better role models for their daughter , Mara , 3
CNN  -- If you can believe it , it 's been 25 years since Edward James Olmos portrayed real-life math teacher Jaime Escalante in "  Stand and Deliver . " Escalante , a Bolivian immigrant , taught in a tough East L.A. high school and pushed his lowest-achieving students to learn calculus . The inspirational role won Olmos a Golden Globe and garnered him an Academy Award nomination for best actor , a first for an American-born Latino . Since then , he 's played memorable roles , such as Lt. Martin Castillo in "  Miami Vice , " Abraham Quintanilla in the film "  Selena " and William Adama in "  Battlestar Galactica . " Now , in his newest role as executive producer and actor in "  Filly Brown , " he plays lawyer named Leandro who tries to help Mexican-American hip-hop artist Maria Jose ` Majo ' Tonorio , aka Filly Brown , and her family get her mom out of jail . The late Jenni Rivera plays the part of Majo 's mother Mara and Lou Diamond Philips plays the father who takes care of Majo and her younger sister . Olmos took some time to talk to CNN about the genuine portrayal of Jaime Escalante , what Latinos can do to make it in Hollywood and why Filly Brown 's story needs to be told . It 's been 25 years since "  Stand and Deliver " premiered in theaters . Did you ever imagine that the movie would be so successful and influential as it 's been ? I do n't think anyone could 've predicted that . Teachers use  it  as part of their curriculum . Millions of kids see it every year . That 's why the movie is so well seen . It 's amazing what that movie has done with the youth . I do n't think anyone could have guessed that it would be used the way it 's being used . It continues to be inspirational . You 're very well-known for choosing your roles carefully . How genuine was your portrayal of Jaime Escalante ? Everything I did was him . I just copied him as much as I possibly could . All his mannerisms , the way he moved , the way he walked , the way he touched his hair . I saw him do all these things and then just did it all . He worked with me to get the character just right and his memory was always right on . We wrote the script together from day one . What advice do you have for other Latinos trying to make it in Hollywood ? Just do n't give up . The only people I know who do n't make it are the ones that quit . They must be continually educating themselves in the art form . Every day , seven days a week for eight consecutive years , I was on stage : singing , talking , acting and performing . It 's like playing a piano . Have you heard of a musician that 's really successful not playing their instrument everyday ? Never , never . They play religiously . If I can brush my teeth everyday , I can do something I love everyday , even when I do n't feel like doing it . That 's really the key to success in this industry and in anything you do . Do the things you love to do when you do n't feel like doing them . Hollywood has been known to hesitate to use Latino people to tell these Latino stories . Why do you think that is ? I do n't think that they feel like there is a need a for it . The industry does n't have anything against Latinos . If they are feeding them American food like hamburgers , and they 're eating it by the billions , why do they have to feed them Mexican food ? They do n't because they like it . Why should Hollywood back actors who can not bring in the money ? That 's going to take time . Can you tell me a bit about your role in "  Filly Brown ? " I play an attorney who tries to help Filly Brown get her mother out of prison . I 've never played an attorney before . And , I 'm also the executive producer for the film . The film is a co-directed by Yussef Delara and Michael D' Olmos . How was it working with your son ? It was great . It 's always fun to work with your family . I 'm very grateful for it . My other son , Mico Olmos , helped produce it . It 's been a family affair . Why do you think it 's so important to tell the story of "  Filly Brown ? " It 's a story that 's never been told before in the history of film . That 's a good reason to do anything . There 's never been a movie of a Latina hip-hop artist who raps her poetry as well as her songs . What was it like to work with Jenni Rivera , as this was the first time she took on an acting role ? That was probably the most inspirational part of the filming process . She ended up becoming the most inspirational artist on the set . Gina Rodriguez  who plays Majo  and her were just amazing . They just really committed , and their technique was so strong . Their ability to create the reality was just profound . Those that have seen it are left stunned . You will see if you have n't already , it 's the best final scene in a movie that I 've seen in years . What do you want the audience , Latinos as well as non-Latinos , to take away with them after watching their film ? You ca n't go through this life alone . You do n't reach the clarity that you do in life unless you work with your family . And , if the Academy has an opportunity to see this film , they will get to see truly riveting performances in a very modest film . "  Filly Brown " opens in theaters on Friday , April 19th .	25 years since Edward James Olmos portrayed real-life math teacher in "  Stand and Deliver " Key to success in industry : "  Do the things you love to do when you do n't feel like doing them . " Olmos starring in new film , "  Filly Brown " , opening Friday , April 19th "  There 's never been a movie of a Latina hip-hop artist who raps her poetry and writes songs . "
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has given big business , unions and nonprofits more power to spend freely in federal elections , a major turnaround that threatens a century of government efforts to regulate the power of corporations to bankroll American politics . A 5-4 conservative majority crafted a narrow overhaul of federal campaign spending Thursday that could have an immediate effect on this year 's congressional midterm elections . The justices eased long-standing restrictions on "  independent spending " by corporations and unions in political campaigns . "  When government seeks to use its full power , including the criminal law , to command where a person may get his or her information or what distrusted source he or she may not hear , it uses censorship to control thought , " Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote for the majority . "  The First Amendment confirms the freedom to think for ourselves . " The opinion radically alters the election calculus , offering greater spending flexibility for a broader range of for-profit and nonprofit groups seeking a voice in the crowded national political debate . Hours after the ruling , President Obama responded , saying the court has given "  the special interests and their lobbyists even more power in Washington -- while undermining the influence of average Americans who make small contributions to support their preferred candidates . " In a statement , he said he is telling his administration "  to get to work immediately with Congress on this issue . We are going to talk with bipartisan congressional leaders to develop a forceful response to this decision . The public interest requires nothing less . " "  The Supreme Court has given a green light to a new stampede of special interest money in our politics , " Obama said . "  It is a major victory for big oil , Wall Street banks , health insurance companies and the other powerful interests that marshal their power every day in Washington to drown out the voices of everyday Americans . " Reaction on the other side said the ruling was long overdue . "  The Supreme Court 's decision today is a victory for the First Amendment and the right of all Americans to participate in the political process , " said Theodore Olson , who successfully argued the case for the conservative Citizens United . In a dissent to the opinion , Justice John Paul Stevens wrote , "  In a democratic society , the long-standing consensus on the need to limit corporate campaign spending should outweigh the wooden applications of judge-made rules . " He added , "  The court 's ruling threatens to undermine the integrity of elected institutions around the nation . " The case was the first one heard on the bench for newest Justice Sonia Sotomayor , and she voted in dissent with her three more liberal colleagues . The issue hinged on whether corporations ' ability to pour money into election campaigns could be strictly regulated , or whether corporations have free-speech rights to spend their cash to influence elections , just as individual donors do . In this ruling , the justices also nullified earlier rulings upholding the core of a 6-year-old federal law aimed at curbing corporate campaign spending . Under current law , there are severe restrictions on campaign ads used by corporations for federal elections . They generally must be issue-focused -- talking about abortion or taxes , for instance -- and not expressly supporting or opposing a candidate . Those limits have now been generally removed . The specific case grew out of a documentary on Hillary Clinton . Produced last year by Citizens United , "  Hillary : The Movie " was a scorching attack on the then-presidential candidate . The filmmakers wanted to promote it during the heat of the 2008 primary season , but a federal court blocked any ads , as well as airings on cable television 's video on demand . On that specific question , the justices ruled against Citizens United , saying federal restrictions on broadcast ads are appropriate . "  Citizens United 's narrower arguments are not sustainable under a fair reading of the statute , " Kennedy wrote . The Washington-based nonprofit corporation and advocacy organization balked at campaign finance rules that would have required disclosure of its financial backers , and restrictions on when the film could air . It was financed with a mix of corporate and individual donations . Navigating the complex , ever-evolving landscape of election money rules has spurred a cottage industry of financial , political and legal armies , ready to do battle over the money and the message . The crux of this dispute , like others before it , is just how far the government may go to regulate campaign spending and campaign ads . In his opinion , Kennedy acknowledged that , but said Americans should be trusted to decide competing election issues . "  The appearance of influence or access , " he wrote , "  will not cause the electorate to lose faith in our democracy . " "  Our nation 's speech dynamic is changing , and informative voices should not have to circumvent onerous restrictions to exercise their First Amendment rights , " Kennedy said . "  The censorship we now confront is vast in its reach . " But Stevens , who read part of his harsh dissent from the bench , said , "  The court 's opinion is thus a rejection of the common sense of the American people , who have recognized a need to prevent corporations from undermining self-government since the founding . " Justice Samuel Alito and Chief Justice John Roberts were key to the ruling , agreeing with their more conservative colleagues . Alito replaced moderate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor , who upheld past corporate restrictions in 2003 , when the high court last confronted the issue . Section 203 of the comprehensive Bipartisan Campaign Finance Reform Act of 2002 , widely known as the McCain-Feingold law , bans the broadcast of "  electioneering communication " by corporations , trade groups , unions and some issue advocacy groups , if the material would air close to election dates and identify candidates by name or image . The law also requires an on-screen notice of the groups financing such ads , as well as public disclosure of all who donated to the sponsoring organizations . The landmark McCain-Feingold law took effect the day after the November 2002 elections . Among its many provisions are a ban on "  soft money , " the unlimited and unregulated contributions to national political parties ; a ban , in the 60 days before an election , on advocacy ads , those criticizing or supporting a candidate 's stand on an issue ; contribution limits ; and donor disclosure requirements . Much of McCain-Feingold remains unaffected by the high court 's latest ruling , including the current ban on large , unregulated donations to political parties and the candidates themselves by corporations . The case also does not affect political action committees , separate groups created by corporations , unions and others that can contribute directly to federal candidates . PAC money has a $ 5,000-per-candidate limit , and must be funded through voluntary contributions from employees , members or individuals , not by direct corporate or union treasuries . The ruling could have far-reaching effects beyond the federal arena . Twenty-two states have similar bans on corporate spending in state and local elections . Restrictions on money in gubernatorial , legislative and even judicial races could soon be a thing of the past . "  Campaign 2010 was already bulked up with the potential of campaign ad spending , " said Evan Tracey , president of Campaign Media Analysis Group and CNN 's consultant on political television advertising . "  Now it 's on steroids . " Excerpts of the movie and the ads can be viewed online at www.hillarythemovie.com . The case is Citizens United v. FEC  08-205  .	NEW : Ruling gives special interests "  more power in Washington , " president says Big business , unions , nonprofits get more power to spend freely in federal elections Majority : "  Speech dynamic is changing , " and "  onerous restrictions " need to be avoided Dissent : Need to limit spending should outweigh "  applications of judge-made rules "
CNN  -- An undercover video shows horses being struck with sticks and subjected to "  soring , " an illegal process in which chemicals are placed on their lower legs in an effort to induce the signature Tennessee Walking Horse high-stepping gait . The graphic video shows trainer Jackie L. McConnell of Whitter Stables of Collierville , Tennessee , and others subjecting show horses to practices that were banned 40 years ago . One image shows a writhing horse being subjected to a whip at McConnell 's barn . Another receives a shock to the head . The video , made by a Humane Society of the United States investigator , was first featured Wednesday on the ABC News program "  Nightline . " It has raised questions of how pervasive the training techniques are despite recent prosecutions and investigations by the U.S. Department of Agriculture , which enforces the Horse Protection Act . "  There obviously is a huge problem , " said Jonathan Lovvorn , senior vice president for litigation and investigations with the Humane Society . "  In the competition to get this unnatural gait , trainers are using banned substances to cheat . " Horse show judges value the exaggerated gait , called the "  big lick . " Shows in Tennessee and elsewhere annually draw thousands of spectators . PepsiCo on Thursday confirmed it had pulled its sponsorship of this summer 's Tennessee Walking Horse National Celebration . Asked if the sponsorship decision was in response to the 2011 video , PepsiCo spokesperson Vincent Bozek said , "  That 's all we 're saying . " The decision was made Wednesday . The president of a Tennessee horse industry organization , condemning the "  disturbing " video , told CNN there is a stringent inspection process at shows . "  I think it 's sad that a corporation like Pepsi would go out because of the action of one person and one training barn , " said Dr. Stephen Mullins of S.H.O.W. Jane Velez Mitchell : Abuse of high-stepping horses must end McConnell and three other men were named in a 52-count federal indictment earlier this year . According to a defense filing in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee , McConnell will plead guilty next week to a count of conspiracy to violate the Horse Protection Act . McConnell 's attorney , Tom Greenholtz of Chattanooga , confirmed to CNN that his client is wielding a stick on a horse in a portion of the video . Greenholtz said he could not comment at this time on the specifics of the case or McConnell 's view of the allegations . McConnell faces a maximum five-year prison sentence and expects the government to dismiss the other counts , the attorney said . According to the indictment , "  soring is a cruel and inhumane practice used to accentuate a horse 's gait in order to gain a competitive edge in horse shows . " Chemicals and other irritants on a horse 's ankles and forelegs cause it to lift its front feet and shift its weight unnaturally to the hind legs in order to relieve the pain , the indictment states . The Humane Society said its investigator documented "  stewarding "  $ " training a horse not to react to pain during official show inspections of their legs for soreness -- by striking them in the head when they flinch during mock inspections . The video was filmed in spring 2011 by an investigator who worked two months as a stablehand at McConnell 's barn , according to the Humane Society . Lovvorn told CNN the society shared the video and results of its investigation with federal prosecutors before the indictment was returned . In separate cases , a seven-month investigation conducted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture resulted in at least four other Tennessee men being sentenced this year for horse soring violations . One defendant sentenced to 12 months in prison and a $ 4,000 fine described how chemical irritants , chains , bolts and other devices were used to bring about the exaggerated gait . "  He stressed the pervasiveness of soring in the gaited horse industry and testified that horses ` have got to be sored to walk , ' " according to a press release from the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Tennessee . S.H.O.W. , certified by the U.S. Department of Agriculture  USDA  , handles inspections of Tennessee horses at events . Mullins , a retired equine veterinarian , said self-regulation by the industry has led to three lifetime and 150 one-year suspensions for soring and other violations of the Horse Protection Act . Trainers should n't rely on soring to train horses to hit the "  big lick , " said Mullins , acknowledging the industry still has problems . "  I was given one charge  task  . Get rid of the sore horse . I think we are well on our way . " One painless training technique , he said , is to fit pads , about 3 inches tall , below the horse 's hoof . "  It can change the way the horse lands on its foot , " according to Mullins . "  It requires him to exaggerate and keep his foot up for a longer period of time . " S.H.OW . 's oversight , however , does not extend to training facilities and barns . "  Soring is a way to take a horse that is not very good ... to make him look good , " said Mullins . "  Do I think it goes on around the trainers who show routinely with me ? No sir , I do not believe it does . " Lovvorn , of the Humane Society , said soring "  has been an open secret in Tennessee for years . " Prosecutions , a stringent update of the Horse Protection Act and recently approved additional resources for the Agriculture Department are key , he said . A 2010 Office of Inspector General audit within the USDA pointed out the need for more funding of federal inspections and shortcomings and inconsistencies of those done by people associated with horse industry organizations . The Tennessee Walking Horse Breeders ' and Exhibitors ' Association , in a statement Thursday , said it reaffirmed its opposition to violations of the Horse Protection Act . "  The walking horse holds an inherent natural gait that has been in existence for nearly 100 years , " said group President Marty Irby . "  The association  adopted a zero tolerance policy in regards to soring a number of years ago and has recently challenged every member to adopt a zero tolerance policy themselves . " CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Defense attorney has no comment on specific charges against his client Undercover video shows individuals hitting horses , applying chemicals "  Soring " is meant to induce high-stepping gait called "  big lick " Breeders group says it has zero tolerance for cruel practices banned 40 years ago
A new report suggests adult women are nearly half of all video game players . That 's a number that can be read in the changing tone of some of today 's top games . But it 's also one that some female gamers say is n't really as close to even as it should be . According to the "  2013 Essential Facts About the Computer and Video Game Industry " report , produced by the Entertainment Software Association , 45 % of all game players , and 46 % of the most frequent purchasers of games , are female . Adult women make up 31 % of the game-playing population . "  This new data underscores the remarkable upward trajectory for video games . It is an entertainment form enjoyed by hundreds of millions of consumers worldwide , " said Michael D. Gallagher , president and CEO of ESA , the trade association that represents the U.S. video game industry . "  A diverse and energized consumer base , remarkable new hardware , and outstanding software all combine to foster growth for our industry . " Female gamers are obviously a diverse group . Millions enjoy the shooters , strategy games and other titles favored by "  hardcore " enthusiasts . Millions more have eased into the gaming world via social and smartphone games , or through family interactions . One of the top reasons why people buy video games is an interesting storyline , according to the report . And some women have pointed to a rise in the number of games with complex themes and more scenarios that call for decision-making , not brute force , as a selling point . And it does n't hurt that many of those same titles have begun to include female protagonists , or at least the ability to create your own . ` Lady game creators ' meet up on Twitter "  Today 's game characters are much more customizable than years ago , " said Lauren Eleazer , 26 , from State College , Pennsylvania . "  This is part of overall game development , but every female gamer I 've met appreciates being able to style her character and make it more unique . " Jessica Chobot , a television and Web show host whose work has appeared on gaming site IGN , the G4 network and elsewhere , said the industry has been taking notice of the rise of female gamers , and that the inclusion of female characters in meaningful roles is no accident . "  In a lot of ways , it was the perfect storm for change , " said Chobot , who is also a writer for the Zombie Studios game , "  Daylight . " "  The gaming industry 's awareness of having to appeal to a wider audience -- one that included women -- has been reflected with the addition of stronger female characters . "  The 2013 re-vamped ` Lara Croft , ' ` Mass Effect 's female version of Commander Shepard and ` Uncharted " s Elena Fisher and Chloe Frazer are just a few examples that come to mind . " Other strong female characters , like Elizabeth in "  BioShock Infinite " or Ellie in "  The Last of Us , " show the range developers are willing to put in their games to attract a wider audience and provide a different experience from games in the past . Upcoming games like "  Beyond : Two Souls " and a new "  Mirror 's Edge " appear that they 'll continue to put women in the forefront of gaming action and narrative . But , sometimes , it 's the little things that can help draw more women into the gaming fold . "  Control schemes need to do more to take into account people who did n't grow up with a controller in their hands , " said Colleen Hannon , a senior editor for the website Gamers With Jobs . "  I 'm not saying make the game easier ; I 'm saying give people who need to learn those basic skills a path to learn that does n't belittle or sideline them . " The sustained and growing pop-culture presence of video games also has been a boon for developers looking to add women to their player bases . "  I think this issue is cultural , " said Shannon Gagnon , 28 , from Scranton , Pennsylvania . "  Since being a geek has become something to be proud of , instead of something to hide , more of my female friends are becoming gamers . But they do n't see a lot of games they are interested in , because mostly when you see games advertised it is ` Call of Duty ' or ` World of Warcraft . ' " A majority of gamers play games with their family -- 16 % play with parents , 32 % play with other family members and 16 % play with their spouse or significant other . That widening acceptance of gaming is also helping women feel like they belong . "  I 've noticed the biggest difference in attitude coming from non-gamers , especially other women , who once found my pastime silly , " said Audrey Epple , from Macon , Georgia . "  Now , they seem more accepting . It has become the norm . " But despite those cultural shifts , talk to many female gamers and you 'll hear stories about a darker side of the hobby -- a persistent "  boy 's club " mentality that sometimes manifests itself in ugly ways . Story after story recounts female gamers who , once they ventured into gaming circles beyond family and friends , faced mockery , dismissive attitudes and even abuse from their peers . In one recent story making the rounds in online gaming circles , a girl went into a certain game 's online community , asking about its mechanics . The first response she got was from a male player , telling her he 'd answer if she performed a sex act on him . Harassment of women in online gaming forums is prevalent enough that there 's even a derogatory term -- "  white knight " -- for male members who step up to defend them -- the suggestion being that they 're only doing so to gain favor with the woman involved . "  Age of the other gamer makes quite a difference , " said Eleazer . "  Older gamers tend to be respectful of female gamers ... . Anyone 15 or younger does n't get it , but I blame that on maturity . " Chobot says that kind of attitude is beginning to fade , but that it "  has n't quite changed just yet . " "  More and more women can be found in high profile and strong roles within the industry , " she said . "  Yet , just recently , the comment was made to me , ` You 're just a host , right ? You do n't really play games . ' " Hannon , of Gamers With Jobs , said she thinks the way games are marketed plays a role . "  There are more women over 18 playing games now than boys under 17 , " she said . "  But you would n't be able to tell by the contents and comment sections of most game publications , the language/behavior of their fellow players online , or the game design , marketing materials and tactics of most game publishers and developers . " Gagnon said trolls will be trolls , especially during competitive , multi-player games . However , she does think game companies could do more to crack down on the abuse . "  I realize these trolls set out to mock any and all gamers and it 's not solely focused on female gamers , " she said . "  But it certainly feels as if I am being singled out . " There 's no reason to think the gaming industry wo n't have more and more of those female gamers to think about in the years to come . The ESA shows that 35 % of parents are playing computer and video games with their children every week and 58 % are playing with them at least once a month . The computer and video game industry as a whole had $ 14.8 billion in sales in 2012 , according to the ESA report . Given that women are 46 % of that purchasing audience , there is a great incentive for game developers to keep women in mind . They say they are n't looking for special treatment , are n't asking for female-only games and , in many cases , do n't even like to be differentiated as "  girl gamers . " Instead , they say , they want to be entertained , to be challenged , to have fun -- just like the guys . "  More women are getting involved , both behind the scenes and as educated consumers , " Chobot said . "  The boys ' club attitude in gaming needed to stop yesterday . "	Report : Almost half of video game players in U.S. are female Gamers cite a rise in strong female characters in top titles In gaming circles , though , some say "  boys ' club " mentality persists Marketing overwhelmingly still targets young males
New Delhi  CNN  -- Indian lawmakers cast ballots Thursday to elect a new president for the South Asian democracy , with the ruling party 's candidate considered the almost-certain winner . That candidate , Pranab Mukherjee , is a veteran politician and a former finance minister . Mukherjee 's rival is opposition-backed candidate P.A. Sangma , a former speaker of the Indian parliament . Indian presidents are elected through an electoral college made up of more than 4,800 federal and state lawmakers . The result from Thursday 's vote are expected to be announced Sunday . Blog : What happened to ` Incredible India ' ? In India , the president is head of state while the prime minister heads the government . Still , the Indian presidents , in their largely ceremonial position , hold considerable power as the supreme commander of the country 's armed forces and custodian of the national constitution , political commentator K.G. Suresh explained . The new president could play a key role in deciding who forms the next government in case the next general elections , due in 2014 , result in a split parliament , analysts say . "  Now we have a coalition era . We do not know in 2014 , when the parliament election takes place , which party would be able to get a clear majority , " Suresh said . "  If it does n't happen , the president of India has to then take a call as to whom to invite  to form the government  within the parameters of the constitution of India . " Prime minister Manmohan Singh was among voters who cast their ballots Thursday . The new president will replace Pratibha Devisingh Patil , the first woman to hold the post . Mukherjee was named the presidential candidate by the ruling United Progressive Alliance headed by Sonia Gandhi , who is also the chief of India 's Congress Party .	Results from the vote by federal and state lawmakers in India are expected Sunday The presidency is a largely ceremonial post , but does have some power Pranab Mukherjee of the ruling United Party Alliance is expected to win election
CNN  -- Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan is facing a local election this weekend , the biggest test of his popularity since becoming Prime Minister in 2003 . The polls are seen as a referendum on his popularity before the country 's first direct presidential election this summer , in which Erdogan is widely expected to run . But things do n't seem to be going smoothly . Just months after the damaging Gezi Park protests in Istanbul , Erdogan 's government is now facing a wide-ranging anti-corruption probe . And to add to the misery , Turkey 's economy , once hailed as a miracle , is slowing down , its currency is hovering around record lows against the dollar , and some of its firms are facing huge foreign debts . How did it get into this mess ? Many developed countries struggled with growth in the aftermath of the global financial crisis . Not so Turkey , which grew substantially over the last decade . Erdogan 's government was praised for its ability to attract foreign investors from Europe and emerging markets such as Russia and China . The rapid economic growth was largely fueled by cheap credit pouring into the country . As the crisis hit developed economies , investors turned to emerging markets which promised higher returns than depressed Western markets . For years , Turkey had enjoyed a foreign-funded construction boom . House prices had soared more than 50 % since the end of 2009 and both the country 's GDP and per capita income had increased threefold since 2003 . But the party ended with the U.S. Federal Reserve announcing a scale-back in its stimulus program last summer . Suddenly , there was less cash available to invest . With more security in the U.S. economy , investors started pulling their money from the emerging markets . Turkey 's growth slowed to just above 2 % and inflation rose to 7.4 % in 2013 , well above the 5 % target . The country 's currency , the Lira , slumped further in January , which forced Turkey 's central bank to adopt a radical approach and almost double interest rates from 7.7 % to 12 % -- a clear indication of the bank 's determination to prevent foreign capital outflows . But for voters , this may not be good news . Higher interest rates are likely to slow down Turkey 's economic growth . And as cash becomes less available and borrowing becomes more expensive , producers and business owners are likely to pass their increased costs to consumers , who will in turn see prices going up . Erdogan is aware of this and strongly opposed the bank 's move to raise interest rates . He argued it would hurt Turkey 's growth and blamed the Lira 's recent tumble on the opposition and an "  interest rates lobby , " saying it was the result of a conspiracy against him and his government . And while Turkey 's $ 800 billion economy remains among the 20 biggest in the world , the IMF has warned it is not built on a sustainable model and remains too vulnerable to dangers outside its borders . Add to this another grim statistic : the country 's poverty . According to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  OECD  , one in five Turks live below the relative poverty line -- meaning their income is less than half of the country 's median . That is one of the highest figures among developed countries , with only Mexico and Israel lagging behind . Turkey 's strategic position means the country is the bridge between Asia and Europe . Its membership of NATO and candidacy to join the European Union reflect its importance . But the current unrest and uncertainty has already cost the country millions -- its stock market lost a third of its value last year alone . Foreign investors have been watching Erdogan 's steps closely and to them , the result of this weekend 's local election could be an indication of where the country 's economy moves next . Read more : Turkey 's political crisis undermining democracy Read more : Is instability the ` new normal ' for Turkey ? Turkey : From a bridge to an island in the Mideast Read more : Worst is yet to come for Fragile Five	Turkey 's economy , once hailed as a miracle , is slowing down and its currency is talking a beating The country 's central bank doubled the interest rates to prevent foreign capital outflows The IMF has warned Turkish economy is not sustainable and remains vulnerable to external dangers
CNN  -- The Egyptian Football Association  EFA  have confirmed that the 2011-2012 Egyptian Premier League season has been called off . The league was suspended early last month , after the deaths of over 70 fans in riots that occurred during the match between al-Ahly and al-Masry in Port Said . And the EFA have now confirmed the league will be replaced by a separate tournament that will be held from March 29th to May 18th . Spokesman Azmy Megahed told the Confederation of African Football  CAF  website that there was not enough time to play all the remaining fixtures , before the national team started training for the London Olympic Games and the 2013 African Cup of Nations qualifiers . The new competition will be called the "  Martyrs Cup " , which will feature 18 teams with matches being played behind closed doors with no spectators present . However , al-Masry , whose supporters have been blamed for the riots last month , have not been invited to play in the tournament , the draw for which will take place on March 21 . The format of the competition will see teams divided into two groups of nine , with every team playing the other in their section . The top two teams of each group will then qualify for the semifinals , the winners of which will play in the cup final .	This season 's Egyptian Premier League has been officially canceled by the Egypt FA The league was suspended following the death of over 70 fans in crowd rioting last month The Egyptian FA announce a replacement tournament held from March 29th to May 18th
CNN  -- A Beijing man who snatched a baby from a pram and hurled it to its death in an argument over a parking space was Wednesday sentenced to death by a Beijing court , according to court documents . Han Lei , 39 , was charged with intentional homicide over the death of the two-year-old girl who died in hospital from brain damage 50 hours after being dashed to the pavement in the Daxing District of Beijing on July 23 . The court sentenced his friend Li Ming , who helped Han escape after the incident , to five years ' jail . The Beijing No. 1 Intermediate People 's Court heard how Han and Li decided to drive to a karaoke bar after a dinner with several other people . Unable to find a parking space , they attempted to park at a bus stop where a woman , also surnamed Li , was waiting with the 2-year , 10-month-old baby who was named as Sun in court documents . An altercation began when Han accused the mother of blocking the car 's path with the pushchair . The court heard how Han hit the mother and then proceeded to hurl the baby out of its pram . The court rejected his defense that he had been intoxicated at the time of the attack , saying that his mental condition had been "  stable " despite earlier drinking at dinner . Prosecutors recommended that Han , who committed the crime within a year of being released from prison , be given the death sentence . "  I smacked her in the face . She hit back , too . People started to gather around us . I just wanted to smash the trolley , " Han reportedly said in a statement to police . The girl 's mother told police that Han had earlier threatened to kill the child and had acted before she was able to take measures to protect her . Han fled the scene with Li Ming , who was charged with harboring a criminal , but was arrested by police the next day . Li turned himself in to police on July 25 . Relatives of the child asked for a total of 2.73 million yuan  $ 443,513  in civil compensation during the court hearing , according to state-run Xinhua . The case drew a strong response on Chinese social media site Weibo where posters mostly applauded the death sentence : "  He deserves to be shot 100 times , " said poster Xiongwoxi while another , named as Wujiayounvchuzhangcheng , said the death sentence was not strong enough . "  Dying once is leniency , " he said . Despite this , there were some calls to end capital punishment in China . "  Although he deserves the death , should n't we give him another chance ? Do we must have people die one after another ? " said poster Linxidaxuesonglianli .	Beijing man sentenced to death after hurling a baby from its pram Han Lei , 39 , throws toddler to the ground in argument over parking space Court sentences Li Ming , who helped Han escape after the incident , to five years ' jail The girl , aged two years and 10 months , suffered severe head injuries and died later in hospital
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain said Monday that Rep. John Lewis ' controversial remarks were "  so disturbing " that they "  stopped me in my tracks . " Sen. John McCain says comments made by Rep. John Lewis were "  unacceptable . " Lewis , a Georgia representative and veteran of the civil rights movement , on Saturday compared the feeling at recent Republican rallies to those of segregationist George Wallace . "  That 's not from some , quote , party official , that 's from one of the most respected people in America . It 's unfair . It 's unfair and it 's outrageous , " he said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Dana Bash . "  I never believed that John Lewis , who is an American hero whom I admire , would ever make a comment of that nature . He even referred to the bombing of a church in Birmingham . That 's unacceptable , " he said . Watch McCain 's reaction " Lewis on Saturday said in a statement that McCain and Gov. Sarah Palin "  are sowing the seeds of hatred and division . " "  During another period , in the not too distant past , there was a governor of the state of Alabama named George Wallace who also became a presidential candidate . George Wallace never threw a bomb . He never fired a gun , but he created the climate and the conditions that encouraged vicious attacks against innocent Americans who were simply trying to exercise their constitutional rights . Because of this atmosphere of hate , four little girls were killed on Sunday morning when a church was bombed in Birmingham , Alabama , " wrote the Democrat . He later said a "  careful review " of his comments "  would reveal that I did not compare Sen. John McCain or Gov. Sarah Palin to George Wallace . " A McCain aide described the moment that the campaign saw Lewis ' comment as an emotional one and a reality check as to "  what the campaign is up against . " The aide said they all stopped , delayed McCain 's flight and got on a conference call to try to figure out how to respond . McCain said Saturday that Lewis ' earlier statement was "  a brazen and baseless attack " and called on Sen. Barack Obama to repudiate it . McCain on Monday again criticized Obama for not condemning Lewis ' words . The Obama campaign said that Obama "  does not believe that John McCain or any policy criticism is in any way comparable to George Wallace or his segregationist policies " but said Lewis was "  right to condemn some of the hateful rhetoric . " McCain told CNN that Lewis ' status as a respected politician makes his remarks even more unacceptable . "  I say when anybody says anything like that that is so beyond the pale , that it stuns me , because that 's not what America and this debate should be all about , " he said . "  I will reject that kind of language , and again , I 'm so disappointed in Congressman John Lewis . " Some McCain supporters have yelled "  treason , " "  kill him " and "  terrorist " at recent campaign events . Asked about the anger at his rallies -- something that has increased since the McCain campaign started highlighting Obama 's ties to 1960s radical Bill Ayers , McCain said he was insulted by some characterizations of his supporters . "  There is always the fringe element that 's in politics in America . The overwhelming majority of the people that come to my rallies are good and decent and patriotic Americans , " the Republican presidential candidate said . "  For anybody to intimate that the overwhelming ... 99 percent is anything but patriotic and good Americans is frankly unacceptable , and I wo n't stand for it . " Obama has publicly acknowledged McCain 's efforts to get his supporters to show respect . McCain said Monday that despite trailing Obama in the polls , he 's comfortable with where he and his running mate are . According to CNN 's latest poll of polls , Obama is up by 8 percentage points , 50-42 . CNN 's national poll of polls consists of six surveys : ABC/Washington Post  October 8-11  , Fox News/Opinion Dynamics  October 8-9  , Newsweek  October 8-9  , Reuters/C-SPAN/Zogby  October 10-12  , Gallup  October 10-12  and Diageo/Hotline  October 10-12  . It does not have a sampling error . "  We 're going to be just fine . I have been written off on so many occasions by political pundits that it 's hard for me to count , " McCain said , joking that his campaign has "  more lives than a cat . " "  But the point is -- we 're doing fine . I 'm happy where we 're at , we 're fighting the good fight . That 's what it 's all about . "	In exclusive talk with CNN , McCain says he is "  so disappointed " in Rep. John Lewis Lewis on Saturday compared feeling at GOP rallies to those of George Wallace McCain on anger from some supporters : There 's always "  fringe element " in politics McCain says his campaign has "  more lives than a cat "
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- A boat 's horn bellowed 32 times off the coast of Italy on Sunday , honoring each of the victims who died a year ago when a luxury cruise liner ran aground . Family members of those who perished tossed wreaths , lilies and notes into icy waters at a ceremony marking the anniversary of the Costa Concordia crash . And a large boulder bearing a plaque with victims ' names was lowered into the same sea that claimed their lives . The somber memorial was a sharp contrast to the chaos of a year ago , when the massive ship ran aground with 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members on board . According to passengers ' accounts , pandemonium erupted as guests rushed to fill the lifeboats and escape the ship . Some crew members helped passengers and then jumped overboard ; remaining members seemed helpless to handle the melee . The night of the accident , many survivors sought shelter in churches and other buildings on the tiny Tuscan island of Giglio . At one of the churches on Sunday , many survivors and family members of victims gathered for a two-hour Mass to remember the victims and honor divers and rescue workers . "  I came to pray for my colleagues and the passengers who lost their lives , " said Santosh Velhal , a Costa Concordia crew member from Mumbai who worked in the ship 's security department . The children of Gerald and Barbara Heil -- an American couple from Minnesota who died in the accident -- were also among those who traveled to Italy for Sunday 's ceremony . The day 's events also included the dedication of a plaque with the victims ' names on a wall in Giglio 's harbor and a violin concert held in a local church . At 9:45 p.m. , the exact one-year anniversary of the moment of impact , survivors planned to light 32 lanterns -- one for each of the victims . Meanwhile , the Costa Concordia , now a half-submerged carcass , still sits in the harbor where it ran aground . Hundreds of people are working 24-7 to secure it , but salvage efforts are taking longer than expected . Officials now hope to have the ship upright by late June or early July and to tow it to some port by September . During Sunday 's ceremony , the skies were overcast and a fierce wind blew . The seas were rough , and the waves washed up against the wreckage and salvage barges with such force that crews had to reinforce their equipment . "  Thank God the weather was n't like this last year , " Karin Fogazzi told reporters as she stared at the wreckage . The weather was more temperate last year , when she and her husband Roberto escaped the ship carrying their 10-month-old son Daniel down a rope ladder . The family came on Sunday to mark the occasion , she said , and to try to help deal with the post-traumatic stress disorder they 've been battling over the past year . The Concordia 's captain , Francesco Schettino , could face charges that include manslaughter and abandoning ship . Other crew members and Concordia executives also could face trial . Schettino has said that managers of the cruise line instructed him to sail close to the island and has denied allegations that he was sailing too fast . He said the rock the ship struck was not indicated on his charts of the area . In an interview with Italy 's "  Domenica In " television show on Sunday , Schettino blamed the ship 's helmsman for misunderstanding orders to avoid the rocks . The captain said he 'd felt pain over the victims ' deaths every day for the past year . The day was a somber reminder of the lives lost in the shipwreck , but it was also important for the 900 residents of Giglio to commemorate an event that changed their island forever . "  This is not a celebration , " Mayor Sergio Ortelli said . "  This year has been dramatic for the people of this island who have had their whole lives turned upside down by this event . We hope our island returns to a place of tranquility once the steel monster out there is towed away . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : In a television interview , the ship 's captain says he was not responsible for the wreck Family members and survivors mark the anniversary with a somber memorial The Costa Concordia ran aground off Italian island last year , killing 32 people Several hundred passengers are in Giglio to commemorate the anniversary
CNN  -- Australian disc jockey Michael Christian told an interviewer that "  Prank calls are made every day on every radio station in every country around the world , and they have been for a long time , and no one could have imagined this to happen . " He was talking about the suicide of Jacintha Saldanha , a nurse who was on the receiving end of a prank call he made with co-host Mel Greig . They pretended to be Prince Charles and Queen Elizabeth II phoning King Edward VII Hospital in London to find out the condition of the Duchess of Cambridge , who had been admitted for a severe case of morning sickness . Saldanha apparently felt so humiliated by falling for the ruse that she took her own life . I 'm not an expert in mental health , so I 'm not in a position to evaluate the extent to which the radio station 's gag played a role in Saldanha 's death . But I do have proof that it 's possible for disc jockeys to play a practical joke on someone without anyone getting hurt . In 1993 , morning radio personality Brent Douglas from KMOD-FM in Tulsa , Oklahoma , began posing as a rustic , angry fellow named Roy D. Mercer . He 'd call unsuspecting folks in the community and tell them they 'd committed some injustice against him , such as selling him a burrito that created stomach trouble at the christening of his grandniece . Mercer 's outrageous demands for retribution quickly led to threats of an "  a ** - whuppin ' , " but just as the person on the receiving end was about to blow his stack , Douglas and co-host Phil Stone let the patsy in on the joke . Everyone has a good laugh , and no one was worse for wear . The Mercer character has developed a huge following across the country through CDs sold at truck stops , but I 'd never heard of him until a music subscription service recommended him after I listened to an album by Larry the Cable Guy . From the moment I heard the first track , I was hooked , and I ended up playing every album more times than I can count -- as my beleaguered wife will attest . For samples of Mercer calls , click on menu 's "  speed dial " Whatever the supposed injustice that Mercer encountered , the result was always the same : a request for an outrageous sum of money to right the wrong , followed by the threat of violence , and ending with the recipient of the call being informed that the whole thing was a ruse set up by a friend . Weinstein 's interview with Douglas and Stone The Australian DJs ' mistake was not the making of the call , which done artfully might indeed have been funny . Rather , they erred in not letting the person who took the call know that the whole thing was a joke . Whether this would have prevented Saldhana 's suicide is hard to say . Perhaps she was so troubled that the slightest upset would have brought about her tragic choice . But this sad story should be a wake-up call for radio hosts around the world to follow the Roy D. Mercer model of prank calls : Let the person in on the joke before things spiral out of control . The ethical principle at the heart of this policy is simple : Do No Harm . We associate this principle with health care professionals , and rightly so : We 'd like our physicians to make us better . But at the very least , we can expect that they wo n't make us worse . The Do No Harm principle is a bedrock of ethics courses every would-be medical , nursing , dental and pharmacy student must take to graduate . Yet Do No Harm applies not just to health care providers but to radio personalities , their producers and everyone else . What would the world be like if we could n't be confident that people we encounter will not harm us , and that they will be punished if they willfully do so ? No one would want to leave home , and as we learn from CNN daily , too many folks around the world live in such fear . Of course , terrorists , dictators and other despots violate the Do No Harm principle regularly , which is why it makes sense to speak of just wars . Even one of our most notable advocates of peace , Sir Paul McCartney , responded to 9/11 with a song whose chorus goes , "  We will fight for the right to live in freedom . " Still , the fact that some or even a lot of people intentionally cause harm every day does not mean that Do No Harm is an unrealistic guideline for living responsibly . Even if many people do X , if does n't follow that X is right or good . Disc jockey Michael Christian may be correct that prank calls are part and parcel of radio programs around the world . But the public still has a right to demand that media professionals avoid doing or saying things that would reasonably cause others to feel humiliated or degraded . I call upon radio hosts , producers and station owners in every country to formally adopt the Do No Harm principle in their employment policies , so that incidents like the royal hoax can be avoided . On a sad note , Phil Stone , who helped to write much of Roy D. Mercer 's material , died a few weeks ago . His death was not related to the pranks he pulled , but it did galvanize people across the country to mourn the loss of a good-natured fellow whose practical jokes were both funny and respectful . His final CD , "  Red , White and Bruised , " will be released next month by Capitol Nashville/EMI . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Weinstein .	Nurse killed herself after she fell for Australian DJs ' hoax call to Kate Middleton Bruce Wienstein : Radio pranks are here to stay , but DJs can soften the humiliation One radio show played hilarious pranks , he says , but later let the patsy in on it Weinstein : Principle of "  Do No Harm " should guide us in our dealings in jobs , life
CNN  -- German Bundesliga giants Bayern Munich have confirmed Mark van Bommel as their captain for the new season , with Philipp Lahm named as vice-captain . Bayern Munich captain Van Bommel will be hoping to lift more trophies for the Bavarian giants this season . The Dutch midfielder was given the captain 's armband by Jurgen Klinsmann last season after Oliver Kahn retired . However , the arrival of Anatoliy Tymoschuk from Zenit St Petersburg seemed to suggest that Van Bommel 's place in the Bayern team was no longer guaranteed , but new coach Louis Van Gaal has decided that his compatriot will indeed be one of the first names on his team sheet next season . "  We have been observing his behavior on and off the field over the last four weeks and the influence he has on the club and on the squad , " explained Van Gaal 's assistant Andries Jonker on Bayern 's official Web site . Tymoschuk must now fear for his place in the Bayern team after being told he is only second-choice behind Van Bommel . And , since Van Gaal has made it clear that he wanted to choose a captain who will play every week , Tymoschuk may have to spend much of his first season in Bavaria sitting on the substitutes ' bench . "  He can not play in his best position in our system , " admitted Van Gaal . "  That is where Van Bommel plays . He could play on the right , but I have chosen Hamit Altintop for there . Every player is compared to his rivals and the coach makes the decisions . " Meanwhile , Bayern 's French midfielder Franck Ribery has been declared fit to resume training after a summer spent battling tendonitis in his knee . Ribery missed the pre-season Audi Cup tournament involving Manchester United , AC Milan and Boca Juniors and is not likely to make Saturday 's opening Bundesliga home match against Hoffenheim . But the France international , who was Monday called into his country 's squad for the World Cup qualifier with the Faroe Isles in Torshavn on August 12 , will be ready to train on Wednesday ,	Bayern Munich confirm Mark van Bommel as their captain for the new season The Dutchman was given armband by Jurgen Klinsmann after Oliver Kahn quit Franck Ribery declared fit to stary training after battling tendonitis in his knee
Rafael Villares is a talented Cuban artist who appears to work effortlessly in mediums such as painting and sculpture . But for years , he has had an even more ambitious project in mind , one that seems like a fantasy from a Gabriel Garcia Marquez novel . "  The idea would be to follow in the footsteps of the first explorers to Cuba and photograph the northern and southern coasts to create one panoramic image , " he said . "  It would be one horizon , so you ca n't tell if it 's an island or a continent . It 's a search to capture Cuba 's geography in 2012 . " Villares never attempted his journey though , and not just because of the immense logistical challenges and government restrictions . His biggest obstacle was there was zero funding available for the trip . While artists abound in Cuba , they , like everyone else , face constant shortages in materials and a United States economic embargo that complicates the sale of their work . But now , two years after scrapping his plans to travel and photograph the island , Villares has the $ 1,300 he needs for his journey . The funds came from an unexpected source , a website called Yagruma . Named for a tree native to Cuba , Yagruma is the first crowd-funding website aimed at helping artists finance projects in Cuba . "  Everyone 's talking about Yagruma , " Villares said . "  That 's the fun part , how it 's getting buzz among young artists who have ideas for projects but do n't have the funds to do them . " On Yagruma , artists approved by the website 's creators upload a sample of their work -- a challenge itself given the island 's scarce and mostly dial-up Internet . Yagruma then publishes their work along with their biography , a description of their next project and a request for contributions . The artists typically wait about 30 days as donations trickle in . As with many crowd-funding sites , only projects that are fully financed receive Yagruma 's backing . The website keeps 5 % of the funds to cover operating costs . So far , Yagruma has financed five projects and has another 10 in various stages of fundraising . The projects range from a documentary on an iconic Cuban song to a stop-motion short film of a man being chased by scissors and a straight razor . Site creators say the artists they feature express themselves freely and represent the incredible variety of Cuba 's independent art scene . "  The way people use Yagruma so far has exceeded my expectations , " said Ubaldo Huerta , one of the site 's co-creators along with fellow Cuban Hiram Centelles Rodriguez . "  I see people who understand how to use it perfectly and how to compete for funding , present a project to attract backers and very quickly learn . " Huerta and Rodriguez live in Spain but are drawn to the notion that the Internet can improve the lives of Cubans back home . An earlier site they collaborated on , El Revolico , is the closest thing Cuba has to Craigslist . Even though the site is blocked by the government , Cubans still find ways to access El Revolico so they can sell cars , houses and just about everything else . Huerta said he is concerned that Yagruma might also run afoul with authorities . "  In Cuba , everything in a way is mediated by the government , the cultural establishment , " he said . "  We are more than happy to talk with the government if they show an interest in who we are , how the site works . " Yagruma , he said , is a rare example of what many Cubans on both sides of the Florida straits say they seek to accomplish : reconciliation . "  What I am hoping is to foster creativity in Cuba to create a bridge between Cubans like me in the diaspora and Cubans on the island , " Huerta said . "  It costs us nothing to shell out $ 20 - $ 30 , and it goes a long way in Cuba . " From his small art studio in the apartment he shares with his relatives , Villares is already at work trying to stretch the funds he received from Yagruma . He is excited "  to see the whole country , travel all of Cuba -- not just know it from outside , but meet the fishermen , the farmers who live there , the out-of-the-way places ... all the places in Cuba that you do n't even imagine . " Villares is hoping to begin traveling the island this summer , when the ocean is calmer . Until then , he researches the software and cameras he could use to create a sprawling panorama of the island . And when he finally completes the odyssey , Villares will upload his finished work to Yagruma , in the hopes of attracting more financing for Cuba 's independent artists .	Because of the U.S. embargo , many young artists in Cuba are n't able to finance their work But a website called Yagruma is making it easy for people to donate to Cuban art projects Yagruma 's co-creator hopes it will "  create a bridge " between Cubans inside , outside Cuba
CNN  -- Australian motor racing legend Jack Brabham -- a three-time Formula One world champion and the only driver to win the title in a car bearing his name -- has died aged 88 . Over the course of a 15-year Formula One career beginning in 1955 , Brabham won three drivers ' world championships , becoming the first Australian to win the title despite coming late to the sport . The first two titles , in 1959 and 1960 , were earned as a driver for the Cooper team . The third and most notable occurred in 1966 , when , at 40-years-old , he won racing for Brabham , the successful car manufacturer and racing team he founded . The team won the constructors ' championships that season and the following year , with teammate Denny Hulme following in Brabham 's footsteps to finish top of the drivers ' standings in 1967 . "  He lived an incredible life , achieving more than anyone would ever dream of and he will continue to live on through the astounding legacy he leaves behind , " Brabham 's youngest son , David , wrote in a message on the family 's website . David , who , like his two brothers , followed his father into a career in motorsport , said the racing legend had passed peacefully at his home on Australia 's Gold Coast . He had eaten breakfast with his wife , Lady Margaret . "  It 's a very sad day for all of us , " said David , who spent two seasons in F1 in the 1990s but made a name for himself in sports cars , winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 2009 . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott declared that "  Australia has lost a legend " as the news of his passing was announced . "  With his pioneering spirit , Sir Jack Brabham personified many great Australian characteristics . He was respected and admired for his spirit and for his great skill as an engineer . " Late bloomer The son of a Sydney greengrocer , Jack Brabham was an engineer by trade , working as a flight mechanic for the Royal Australian Air Force during the Second World War , as well as running a small engineering workshop . He moved to Britain to pursue his racing career in the 1950s , and was eventually given his chance behind the wheel by Cooper in 1955 , his appearance in the cockpit coinciding with the end of front-engined cars in the sport . Four years later , he won the first of his three drivers ' crowns , famously sealing his 1959 victory in the driver 's championship by pushing his car to the finishing line after having run out of fuel on the last lap at the inaugural U.S. Grand Prix . He finished the race in fourth place to secure the title . Brabham retired at the end of the 1970 season , the year of his 14th and final grand prix victory , selling his racing team at the same time . In 1979 , he became the first driver to be knighted for services to motorsport . Brabham , the team he founded with Australian designer Ron Tauranac , won four Formula One drivers ' championships and two constructors ' championships during its three decades in operation . Noted figures associated with the team included Hulme , Nelson Piquet , Bernie Ecclestone and McLaren chairman and CEO Ron Dennis . ` Most illustrious ' Dennis paid tribute to the man who gave him his first break in a statement on McLaren 's website , calling him "  one of the most illustrious names in motor racing history " and said Brabham 's achievement in becoming Formula One champion in a car he built himself "  will surely never be matched . " "  The word ` legend ' is often used to describe successful sportsmen , but often it exaggerates their status . In the case of Sir Jack Brabham , however , it 's entirely justified , " he wrote . "  When I started out in Formula One in the late 1960s , I worked first for Cooper and then for Brabham . Even as a callow youth , I could recognize greatness when I saw it , and I 'll always regard it as an honor and a privilege to have worked for Sir Jack . I learned a lot from him too . " Mick Doohan , a five-time motorcycle world champion , said he was in awe of Brabham 's achievements . "  He set the bar pretty high , " said Doohan . "  He was a great guy and , looking back on what he achieved , it was just amazing . " Red Bull racer Daniel Ricciardo tweeted : "  Sorry to hear about Sir Jack Brabham . A great Australian who inspired many Aussies to pursue our dreams . " Australian actor Eric Bana , himself a keen racer , also paid his respects . "  Build them , race them , win them . We will never see another like the great Sir Jack Brabham , " he tweeted . People we 've lost in 2014	Australian Formula One legend Jack Brabham has died aged 88 Brabham is the only driver to win the title in a car he built himself He won three drivers ' world championships and founded a successful racing team McLaren boss Ron Dennis said his achievements would never be matched
CNN  -- How much of a role do humans play in climate change ? A new report scheduled to come out on Friday will give scientists ' latest take on the topic . The United Nations report is expected to contain language that further identifies the role human activity is playing in increasing global temperatures through burning of fossil fuels and greenhouse gas emissions . The last report , in 2007 , indicated that it was "  very likely " that humans were responsible for most of the observed warming -- a judgment that corresponds to a confidence level greater than 90 % . A draft that leaked in August raised that confidence level to "  extremely likely , " or greater than 95 % confidence that humans are responsible for the majority of global warming through carbon pollution . The impacts of this warming are already being seen through increases in extreme weather events such as heat waves , droughts and extreme flooding events , which the assessment will highlight . The report will lay out projections for climate change through the end of the century , based upon four different carbon emission scenarios . Those range from a low end which would require significant cutbacks in emissions , to a worst-case scenario in which carbon emissions would continue to climb unabated . The projections will provide more details about sea-level rise , for which observations show rates increasing , and should give a more precise estimate of the levels we will see at the end of the century . Loss of sea ice will also be addressed , and the report will discuss the accelerating loss of sea ice in the Arctic and the slight increase of ice seen in the Antarctic . Hundreds of experts weigh in The latest Assessment Report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change brings together the latest research from top scientists around the field . It contains a "  summary for policymakers " aimed at guiding politicians and lawmakers worldwide on decisions regarding the environment over the next several years . The U.N. panel releases a report every five or six years . Friday 's report is the culmination of work by over 250 authors from 39 countries and was subject to an extensive review process involving more than 1,000 experts . More than 850 expert authors from 85 countries contributed research for the full report , which will be released in three stages through April . The first , on the physical science behind climate change , accompanies the summary for policymakers . The second , expected in March , will cover "  impacts and vulnerabilities " of climate change ; the third , on mitigation efforts , is set to go out in April . Bloomberg : Why Sandy forced cities to take lead on climate change Climate change may increase violence , study shows Critics of the report Despite the overall breadth of the scientific expertise involved , and the extensive review and approval process , the IPCC Assessment Reports spark quite a few criticisms , from both climate change believers and skeptics . Skeptics claim the IPCC exists only to produce further evidence supporting the idea of man-made climate change while ignoring opposing research . But climate change activists , and many climate scientists , believe that the IPCC 's consensus-seeking policy produces conclusions and estimates that are too conservative . Another often-cited critique of the report is that , due to its size and lengthy approval process , it is already outdated by the time it is released . Several important studies already have been published in the past year in the constantly evolving science of climate change that will not be included in this assessment . Despite the critics , this week 's document will serve as a major measuring stick for the current state of the world 's climate and what type of change is in store . The summary for policymakers will be available Friday at www.climatechange2013.org . Climate sticker shock : Arctic thaw could cost $ 60 trillion	The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change released a report every five or six years A draft that leaked in August said there is more certainty that humans are playing a role The report will lay out projections for climate change through the end of the century The first section of the report is aimed at assisting policymakers
CNN  -- Another voice that could have told about the horrors of being a "  comfort woman " -- a sex slave used by Japanese soldiers during World War II -- has fallen silent , according to South Korean authorities . Hwang Keum-ja , 89 , died of lung and respiratory disease at a hospital in Seoul Sunday . Cho Yoon-sun , South Korea 's Minister of Gender and Equality and Family , said she had been attempting to meet each of her country 's surviving comfort women individually , but had not yet visited Hwang . "  My heart is aching as she died before I was able to meet her , " she said in a statement , praising Hwang for her efforts to support others despite the hardships she faced , and vowing that her government would deliver greater support to other comfort women . Japan forced about 200,000 women into sex slavery , luring them to "  comfort stations " set up throughout East Asia by the Japanese military from 1932 until the end of the war , according to nonprofit advocacy group Washington Coalition for Comfort Women Issues . Mostly Korean , the women were lied to and told they would get jobs if they went to the brothels , the center says . CNN has widely reported on the stories of the women . Many have said they were kidnapped . For resisting sex , some say , they were raped and beaten . Hwang Keum-ja was forced to work at a glass factory at 13 and then sent to China to work as a sex slave at 16 , South Korea 's state news agency Yonhap reported . After Korea was freed from Japanese occupation in 1945 , she went home and lived the rest of her life alone , the agency said . She worked as a garbage collector , but did n't make enough , so she had to rely on government subsidies . It 's unclear how , but she was able to make three donations to a scholarship fund totaling more than $ 92,000 , which helped earn her an award for her generosity in 2011 in Korea , Yonhap said . Hwang 's dying wish was that all her assets be donated to charity . She had one adopted son , according to the ministry . The Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs states : "  Japan has extended its sincere apologies and remorse to all those women on various occasions such as an apology statement by the Chief Cabinet Secretary Yohei Kono in 1993 . " The country has helped establish the Asian Women 's Fund in 1995 , which is supported by government funds and provides assistance to former comfort women . The South Korean government however does not believe this is enough . Along with the surviving comfort women it is calling for an official government apology , acknowledging legal responsibility for the crimes . Seoul wants Tokyo to provide direct compensation to the victims . But Japan has resisted direct payments to the victims , prompting activists and former comfort women to say leaders are avoiding officially acknowledging what happened . In 2013 , the mayor of Osaka , Japan , stirred fierce controversy when he told reporters that "  anyone would understand " the role of "  comfort women " when soldiers were risking their lives and deserved a "  rest . " Toru Hashimoto said the use of the women was "  necessary . " Though he acknowledged the issue was a "  tragic result of war , " Hashimoto insisted that soldiers using the women was n't unique to Japan . Hashimoto also revealed that he told a U.S. military commander during a trip to a base on the island of Okinawa that U.S. personnel should "  utilize more " the adult entertainment business in Japan . South Korea has urged Japan to resolve the issue directly with victims , noting that time is running out because most of them are elderly and dying . Hwang 's death brings the total number of living South Korean victims of the comfort women sex slavery circuit in South Korea down to 55 , 5 of whom live abroad . CNN 's KJ Kwon contributed to this report .	Hwang Keum-ja died in South Korea , one of the dwindling number of "  comfort women " Japan forced 200,000 women into sex slavery to service WWII Japanese soldiers Japan has formally apologized for atrocities against "  comfort women "
CNN  -- The exhumation of three bodies from a Florentine crypt may have brought Italian researchers a step closer to confirming the identity of the woman believed to be the subject of Leonardo da Vinci 's famous "  Mona Lisa " painting , also known as "  La Gioconda . " "  La Gioconda " refers to Lisa Gherardini , the second wife of a Florentine silk merchant , Francesco del Giocondo . The remains of del Giocondo , his son by Gherardini -- Piero -- and Gherardini 's stepson Bartolomeo have been uncovered in their family crypt , the authority of Florence has announced . A team led by Silvano Vinceti accessed the remains beneath the Chapel of the Holy Martyrs , in Florence on August 6 , it said in a statement . Last year , Vinceti 's team exhumed the remains of eight women from the ruins of a Franciscan convent in Florence where old city records said Gherardini had been buried . A laboratory at the University of Bologna had established that three of the skeletons at the St. Ursula convent were consistent with the age at which Gherardini had died , the statement said . Further carbon testing to establish which of those skeletons dated from the 16th century -- when Gherardini died -- was being carried out at the University of Salento , it quoted Vinceti as saying . If DNA taken from the del Giocondo family remains matched one of the skeletons found in the convent ruins , the skeleton could be confirmed as Gherardini 's , he said . Scientists could then reconstruct Gherardini 's face and compare it to da Vinci 's mysterious portrait . Talking to CNN 's Ben Wedeman when the convent skeletons were found last year , Vinceti said the reconstruction would have a margin of error of just 2 to 8 % -- once researchers factored in that Gherardini had probably been in her early 20s when she posed for da Vinci . Read more : Researchers hope to uncover who 's behind ` Mona Lisa ' smile Vinceti told Wedeman he was certain that da Vinci had been commissioned to paint a portrait of Gherardini but could not be sure that the "  Mona Lisa " was of her , or just contained some of her features . For starters , the famous smile was not Gherardini 's , he said . Analysis of the "  Mona Lisa " had shown that "  when Leonardo began painting the model in front of him , he did not draw that metaphysical , ironic , poignant , elusive smile , but rather he painted a person who was dark and depressed . " A reconstruction would finally answer the question art historians had been unable to resolve , Vinceti said : "  Who was the model for Leonardo ? " Read more : Da Vinci 's lost masterpiece may be found	Remains of relatives of the woman believed to be the "  Mona Lisa " model have been found Researchers plan to check their DNA against the DNA of a skeleton found at her burial site If there is a match , they will reconstruct the skeleton 's face and compare it to the portrait
CNN  -- Dads in short shorts and moms in beehive hairdos are becoming all the rage on the Internet . Parents are usually the first to show off pictures of their kids , but that role has been reversed in a new breed of style blogs in which children submit nostalgic and stylish photos of their parents from back in the day . Blogs like My Mom , the Style Icon , My Parents Were Awesome and Dads in Short Shorts allow proud children to submit nostalgic pictures of their parents to put on display for the world . "  Similar to the way that young people look to celebrities as style icons , more people are looking to these attainable vintage fashions from their parents and there is a growing population of people who prefer these classic looks , " said Margot Nason , editor of the trend forecasting newsletter Trend Central . What is so unique about these blogs is that the photos celebrate just how cool today 's offspring think their parents are . Rather than laughing or cringing at old photos of their folks , today 's children want everyone to see their parents in their heyday . Newspaper editor Piper Weiss got the idea for My Mom , the Style Icon when she was rifling through her mother 's closet in search of vintage clothes to steal for her own wardrobe . "  I began using pictures of her before I was born as a guide to my own style because I figured whatever looked good on her when she was young would look good on me now , " said Weiss , 31 . "  I discovered a photo album of pictures of her before she met my dad and she was so heart-stoppingly gorgeous I wanted to share them with everyone I knew . I started the blog with pictures of my mom and then people 's own submissions started rolling in . " Since the Web site has been live for a little more than a month , Weiss has received several hundred submissions of parent pictures from folks who want to memorialize their mom and dad 's most stylish years on the Internet . During a recession , folks are more likely to indulge in the kind of nostalgia these old pictures evoke . "  Times of uncertainty make you long for the past , and the nostalgia of these pictures makes people feel safe , " said Samantha Marcus Yanks , editor-in-chief of Gotham and Hamptons magazines . "  And a bit of nostalgia is inspirational in fashion these days , because it seems more affordable . " The Web site Dads in Short Shorts , started by marketing manager Tara Eisenberg , 26 , and painter Annie Kyle , 26 , has a genesis similar to My Mom , the Style Icon . "  On a summer road trip we were looking through an old photo album and discovered a shot of a dad in bright yellow shorts mixed in with seemingly normal family photos , " Eisenberg said . "  The mom claimed the shot was an ` accident ' and that she was just ` testing the camera . ' Upon further investigation , we noticed a lot of our friends had similar ` accidents ' in their old photo albums , and thus the blog was born . " Dads in Short Shorts has had more the 50 submissions of dads wearing above the knee pants , with more pouring in every day . How do parents feel about being exposed in all their youthful glory and occasional fashion disasters on the Internet for all to see ? "  The blog is great fun for me and the nostalgia is a trip , " said Marilyn Weiss about her debut on My Mom , the Style Icon . "  Not many guests want to sit down and see your old photos . They want to show you theirs . "  Fortunately for this mom , my daughter has provided me with quite an extensive and diverse audience . " Samantha Josephs , whose mom , Susan Buckner , played Patty Simcox in the movie version of "  Grease , " was inspired to send a picture of her mom from the '70s when she was touring with Dean Martin and the Golddiggers . "  The photos that I 've collected from her from all of the girls in the group were always my favorite because of the platinum big hair and the kitten eyes , " Josephs said . "  My mother looks iconic in the photo , and I still look at her the same when I see her now . " Buckner was certainly a style icon in her own right in the '70s , but being made one in the Internet age held a whole new meaning . "  My mom screamed when she saw it . She thanked me a thousand times over , made it her screen saver and said what an amazing gift this was to her to be made an icon on the Internet , " Josephs said .	Some "  kids " are proud of how stylish their parents were years ago Photos from the '60s and '70s are popping up on sites celebrating parents 3 to check : Dads in short shorts , My Parents Were Awesome , My Mom , The Style Icon Old photo albums and recessionary times may have sparked nostalgia
CNN  -- Both Brazil and Indonesia have embarked on programs to protect their tropical rainforests , which contain a rich treasury of life . Although many millions of species are known to inhabit this ecosystem , quantifying precisely how many plants and animals rely on the rainforest is difficult . David Ainsworth of the Secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity told CNN : "  It is estimated that at least two-thirds of all Earth 's terrestrial species are found in tropical forests . "  The exact number of species which depend on tropical rainforests is not known -- but they are very old ecosystems that have survived ice ages and allowed uninterrupted evolution over millions of years . " In collating forest biodiversity research for CNN , the Secretariat highlighted one example that shows the astonishing variety of life : Yasuni National Park in Ecuador is less than 0.5 % of the Amazon basin but estimated to contain 100,000 species of insects -- or about the same as the whole of North America . Environmental protection group , The Nature Conservancy , says a typical 10-square-kilometre  four-square-mile  patch of rainforest contains as many as 1,500 flowering plants , 750 species of trees , 400 species of birds and 150 species of butterflies . And new species are being discovered all the time . In January , CNN reported that scientists had found 46 previously unknown species in southwest Suriname in South America -- including an amphibian nicknamed the Pac-Man Frog that has a mouth as wide as its body and a new species of insect , affectionately referred to as the Crayola Katydid . The Secretariat adds : "  Excluding microbes , it is estimated that about 6,200 species are discovered every year and given that tropical forests contain a disproportionately large number of Earth 's land species , it can be assumed that many are in the forests . " As well its timber resources , the forests have provided agricultural land , food , water , minerals and energy -- and a home for many indigenous forest peoples . There are hidden benefits too . Forest plants are a source of chemicals and medicines , some of which have been used in the treatment of cancers . The Millennium Ecosystem Assessment in 2005 suggested that forests are the basis of more than 5,000 commercial products . Read more : Brazil vote sparks fears for future of rainforest	Scientists believe at least two-thirds of Earth 's land species found in tropical forests Yasuni National Park in Ecuador estimated to contain 100,000 species of insects As well timber , forests provide agricultural land , food , water , minerals and energy
It 's harvest time in Napa Valley , and it appears that the 6.0-magnitude earthquake that struck Northern California did not impact vineyards or the grapes on the vine , a local vintners ' association said . The Sunday earthquake that sent more than 100 people to the hospital also sent wine barrels tumbling and wine bottles flying in the early morning hours . Yet a majority of region 's vineyards are open for visitors . Some wineries suffered damage to their barrel storage areas , wine inventory and production equipment over the weekend , but "  there were no reports of winery employees being injured by the earthquake , " according a statement by Napa Valley Vintners , an association of 500 area vintners . Signorello Estate , which took to social media to announce the Napa winery would be closed Sunday , reopened Monday for business , an employee told CNN . Napa 's Etude Wines stayed closed another day on Monday to clean up damage from the earthquake , but announced on its website that its tasting room would reopen on Tuesday . "  Weather throughout the growing season has been ideal and vintners are expecting yet another excellent vintage , the third year in a row in the region , " the association reported . Vintners who have quake-damaged equipment or facilities can contact the association to find "  temporary tanks and other production equipment to help them get through the next few weeks . " Most of the valley is operating normally , Napa City Manager Mike Parness said at a Sunday news conference . "  I 've been getting a lot of calls from people from outside the area that were planning on coming here ,  who  are worried about it for fear this is some kind of disaster area , which means they ca n't come here and enjoy the valley , " he said . "  Conditions will be vastly improved over the next few days as we get on top of this . " California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom , who owns his own wineries , echoed that sentiment in an interview with CNN . "  I have a winemaker down the street from us -- they were devastated . Dozens and dozens of their barrels collapsed , " he said . "  My winery , for instance , no barrels collapsed . " Parness encouraged visitors to check with their hotels and then make a judgment call about visiting . "  Most of the places in the valley have not been impacted , " he said . Tourists are key to Napa Valley 's economic health . The region 's nearly 3 million annual visitors generate some $ 1.4 billion yearly in direct tourism spending , according to the 2012 Napa Valley Economic Impact Study . The 13,409 travelers who visit daily together spend an average of $ 3.82 million . While the Visit Napa Valley tourism office says that most businesses are open as usual , the group noted that some historic downtown Napa businesses had been damaged . The group is keeping a growing list of open businesses on its website , but officials also suggested calling first to confirm your plans . "  It appears the majority of the damage was centered on specific areas in the city of Napa , " the bureau said , in a press statement . "  The regions around Yountville , St. Helena and Calistoga seem to have experienced minimal damage and disruption . " Everyone at Peju Winery , just north of Napa in Rutherford , made it through the earthquake without any injuries or damage , the company said . "  To all of our guests who are wondering , all of us at Peju Winery are fine , " according to Peju 's Facebook page . "  Peju is open for business today  Sunday  and we look forward to seeing you soon ! "	This year 's Napa grape harvest not damaged by earthquake Some wineries re-opened Monday after cleaning up damage Many wineries never had to close their doors Call or check your winery 's social media accounts before showing up
New Brunswick , New Jersey  CNN  -- The man with whom Tyler Clementi had a sexual encounter is soon expected to take the stand in the trial of a former Rutgers University student accused of spying on Clementi . Wednesday marked the fourth day of Dharun Ravi 's trial . Prosecutors say he and another student placed a camera in Clementi 's dorm room without his knowledge to allegedly spy on his encounter with the man . Prosecutors have withheld the man 's name , listing him only as "  M.B. , " to protect his identity . He is expected to testify Thursday . Just days after the webcam incident in 2010 , Clementi committed suicide by jumping off the George Washington Bridge , which connects New Jersey and Manhattan . Ravi , 20 , now faces a 15-count indictment in Clementi 's death that includes hate crime charges , charges of invasion of privacy , bias intimidation , tampering with physical evidence , witness tampering and hindering apprehension or prosecution . If convicted , he faces up to 10 years in prison . Last year , he turned down a plea deal that would have allowed him to avoid jail time . The deal offered by Middlesex County prosecutors would have required the former student to undergo 600 hours of community service , counseling and to dispose of any information that could identify the man who appeared in the web video with Clementi . Prosecutors also offered to help Ravi avoid deportation , though they said they could not guarantee it . Ravi is a citizen of India who had been studying on a visa at the New Jersey university . On Tuesday , the second student charged in the case took the stand again , saying she felt "  sad " and "  overwhelmed " in the wake of the incident . Molly Wei , 19 , reached a plea deal that requires her to testify against Ravi . "  Police officers told me that they believe Tyler is missing and that he possibly committed suicide and I was feeling very -- I was sad , overwhelmed . I felt very bad if anything had happened , " Wei told jurors during her second day of testimony . Prosecutor : "  These acts were purposeful " Should Wei complete a three-year program on cyberbullying , as well as 300 hours of community service without any additional legal troubles , charges against her for allegedly watching the video will be dropped , according to prosecutors . She also testified about when she learned of messages Ravi allegedly sent about the stream . "  I was very surprised because my friends brought it up , and I had no idea how they knew , but they said that Dharun had told them . ... They told me about these Twitter , tweets , that they received on Tuesday about him trying to have a viewing party , " said Wei . Less than a month after Clementi 's suicide , President Barack Obama released a videotaped message condemning bullying . In November , Clementi 's family consented to the use of his name on federal anti-harassment legislation called the "  Tyler Clementi Higher Education Anti-Harassment Act . " The proposed law would require schools that receive federal student aid "  to create policies prohibiting the harassment of any student , " said Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey .	NEW : A key witness is expected to testify Thursday Ravi faces a 15-count indictment that includes hate crime charges He is accused of streaming footage of his roommate having sex with another man Roommate Tyler Clementi killed himself , jumping from the George Washington Bridge
CNN  -- China 's Olympic adventure may be over , but new age chanteuse Sa Dingding is one global export that in many ways echoes the Beijing Olympic fantasy of "  One World . One Dream . " Sa Dingding 's music should find a home on the iPods of millions of chill-out world music fans . Born to a Mongolian mother and Han Chinese father , she sings in Mandarin , Tibetan , Sanskrit , and the rare dialect of Lagu , while fusing chill-out beats and floaty instrumentation played on zither , horse head fiddle and bamboo flute . Already hugely popular in China , she has been finding similar success farther afield : Her first album sold 2 million copies in Southeast Asia , and she has appeared on MTV . Earlier this year she won a BBC Radio 3 World Music Award as well as performing at the Royal Albert Hall in London . Her linguistic skills and musicianship were honed from a young age . Born in Inner Mongolia in 1983 , she spent three years until the age of 6 with her grandmother , living a nomadic life in northern China , where her imagination and creativity were allowed to roam free . "  We actually lived in a small city between grassland and the big city . In spring time , we move to the grassland . And in winter time , we moved back to the city , "  she told CNN 's Talk Asia . "  The whole memory of my childhood is in one word : Play . I just played everywhere on the grassland . And there a lot of interesting things happened which affected the ... life of mine . " Later she became a student of Buddhism and yoga as well as becoming a multi-instrumentalist , releasing her first album at the age of 18 . Melding different musical cultures and ethnic influences , notably Tibetan , has also caused a certain amount of discussion , especially on her own position toward the status of Tibet within China . "  From a musician 's point of view , Tibetan culture and its music can not be seen as an isolated subject ... lots and lots of other ethnicities have added their colors on the Tibetan culture . So I see the Tibetan culture nowadays as an integral part of the greater Chinese culture , " she said . Aiming to avoid controversy , organizers of the Glastonbury festival dropped her from this year 's lineup . "  I do n't quite understand the reason behind -LSB- it -RSB- . To me , art and music really belong to the whole world and they should n't be limited by boundaries . So I really hope that I could join Glastonbury next year , " she said . Until then further explorations in language and music beckon , and there have been recent collaborations with house music DJ Paul Oakenfold and French chill-out duo Deep Forest in Europe . "  It 's very amazing because when I had to return to China , they drove me to the airport and told me : ` Life is full of miracles . When you first arrived here , these three songs did n't exist . But now you 're leaving , and we have three wonderful new songs . ' "	Half-Mongolian , half-Chinese musician mixes ethnic influences with chill-out beats First album sold over 2 million copies in South East Asia Deemed too controversial by Glastonbury Festival and dropped from line-up
CNN  -- Has the world of football bitten back ? One of the game 's most controversial characters , Luis Suarez , has been left off the 23-man longlist for the prestigious Ballon d'Or for "  disgracing himself on the pitch . " The award , which is voted for by coaches and captains of national teams and journalists across the world selected by France Football Magazine , will be awarded in Zurich , Switzerland , on January 12 . While the likes of holder Cristiano Ronaldo and four-time winner Lionel Messi are up for the gong , Suarez 's name is nowhere to be seen , despite the former Liverpool striker jointly winning the Golden Boot with the Real Madrid forward . Barcelona 's Suarez returned to action in last weekend 's El Clasico against Real Madrid after completing his four-month ban for biting Giorgio Chiellini during Uruguay 's World Cup clash with Italy . Football 's bad boy has paid the price for his behavior according to Philippe Auclair , the London-based correspondent for France Football Magazine . "  The criteria used for the selection of the longlist of Ballon d'Or contenders by France Football and FIFA are very clear , " Auclair told CNN . "  A player who has disgraced himself on the pitch as Suarez has , can not and will not be included , regardless of his achievements throughout the calendar year . "  In short , under no circumstances could the Uruguayan be considered for the award . I think that this is clear enough . " Suarez joined the Catalan club for a transfer fee reported to be in the region of  # 75 million  $ 128.5 million  following a sensational season with Liverpool . The 27-year-old scored 31 goals for Liverpool with the team just missing out on the English Premier League title , although it did qualify for the Champions League for the first time in four seasons . Suarez 's snub looks to have come following his bite on Chiellini -- the third time he has committed such an offense during his career . Tony Barrett , football writer for the Times newspaper who watched Suarez on a weekly basis during his time at Liverpool , says the forward can only blame himself for his absence from the list of nominees . "  On the basis of his outstanding form last season , Luis Suarez 's omission from the nominees for the Ballon d'Or is staggering , " Barrett told CNN . "  By common consensus , the forward was among world football 's best performing players as he inspired a wholly unexpected title challenge from Liverpool . "  In terms of form , ability and performance levels , any list of the world 's top players over the last 12 months which does not include Suarez will inevitably provoke debate and , in some cases , shock . "  The only conclusion to be drawn is that his bite on Chiellini cost him inclusion and , as ever , Suarez has only himself to blame for this . "  Regardless of that , his standing as a player has already been reflected in more meaningful fashion by the fact that Barcelona were willing to pay  # 75 million to sign him . " While the debate over Suarez continues to rage , Ronaldo and Messi are likely to go head-to-head once again , while there are several other candidates who will fancy their chances . Brazil and Barcelona star Neymar is on the list alongside the likes of Real Madrid quartet Gareth Bale , Karim Benzema , James Rodriguez and Sergio Ramos Bayern Munich and Germany goalkeeper Manuel Neuer enjoyed a fine year , helping his club win the league title before lifting the World Cup in Brazil . Neuer 's Bayern teammate , Arjen Robben , who helped the Netherlands qualify for the semifinals in Brazil , is also in with a shout . Bayern captain Phillip Lahm is on the list alongside teammate Bastian Schweinsteiger and Mario Gotze , the man who scored the winner in the World Cup final . Five players from England 's Premier League have been nominated including Manchester City 's Yaya Toure , Manchester United 's Angel Di Maria and the Chelsea trio of Eden Hazard , Diego Costa and goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois . France and Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba is the sole representative from Serie A , while Ligue 1 is boosted by the presence of Paris Saint-Germain and Sweden forward Zlatan Ibrahimovic . In the managerial stakes , 10 nominees have been named including Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho -- despite his failure to win a trophy last season . Joachim Low , the man who led Germany to victory at the World Cup will be one of the favorites to be named as coach of the year . Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti , who led his club to Champions League glory last term , is joined by Pep Guardiola of Bayern Munich , Manuel Pellegrini of Manchester City and Diego Simeone , who presided over Atletico Madrid 's title win in Spain last season . There is also room for Alejandro Sabella , who took Argentina to the World Cup final , Louis van Gaal of Manchester United , Antonio Conte of Italy and Jurgen Klinsmann , coach of Team USA .	The 23-name longlist for the Ballon d'Or has been revealed Cristiano Ronaldo won the title last year List will be whittled down to three names by December 1 Winner set to be announced on January 12
CNN  -- The crib in Ellen Darcy 's Boston home has sat empty for more than a year . And in suburban Washington , Laura Teresinski has prepared a nursery for a baby that may never arrive . Guatemala has announced it will conduct a case-by-case review of every pending foreign adoption case . They and thousands of prospective parents , eager to adopt children from abroad , have found themselves in an emotional legal limbo since two of the most popular countries for international adoptions -- Guatemala and Vietnam -- recently halted their programs . Now would-be mothers and fathers around the United States wonder what will become of their quest to adopt a child -- a pursuit that can fray nerves , cost up to $ 30,000 and span several years . Guatemala announced this month that it would conduct a case-by-case review of every pending foreign adoption case . That put on hold the adoption plans of about 2,000 American families . The crackdown comes amid reports that some in Guatemala coerce mothers to relinquish their children for adoption -- or steal the children outright and present them as orphans . Similar accusations have arisen in Vietnam . After the United States accused adoption agencies there of corruption and baby-selling , Vietnam said in April that it would no longer allow adoptions to the United States . "  My husband and I were absolutely devastated , " Teresinski said . "  Adoptive parents have put a lot of emotional energy and a lot of financial resources in the process . " Vietnam 's decision affects several hundred families . Families in the United States adopted 4,728 children from Guatemala and 828 from Vietnam last year . The halt in adoptions from those two nations unfolds against the backdrop of a dramatic rise in international adoptions in the United States . The number of foreign-born children adopted by U.S. families more than tripled from 1990 to 2004 , when it reached a high of 22,884 , though the figure has declined slightly each year since . In 2007 , the U.S. granted visas to 19,613 children so they could join an adoptive family in the United States , according to U.S. State Department figures . About 70 percent of those children came from four countries : China , Guatemala , Russia and Ethiopia . A few other countries have also halted foreign adoptions at various times , including Kazakhstan and Togo . Yet the suspensions in Vietnam and Guatemala have had the biggest impact -- they 're two of the 10 countries that send the most children to adoptive homes in the Unites States . Fear of fraud stirs heartache For Darcy , the review seems more detrimental than helpful . Her adopted daughter , Carolina , remains in a Guatemalan foster home with three dozen other babies . Darcy worries that keeping Carolina , now 15 months old , in a foster home will harm her early development . "  She 's not getting one-on-one care by a consistent caretaker , " Darcy said , adding later , "  Nobody is looking at this as a violation of the kids ' human rights except for these  American  parents . " Guatemala , which until now has had little to no oversight of its foreign adoptions , has the highest per capita rate of adoption in the world . Nearly one in 100 babies born in Guatemala wind up living with adoptive parents in the United States , according to the U.S. consulate in Guatemala . While adoptive parents in the United States undergo rigorous screening , adoptions in Guatemala had been processed by notaries responsible for determining whether the babies were relinquished voluntarily . They also arrange foster care and handle paperwork -- notaries in Latin America tend to have more legal training than notaries in the United States . Both Guatemalan and U.S. officials fear the system leads to practices such as paying birth mothers for children or , in some instances , coercion . Officials in both countries say gaps in regulations and the high sums of money at play -- adoptions can cost up to $ 30,000 -- may have created unintended incentives in a country where the State Department estimates that 80 percent of the population lives in poverty . The Guatemalan government has said its review could take a month or longer . As for the American families , they can only wait . "  I think it 's overkill , " said Darcy , who was matched with Carolina last March and was approved to adopt the girl last winter -- typically one of the last steps before the actual adoption is complete . "  No adoptive parent wants to adopt an abducted child -- a child that was n't voluntarily relinquished -- but to keep them as hostages is unacceptable , " Darcy said . Guatemala plans reforms U.S. officials say they sympathize with the parents , but that reviews like the one in Guatemala are in the best interest of the children . "  We feel for them , it 's a tough situation , " said a State Department official who is not authorized to speak on the record . "  But  they 'll have the comfort of knowing American parents in the future who adopt from Guatemala will get children from a system that has all the safeguards in place so that children are not exploited , " the official said . In the past , Guatemala required birth mothers to sign a document in court saying they were relinquishing their child . They were not required to reveal their reasons . Now the government may require the presence of the birth mother and child . The goal is to verify identification and make sure the mother is giving up her child voluntarily . Cleaning up Guatemala 's adoption system is a step toward complying with the standards of the Hague Convention on Intercountry Adoption , an international agreement that governs adoptions from one country to another . About 70 nations have signed the convention , which seeks to ensure legitimate foreign adoptions . The United States joined the international convention last year , and rules governing adoptions from one signatory nation to another took effect April 1 . The United States has stopped issuing visas to Guatemalan children after that date , blocking their travel to America -- at least until concerns are addressed . "  We 're not pointing fingers at American parents , " the State Department official said . However , the review and changes in Guatemala will ensure that it "  does not become a fertile ground for  wrongful  practices on any person , particularly children , who have not been orphaned . " To offset corruption , the U.S. Embassy has added its own requirement : That birth mothers appear with the baby to request a visa for the baby . In August , officials also began requiring two DNA tests to confirm the identities of mother and child . Still , the Guatemalan solicitor general 's office has identified at least 80 cases of adoption irregularities , including baby stealing and false DNA tests . And the Guatemalan chief prosecutor 's office recently launched a criminal investigation into the two laboratories contracted to take DNA samples from birth mothers and children . ` Serious irregularities ' in Vietnam Similar concerns of corruption recently emerged in Vietnam , where investigators had found "  serious adoption irregularities , " according to a report by the U.S. Embassy in Hanoi . Documents had been forged or altered , the embassy said , and some parents were paid , tricked or forced into giving up their children for adoption . In some cases , the embassy said , children were offered for adoption without the knowledge or permission of their parents . The Vietnamese government has denied the accusations . Even so , it said in April that it would terminate its adoption agreement with the United States , saying it wo n't accept applications after July 1 . The program is scheduled to end September 1 . Parents in the United States who were matched with an adoptive child in Vietnam before July 1 will be allowed to adopt that child . Prospective parents who had invested time and money , but had not been matched with an adoptive child , appear to be out of luck . Private adoption agencies insist that nearly all adoptions from Vietnam are problem-free , and they want the adoptions to continue . "  It 's hard to let go , because we know we can advocate for these children and make a real difference , " said Linda Brownlee , executive director of the nonprofit Adoption Center of Washington , which places children for adoption from Russia , China , Cambodia and Vietnam . She hopes the United States and Vietnam reach an agreement so that adoptions can continue . "  Without it , I think children are going to be harmed . They are going to die needlessly , and there is going to be trafficking , " Brownlee said .	Guatemala and Vietnam say corruption , baby-stealing at heart of crackdown Nearly one in 100 babies born in Guatemala are adopted by U.S. parents Crackdown puts children 's well-being at risk , adoption advocates say
Johannesburg  CNN  -- Miffed by a visa delay that led the Dalai Lama to cancel a trip to South Africa , Archbishop Desmond Tutu lashed out at his government Tuesday , saying it had acted worse than apartheid regimes and had forgotten all that the nation stood for . "  When we used to apply for passports under the apartheid government , we never knew until the last moment what their decision was , " Tutu said at a news conference . "  Our government is worse than the apartheid government because at least you were expecting it from the apartheid government . "  I have to say that I ca n't believe this . I really ca n't believe this , " Tutu said . "  You have to wake me up and tell me this is actually happening here . " The Dalai Lama scrapped his planned trip to South Africa this week after the nation failed to issue him a visa in time , his spokesman said . Visa applications for him and his entourage were submitted to the South African High Commission in New Delhi , India , at the end of August , and original passports were submitted on September 20 , more than two weeks ago , a statement on his website said . However , South Africa 's foreign affairs office said it did not refuse a visa . "  South Africa will not comment on the decision , because it is not our decision , it is his decision , " according to spokesman Clayson Monyela , who said the visa application was still under consideration . The Dalai Lama had been invited to the country to receive the Mahatma Gandhi International Award for Peace and Reconciliation and to speak at a number of events , including a lecture in honor of Tutu 's 80th birthday . Tutu and the Dalai Lama are recipients of the Nobel Peace Prize . Tutu said he would pray for the defeat of South Africa 's government , led by the African National Congress  ANC  , which is rooted in the fight against the system of apartheid , or legal racial separation , that was present in South Africa until 1994 . "  You are disgraceful , " Tutu said about the government . "  You are behaving in a way that is totally at variance with the things for which we stood . " The ANC plans to call on government officials to explain to South Africans why the visa process was delayed , spokesman Jackson Mtembu said . He said everyone was in the dark about this matter . But he also suggested that Tutu calm down . A comparison to apartheid regimes , he said , was unfair . This is not the first time the Dalai Lama has not been able to visit South Africa . In 2009 , South Africa refused the Tibetan spiritual leader a visa to attend an international peace conference , saying it was not in the country 's interest for him to attend . In refusing the 2009 application , South Africa said that if the Dalai Lama attended the conference , the focus would shift away from the 2010 World Cup , the global soccer championship it was hosting . "  We can not allow focus to shift to China and Tibet , " presidential spokesman Thabo Masebe said , adding that South Africa had gained much from its trading relationship with China . The Dalai Lama fled Tibet in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule , and China pressures governments around the world to deny him any legitimacy . Speculation surfaced Tuesday that this year 's visit was also affected by South Africa 's relationship with China . South African Vice President Kgalema Motlanthe visited Beijing last week and met with Chinese President Hu Jintao to discuss bolstering bilateral ties . Motlanthe said South Africa was ready to boost the strategic partnership between the two countries to a new stage , according to the official Chinese news agency Xinhua . But Monyela said the application had nothing to do with China . "  We are a sovereign nation which takes decisions in our domestic interest , " Monyela said . The Dalai Lama posted a message on Twitter last week that said : "  Even if the Chinese leave nothing but ashes , Tibet will rise from these ashes as a free country even if it takes a long time to do so . " Kim Norgaard , CNN 's Johannesburg bureau chief , contributed to this report .	NEW : The African National Congress says Desmond Tutu should calm down Tutu says the government is acting worse than apartheid regime The Dalai Lama says South Africa did not issue a visa on time He was denied a visa to South Africa in 2009
CNN  -- Almost every American ally in the Middle East is desperately calling out for help , and we are ignoring them . Turkey , Israel , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Bahrain -- and behind closed doors , even Egypt -- want American involvement in Syria to stop the blood bath . But the twin ghosts of Iraq and Afghanistan seem to have paralyzed America in the Arab world . On Thursday , Turkey 's prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , will visit President Barack Obama in Washington . This is an ideal opportunity to throw American weight behind greater Turkish leadership in resolving the Syrian conflict -- and declare as much from the White House . The conflict is spreading fast outside of Syria , and unless regional powers such as Turkey , Israel and Saudi Arabia are empowered to act militarily , and swiftly , many more lives will be lost and the Middle East further destabilized . Only this weekend , Bashar al-Assad 's intelligence agencies were linked to two car bombings in Hatay , Turkey , that killed more than 50 people and injured more than 100 . Syria is now home to radical Sunni Islamists from across the globe who want to bring down al-Assad , and Shiite fighters from Hezbollah who support the Syrian president . Beyond geopolitics and games of nation states , Syria is a raw human disaster : Some 80,000 people have been killed , 1 million refugees have fled to neighboring countries , and millions more are displaced inside Syria . For how much longer will we stand by and watch ? I oppose direct U.S. military intervention in Syria , but recent actions by Israel , daring attacks on Turkey and last month 's rapprochement between these two important nations means that there is now new scope for greater regional involvement in Syria . Secretary of State John Kerry is right to pursue a new diplomatic settlement through Moscow , but his hand is only as strong as the force gathering on al-Assad 's doorsteps . In other words , let us say yes to diplomacy , but not be na  ve and think that al-Assad and his Iranian backers can not outmaneuver the wiliest diplomats . They have rebuffed at least five other such attempts . Diplomacy must be backed by force . Al-Assad understands the language of military strength -- of armies keeping fighting factions apart , aircrafts enforcing a "  no-fly " zone , bombs on his runways , tanks outside his presidential palace , ships on the seas . That is not to say that the killings continue . Erdogan has been sensitive when dealing with PKK terrorists in not killing them for fear of collateral damage . That same spirit of protecting human lives must inform Turkish leadership in Syria . First , al-Assad and his family need to leave Syria for Russia , Iran or elsewhere . Their days of ruling like a mafia are over . Large segments of the Syrian people have lost their fear of al-Assad , and will not settle for anything less than his departure . He must either do so freely and immediately , or meet the fate of Moammar Gadhafi and Saddam Hussein . Second , al-Assad is not the protector of Syria 's minorities , as many mistakenly believe . He is the cause of mass killings that are likely to get worse without external intervention . Genocide of Syria 's minorities will have a ripple effect on tribes and religious minorities in Iraq , Lebanon and Jordan . Turkey and regional and NATO forces should make it their utmost priority to prevent it . Third , with all their divisions and sectarian pettiness , it is the Syrian opposition that must own Syria . Colin Powell 's admonition that "  If you break it , you own it " can not be applied to outside countries with Syria -- the owners must be the Syrian opposition  with all its flaws  , not Turkey , far less Israel or Saudi Arabia or others who "  break " al-Assad 's grip . Fourth , removing al-Assad and safeguarding Syrian communities is not the end , but a new beginning . Syria can go in any number of directions . The challenge from Islamist radicalism and terrorism inside Syria is real -- they can be confronted there , and prevented from traveling elsewhere and spreading their virus of violence . As Syria works toward rebuilding its infrastructure , economy , society and polity , the United States can not turn its back on a country that shares borders with Jordan , Turkey , Iraq , Israel and Lebanon . For now , Washington needs to respond to the calls of our allies in the Middle East , and in doing so , bring Turks , Israelis and Arabs closer in cooperation as they seek to liberate Syria from the clutches of a corrupt clan and ensure it remains free from the fanatics of Islamist fundamentalism . Closer engagement by these three regional forces through U.S. assistance now also puts in place roots for a post-al-Assad Syria that is less hostile to Israel . America does not need to lead always ; it can and must support its allies . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Husain .	Ed Husain : Mideast allies want U.S. involvement to stop Syria violence , but U.S. reluctant He says when Obama meets with Turkey 's prime minister , he should back Turkey taking lead Husain : Diplomacy needed , but Bashar-al-Assad is wily , understands force He says Israelis , Arabs , Turks can cooperate to help rid Syria of al-Assad with U.S. help
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Despite the Solyndra collapse that has tarnished solar energy , the industry has grown into "  a major economic force " with a job base that expanded 6.8 % the past year , nearly 10 times faster than the overall economy , industry representatives said Tuesday . The solar business is now a $ 6 billion industry , up 300 % from 2006 , said officials with the Solar Foundation , a nonprofit affiliated with solar energy industry . With 100,237 jobs as of August , solar employers expect their workforce to grow 24 % next year , according to the foundation 's National Solar Jobs Census 2011 , completed in partnership with BW Research Partnership 's Green LMI Consulting division and Cornell University . "  It 's great news , " said Andrea Luecke , executive director of the Solar Foundation . "  Despite a struggling economy and the worst recession since the Depression and despite the Solyndra debacle , the industry is experiencing record-breaking trade numbers , record-breaking installed capacity , and record-breaking private investment . " Solyndra Inc. was once considered a model "  green " company producing state-of-the-art solar panels , but it is now at the center of congressional scrutiny and a FBI probe after the Fremont , California , firm filed for bankruptcy in late August and put more than 1,000 people out of work , even though it received $ 535 million in federal loan guarantees . The bankruptcy leaves the government unlikely to get back the money it loaned . President Barack Obama touted the company in a visit last year . Despite the controversy , the solar sector appears bullish , Luecke said . "  Solyndra , of course , is just one company , and they went out of business because they could no longer compete with not only Chinese manufactures but also U.S. manufacturers , " Luecke said . "  There 's nothing to indicate that the solar industry is not poised for growth , though we do need smart policy investment as all energies do , " Luecke added . She was referring to state and federal legislation that would give "  employers the confidence they need to expand their workforce , " she said . California continued to be the national leader in solar employment , with 25,575 workers . Other states in the top 10 are Colorado , Arizona , Pennsylvania , New York , Florida , Texas , Oregon , New Jersey and Massachusetts , the group said . The study identified 17,198 solar employments sites in the United States . The survey collected data from more than 2,100 companies . "  The National Solar Jobs Census is an important reference because the previous lack of data about solar employment was presenting difficulties to policymakers and training providers , " Philip Jordan , chief business officer at BW Research Partnership , said in a statement . Added John Bunge , associate professor in the department of statistical science at Cornell University 's School of Industrial Labor Relations : "  The jobs census is setting a new standard for clean energy job studies . "  The use of both primary and secondary data sources , along with careful statistical analysis , gives us high confidence in the results . We expect our rigorous methodology to be extended to econometric studies of green jobs beyond the solar industry , " he said in a statement .	Solar energy is now a $ 6 billion industry Its employment base grew 6.8 % the past year , to more than 100,000 jobs Solyndra controversy an isolated affair , industry official said
CNN  -- U.S. women 's soccer star Hope Solo entered a not-guilty plea in court Monday after police say she assaulted two relatives at a home near Seattle . Solo , national team goalkeeper and a two-time Olympic gold-medal winner , was released on the conditions she avoid contact with her half-sister and a 17-year-old nephew , and that she not drink alcohol . A pretrial hearing was set for the morning of August 11 . Solo , dressed in a white shirt and black pants , said little , telling the judge "  I do " when asked if she understood the domestic violence assault charges filed against her . She faces two counts of fourth-degree domestic violence assault . Police have said Solo , 32 , assaulted her relatives early Saturday . Officers responded to a 911 call in which a male reported that a woman would not stop "  hitting people " or leave the house , the statement said . At the home , officers heard a disturbance . Inside , Solo appeared "  intoxicated and upset , " police said . Police said Solo 's nephew and sister had visible injuries . After interviewing witnesses , police determined that Solo was the "  primary aggressor and had instigated the assault , " the statement said . Police documents According to a police affidavit , when police arrived , they saw that Solo 's nephew 's nose and left jawbone area were red , and that his shirt was ripped from the underarm down to the bottom . The left cheekbone of Solo 's half-sister was swollen and turning purple , the document says . The nephew said that Solo insulted his weight and called him crazy , and an exchange of vulgarities led to Solo charging her nephew and getting in a fight with him , the affidavit states . When the half-sister walked in , Solo attacked her , according to the document . The nephew took a wooden broom that he "  broke over  Solo 's  head " in an attempt to stop the assault , the affidavit states . According to the document , when Solo did n't stop hitting her half-sister , the nephew grabbed a broken BB gun in an attempt to get Solo to leave the house . She left , but then jumped the fence and re-entered the house , where she attacked her half-sister again , according to the affidavit . The document says that Solo denied she assaulted anyone . She told police that she called her nephew "  fat and unathletic , " and he responded by hitting her with a broom . Solo refused to let police examine her for injuries , the document states . The nephew told police that both women had been drinking wine before the altercation . Court apperance Her attorney said she did n't commit a crime . "  Our investigation reveals that Hope was assaulted and injured during this unfortunate incident , " Todd Maybrown wrote in an e-mail . "  We look forward to the opportunity to present the true facts in court and to having this matter behind Hope very soon . " In court , Maybrown said Solo -- who is married to former NFLer Jerramy Stevens and who was referred to in court as Hope Stevens -- was hit over the head with a broom handle during the incident . Solo 's club team in the National Women 's Soccer League , the Seattle Reign , acknowledged the incident over the weekend . "  We are aware of the situation with Hope and are now gathering information , " the team tweeted . The Reign have a home match on Saturday . Just nine days ago she had a shutout for the women 's national team against France . It was her 71st match without giving up a goal , tying her with Brianna Scurry for the most clean sheets ever for the United States . No stranger to controversy Solo also played on World Cup teams in 2007 and 2011 , and appeared on ABC 's "  Dancing with the Stars . " A world-class goalkeeper , she is no stranger to controversy . In 2012 , Solo sent out a harsh tweet criticizing Olympic soccer commentator Brandi Chastain for her negative commentary during the 2012 London games . During the 2007 FIFA Women 's World Cup , Solo openly criticized U.S. women 's soccer coach Greg Ryan after she was benched and the U.S. lost its next match by four goals . In an interview with CNN two years ago , Solo spoke about her public image . "  I have a bad rap , " she said . "  People look at me as selfish , outspoken . But I know who I am . " A warning and an elimination The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency in 2012 publicly warned Solo after she tested positive for a banned diuretic -- a substance she claimed she did n't know was in premenstrual medication prescribed by her physician . The agency accepted Solo 's explanation and she competed in the 2012 Olympics . "  I do n't expect any of the media to be positive , " Solo told CNN in 2012 . "  But I know that I 'm doing wonderful things for the sport of soccer , and I know I 'm doing amazing things for female athletes . So I can take it . " Solo was eliminated from "  Dancing with the Stars " in 2011 following a run on the show marred by frequent disputes with pro partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy and the judging panel . Later that year , she appeared nude on one of four covers of ESPN 's "  The Body Issue . " A native of Richland , Washington , Solo in 2005 became starting goalkeeper for the U.S. national team , tallying seven shutouts in nine matches . In 2009 , she was named U.S. Soccer 's female athlete of the year . CNN 's John Newsome contributed to this report .	Hope Solo enters not-guilty plea in Washington court Monday , released without bail Star goalkeeper was arrested on domestic violence charges , accused of assaulting relatives The two-time gold-medal winner says through attorney she did nothing wrong
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The number of dead in devastating floods triggered by torrential rains in India has risen to at least 271 , and about a million people have fled their homes , officials said Monday . An aerial view of a flood-affected area in Bijapur district in North Karnataka , India . At least 192 people have died in the southern state of Karnataka , its disaster-management secretary H.V. Parshwanath told CNN . More than 450,000 people there have been housed in 1,330 relief camps as authorities completed rescue operations in most of the flooded zones in the state , he said . "  The focus is now mainly on relief , " Parshwanath said , adding that rains have now eased in Karnataka . In neighboring Andhra Pradesh , authorities put the death toll at 51 . Some 531,000 people have been evacuated to safety , with more half of them now sheltering in relief camps , said Dinesh Kumar , the commissioner of the state 's disaster-monitoring department . India has deployed the military to help with relief and rescue in Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh . More than a dozen teams of naval divers have been sent to the two flood-hit states , the country 's defense ministry said . Air force planes and helicopters have also been dropping food packets in the submerged regions . The military has been able to rescue 1,336 people so far , it added . Flood waters were now receding in two of the five worst hit districts of Andhra Pradesh , disaster official Kumar said . But floodwaters from a local river might submerge the remaining three , he warned . Flooding also killed at least 25 people in Maharashtra state , officials said . Three others died because of lightning strikes , said S.C. Mohanty , director of Maharashtra 's disaster-management department . About 3,000 people have been displaced because of flooding , he told CNN . Thousands of people die each year in India during seasonal monsoon rains . More than 1,100 had been killed in monsoon-triggered flooding in different parts of the country as of last month , according to the disaster-management division of the federal home ministry .	Death toll from floods in India has now reached 271 Over a million people have been forced to flee their homes Over 450,000 people in southern state of Karnataka housed in 1,330 relief camps
EW.com  -- Fox has released a fall premiere date schedule that gets the jump on rivals . With CBS and NBC mostly getting things going during the traditional late-September premiere week , Fox is launching eight shows at least one week earlier . The return of "  The X Factor " will kick things off on Sept. 11 , then there are several new shows opening the following week , such as fantasy drama "  Sleepy Hollow " and promising Andy Samberg comedy "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine . " Fox will hold a beat during the official start-of-the-season week of the 22nd  $ " when CBS is firing its guns and NBC is dropping a few shows , as well . Then Fox will sprinkle the return of "  The Simpsons , " sci-fi drama "  Almost Human " and other titles over the following weeks . In addition to ducking rivals , the earlier launch also helps give Fox 's shows another week on the air before those troublesome baseball preemptions kick in . Fox 's dates below , and check out our fall schedule chart with trailers . Wednesday , Sept. 11 8:00 -9:00 PM THE X FACTOR  Season Premiere , Part One 9:00 -10:00 PM MASTERCHEF  Season Finale Thursday , Sept. 12 8:00 -10:00 PM THE X FACTOR  Season Premiere , Part Two Monday , Sept. 16 8:00 -9:00 PM BONES  Season Premiere 9:00 -10:00 PM SLEEPY HOLLOW  Series Premiere Tuesday , Sept. 17 8:00 -8:30 PM DADS  Series Premiere 8:30 -9:00 PM BROOKLYN NINE-NINE  Series Premiere 9:00 -9:30 PM NEW GIRL  Season Premiere 9:30 -10:00 PM THE MINDY PROJECT  Season Premiere Wednesday , Sept. 18 8:00 -10:00 PM THE X FACTOR  All-New Thursday , Sept. 19 8:00 -9:00 PM THE X FACTOR  All-New 9:00 -10:00 PM GLEE  Season Premiere Friday , Sept. 27 8:00 -9:00 PM MASTERCHEF JUNIOR  Series Premiere 9:00 -10:00 PM SLEEPY HOLLOW  Encore Sunday , Sept. 29 8:00 -8:30 PM THE SIMPSONS  Season Premiere 8:30 -9:00 PM BOB 'S BURGERS  Season Premiere 9:00 -9:30 PM FAMILY GUY  Season Premiere 9:30 -10:00 PM AMERICAN DAD  Season Premiere Monday , Nov. 4 8:00 -9:00 PM ALMOST HUMAN  Series Premiere 9:00 -10:00 PM SLEEPY HOLLOW  All-New Friday , Nov. 8 8:00 -9:00 PM BONES  Time Period Premiere 9:00 -9:30 PM RAISING HOPE  Season Premiere 9:30 -10:00 PM ENLISTED  Series Premiere See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fox is launching eight shows a week earlier than CBS and NBC "  The X Factor " will kick things off on Sept. 11 Earlier launch comes before baseball preemptions kick in
Washington  CNN  -- Wolf Blitzer , CNN 's lead political anchor , has lived in the Washington area for 39 years . "  It 's a wonderful place to live and visit . The history is all over the place ; indeed around every corner . I love everything about Washington , especially the Kennedy Center and the museums , " Blitzer said . Blitzer shared some of his favorite capital spots and activities with CNN.com : What essential thing should visitors see/experience if they only have a few hours ? The Holocaust Museum on the National Mall . It 's really amazing and helps keep a lot of mundane things in perspective . How do tourists stick out and what 's the best way to blend in ? In the summer , they usually wear very comfortable shorts and T-shirts . Why would they want to blend in and have to wear a suit and tie ? Where was your most memorable meal ? I was invited to a State Dinner at the White House in 1979 when President Jimmy Carter hosted Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin after they signed the Israeli-Egyptian Peace Treaty . It was my most memorable meal , although I do n't remember what I ate . I just remember it was delicious . What 's the biggest misconception about your city ? That everyone is just interested in politics . We also love sports -- the Washington Nationals , Wizards , Redskins and Caps . Where can you get the best view of the city ? I love the view from atop the Newseum . Which restaurant would you take your loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? BLT Steak or Caf Milano . Besides having terrific food , both restaurants have the setting and service to make a special event feel that much more special . Where is the best place to people watch ? The Palm or Bourbon Steak at the Four Seasons What is your favorite neighborhood ? Bethesda , Maryland -- a D.C. suburb . That 's where I have lived for many years , and I feel very much at home there . Where do you go to relax ? My backyard . Where 's your favorite place to spend a night out on the town ? A Washington Nationals baseball game with my friends . Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? Eggplant parmigiana and white pizza at Pines of Rome in Bethesda . What 's the biggest tourist trap ? There are n't any . All of -LSB- the attractions -RSB- are great and unique , but I especially love the Lincoln Memorial and the Jefferson Memorial . What is a good local souvenir ? Check out the stuff at the Smithsonian gift shops . Nice souvenirs there .	Great night out for Blitzer : A Washington Nationals baseball game Blitzer recommends eggplant parmigiana and white pizza at Pines of Rome in Bethesda Get a great view of the city from atop the Newseum , Blitzer says
CareerBuilder.com  -- Leadership is one of those nebulous terms -- you hear it all the time but it has various definitions . The traits that make up a good leader can vary depending on the organization , team , manager and work environment . Leadership can also vary in style -- are you someone who dictates the group and does n't listen to anyone else 's opinion ? Or do you lead with a more bureaucratic or democratic style ? "  Every leader has a particular style of leadership that is innate . However , the behaviors , attitudes or methods of delivery that are effective for one staff member may in fact be counterproductive for another , " says Michael Burke , account supervisor , MSR Communications , a public relations firm . "  Great leaders are aware of their own style and make the effort to learn how their style actually comes across to their team . They learn to flex their leadership style to individual team members so that they communicate and behave in ways that motivate and inspire . " Here is what five leadership professionals consider to be traits that make up a good leader : Rachael Fisher-Layne , vice president of media relations , JCPR , a public relations agency 1 . Honesty . Always do the honest thing . It makes employees feel like they know where they stand with you at all times . 2 . Focus . Know where you 're going and have a strong stated mission to lead people on . If you 're not sure , how can your people be sure ? You have to have strong focus and stay the course . 3 . Passion . Whatever it is , you must have passion for what you 're doing . Live , breathe , eat and sleep your mission . 4 . Respect . Not playing favorites with people and treating all people -- no matter what station in life , what class or what rank in the org chart -- the same . 5 . Excellent persuasion abilities . People have to believe in you and your credibility . Image is everything and the belief people have in you , your product , your mission , your facts or your reputation are key to being a great leader . You have to persuade people of this -- it does n't just happen . Darcy Eikenberg , a leadership and workplace coach , Red Cape Revolution 1 . Confidence . If you do n't believe in yourself , no one will . I hear leaders worrying that if they show too much confidence , others will think them arrogant . The reality is people want to know what you know for sure -- and what you do n't . Having the confidence to say "  I do n't know " is a powerful skill . 2 . Clarity . The only way you can get confidence is by becoming really , really clear about who you are and what is most important to you . New leaders fail when they try to become all things to all people , or try to do too much out of their area of excellence . Clarity helps you say "  yes " to the right things -- and "  no " to others . 3 . Care . The strongest , most effective leaders I 've met care not just about the business , but about the people in it and the people impacted by it . Plus , they show they care through their words and actions , even proving how they care for themselves and their family by taking unplugged vacations and continuing their own professional development . Care should n't be a four-letter word in our workplace today -- and the best leaders know it . Tom Armour , co-founder , High Return Selection , a recruitment firm 1 . Integrity . They are people who are respected and worth listening to . I find in general due to all of the economic difficulties , employees prioritize and seek leaders and organizations that are honest and meet their commitments . 2 . Compassion . Too many leaders these days manage with the balance sheet , often times at the expense of their employees and long-term customer relationships . Talented people want to work for leaders and organizations that truly care about their employees and the communities in which they operate . 3 . Shared vision and actions . People produce real business gains and smart people need to understand what is needed and be part of the solution . 4 . Engagement . Great business leaders are able to get all members of their teams engaged . They do this by offering them challenge , seeking their ideas and contributions and providing them with recognition for their contributions . 5 . Celebration . In today 's work environment , people are working very long hours and they need to take some time to celebrate their successes in order to recharge their batteries . Those leaders who fail to do this create burnout environment overtime . Mike Sprouse , CMO , Epic Media Group , and author of "  The Greatness Gap " 1 . Humility . True leaders have confidence but realize the point at which it becomes hubris . 2 . Empowering . True leaders make their associates feel emboldened and powerful , not diminished and powerless . 3 . Collaborative . True leaders solicit input and feedback from those around them so that everyone feels part of the process . 4 . Communicative . True leaders share their vision or strategy often with those around them . 5 . Fearlessness . True leaders are not afraid to take risks or make mistakes . True leaders make mistakes born from risk . Nancy Clark , author of "  18 Holes for Leadership " 1 . Genuine . You need to be clear on what your values are and must be consistent in applying them . As part of that , you need to have the courage to hold true to them . You must not lose sight of reality . Lost values may be one of the biggest causes of downfalls . 2 . Self-awareness . You need to be clear on what your strengths are and what complementary strengths you need from others . This includes understanding others and learning how best to utilize their strengths . Many unsophisticated leaders think everyone should be like them ; that too can cause their downfall . They surround themselves with people like them . "  Group think " can blindside them and cause failure . 3 . Leverage team strengths . Part of awareness is do n't expect people to change . If you think you can change someone , think again . This does n't mean you ca n't help them grow and develop . But do n't expect to change anyone  even yourself  behaviorally . We are who we are . Your job as a leader is to understand each person 's strengths and place them in positions where they can flourish and grow . If you are good at that , you have a huge part of the equation for success . 4 . Leadership transitions . Going from individual contributor to supervisor is only the first of many transitions along the leadership pipeline . You need to understand the business model , how it applies to your current position , what you need to do to provide the greatest value , and how to leverage your strengths at this level . This requires building competencies and focusing on the right things . No one ever tells you that there are many levels and many adjustments you need to make along the way . 5 . Supportive . You need to foster a positive environment that allows your team to flourish . Also by aligning the reward and recognition systems that best match your teams profile and deliver results . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Traits five leadership professionals consider to make a good leader Confidence is key , says a workplace coach . "  If you do n't believe in yourself , no one will . " Leaders are fearless , says author Mike Sprouse . "  True leaders are not afraid to take risks or make mistakes . "
When you first hear his pitch , it defies logic : Mitch McConnell , a 30-year veteran of the Senate , campaigning for re-election as an agent of change . "  If you want change , if you 're unhappy with the direction of this country , the candidate of change is the guy you 're looking at , " McConnell told an audience at a Chamber of Commerce lunch here . 72-year-old McConnell -- the top Senate Republican -- is running against a 35-year-old Democrat who has never had an elected job in D.C. . But he 's the change candidate ? Well , if you 're a voter with an unfavorable view of President Barack Obama -- and according to a new CNN/Opinion Research International Poll , that 's about two-thirds of Kentucky voters -- McConnell 's argument has appeal once he explains it . He says the only real option for altering the balance of power in Washington is a GOP Senate takeover on Election Day -- and putting him in charge . "  The only thing they can do in 2014 to begin to change the direction of the country is to change the makeup of the Senate , " McConnell told CNN . "  In this country , the way you change things is at the ballot box . And so there 's only one thing that can be done this year to begin to lead America in a different direction and it begins right here in Kentucky , " he tells voters on the stump . McConnell wants to be Senate Majority Leader so badly he can taste it , especially after two straight election cycles of seeing the role within his reach , but snatched away largely because of bruising intra-GOP fights and Republican candidate missteps . Kentucky U.S. Senate race is one the key ones this year I reminded McConnell of the old joke about senators , that most of them look in the mirror and see the next president . "  I never had that problem . I never had that affliction , " McConnell chuckled . "  You have always wanted to be the majority leader of the Senate , is that fair to say ? " I asked . "  I would like to have the chance to be the majority leader of the Senate , yes , " he replied . Toughest challenge in years But to lead the Senate , he has to win re-election first , and McConnell is facing his toughest challenge in years in Alison Lundergan Grimes . Grimes would be Kentucky 's first female senator . Currently Kentucky 's secretary of state , she has a well-financed campaign , thanks to the national implications and importance of her race . She 's gotten high-profile help from former President Bill Clinton , a family friend . In many ways she is running a textbook campaign for a challenger trying to unseat an entrenched incumbent , especially a Democrat versus Republican . She paints McConnell as out of touch with the folks back home , and the personification of Washington dysfunction . "  I do n't know whether to call Sen. McConnell Sen. No-Show , Sen. Gridlock or Sen. Shutdown , " Grimes says to a crowd gathered for a political picnic in Owensboro . "  What I do know is that he 's not working for Kentucky . Kentucky is all ready for someone whose vocabulary goes beyond the word ` no . ' When it comes to increasing the minimum wage and giving hardworking Kentuckians a fighting chance , Mitch McConnell says no . Kentucky is ready for a senator who says it 's not just a minimum wage , it 's a living wage . When it comes to the women of this state being treated equally , Mitch McConnell says no , " Grimes says . McConnell : ` Remember me ? I am the guy that gets us out of shutdowns ' That appears to be resonating with some voters here , even one who has supported McConnell over the years . "  We 're just tired of McConnell . His only objective is to -- anything Obama 's done , he 's against it , " Owensboro voter Margaret Willett said . But others in the crowd disagreed , especially voters like Keith Herm who dislike the President . "  I believe the seniority he will hold in the Senate will be monumental , " Herm said about McConnell . "  There are some issues with Obama I would like to see changed , and hopefully he can do that . " Grimes ' biggest challenge is unshackling herself from Obama , who won only four of Kentucky 's 120 counties in 2012 . It 's not easy , when McConnell 's working so hard to link Grimes to the President . "  Mitch McConnell , well , he wants to make this race about anyone but me , trying to tie me to every national figure that 's out there that disagrees with Kentucky 's interests . Barack Obama is n't on the ballot ; I am , " Grimes told voters . Democrats have been banking on the fact that the President may be unpopular here , but so is McConnell -- he is well known , and not well liked . The trouble for Grimes is that as she becomes better known , and put through the grind of this intense campaign , her favorable ratings are dipping , too . A strikingly stark contrast in styles Like any candidate , McConnell and Grimes each have pluses and minuses , but these two have a strikingly stark contrast in style . McConnell is the ultimate political tactician and old school , bring-home-the-bacon senator . When it was his turn to speak at the Owensboro picnic , McConnell made a point of reminding residents here he secured $ 50 million to renovate the riverfront , which transformed the town . It 's the kind of earmark the tea party hates . He never would have spoken about it during his GOP primary fight , but it is front and center in the general election campaign against a Democrat . "  I 'm proud I did it for you . It 's changed this community and we 'll do it again , " said McConnell , not mentioning that the kind of earmarks that rebuilt the riverfront are now banned in the Senate . But McConnell 's aides are the first to admit he is not a natural campaigner . He does n't connect in the grip and grin settings many politicians love . It 's not his thing . Grimes , on the other hand , appears energized by pressing the flesh with voters . She moved around the Owensboro picnic introducing herself and talking to voters with ease . And on the stump she can project and deliver lines powerfully . But in interviews , she often appears stilted and scripted . Case in point : When I asked Grimes point blank for some "  Kentucky candor " about how much of a drag the President is on her campaign , she replied with a generic talking point . "  I think that Kentuckians are seeing this race for what it is , a chance to actually move Kentucky forward in the right direction , " Grimes said . Bound to get very ugly This is expected to be the most expensive Senate race in history , north of $ 100 million . And the mud is already flying . McConnell 's campaign manager Jesse Benton abruptly resigned late last week because of a bribery scandal surrounding Ron Paul 's 2008 presidential campaign . Grimes ' campaign is already pushing a Web ad highlighting Benton 's departure . But that may be because McConnell 's campaign released an ad of its own whacking Grimes , accusing her of getting a sweetheart deal for her campaign bus -- brokered by her father , a prominent businessman and former state party chair . "  They 're baseless , unfounded , bullying accusations from Mitch McConnell , " Grimes said of the allegations . And then there 's a secret audio recording that surfaced of McConnell speaking at a Koch brothers donor meeting , vowing not to allow votes on Democratic initiatives . It was released right before our interview , and Grimes was eager to jump on it as McConnell 's "  47 % Mitt Romney moment . " "  I think it shows the extent and the lengths he will go to pander to his party millionaires and billionaires at the expense of hurting Kentuckians , " Grimes said of the McConnell audio . As for McConnell , he brushed it off , because he has made it no secret he intends to block the President 's agenda . "  I did n't say anything in the private meeting I have n't said publicly . " McConnell told me . McConnell , the Democrats and the limits of a secret tape That may be , but a muffled recording of a secret meeting with fat cat GOP donors is less than ideal for McConnell . These are end-of-summer stumbles for both candidates , in the marquee race of the year , bound to get very ugly .	McConnell could become majority leader if he wins his Senate election Opponent Grimes has a well-financed campaign aided by Democratic stars The candidates are a study in different styles
CNN  -- A JetBlue plane was diverted to Orlando on Wednesday after an emergency evacuation slide opened in flight , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . No injuries were reported . The slide opened on JetBlue Flight 1266 , which was scheduled to fly from Fort Myers , Florida , to Boston , the FAA said . The Embraer E-190 aircraft made a safe landing at the Orlando International Airport around 3:40 p.m. ET . It was not immediately clear what caused the slide to deploy into the aircraft cabin . There were 73 passengers and four crew members on board at the time of the incident , according to JetBlue . The aircraft was taken out of service for inspection . The National Transportation and Safety Board said it was aware of what happened and looking into it . It will decide whether to investigate based on what it learns . CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	NEW : 77 people were on board at the time of the incident The plane makes a safe landing at the Orlando International Airport No injuries are reported It 's not immediately clear what caused the slide to open
CNN  -- Dutchman Edgar Davids has lifted the European Champions League trophy , won league titles in Italy and the Netherlands and played in a World Cup semifinal against Brazil in 1998 . So why has a soccer star like Davids , who won 74 international caps for the Netherlands between 1994 and 2005 , decided to become joint head coach of Barnet , who are currently rock bottom of the lowest tier of professional in England . "  I 'm happy to explore my possibilities and share my knowledge and experience with Barnet Football Club , " the 39-year-old told the London club 's official website . "  I am very excited about the challenge ahead . " Blog : Does international soccer need a shake up ? After a playing career which spanned two decades and saw Davids strut his stuff at the San Siro and the Nou Camp , the one-time midfield dynamo will now be pacing the touchline of Barnet 's 6,000-capacity Underhill Stadium in north London . In addition to his coaching responsibilities , Davids also hopes to make a playing return for "  The Bees " as soon as possible . Barnet would be the third English team Davids -- who was nicknamed "  The Pitbull " in recognition of his fiesty playing style -- has turned out for following two years with Tottenham Hotspur between 2005 and 2007 and a brief spell with second-tier Crystal Palace in 2010 . A spell in English football 's lower reaches is in stark contrast to previous stages of Davids ' career , following stints with Ajax , AC Milan , Barcelona and Juventus . "  I am delighted to welcome Edgar to our club , " said Mark Robson , the current Barnet head coach who will now job share with Davids . "  His experience as a player throughout his illustrious career will be a massive benefit to all our players and I look forward to forming a strong partnership with him " . Davids is also known for the goggles he sports while playing , a necessity due to him suffering from the eye disease glaucoma . Barnet has spent the majority of its history at the lower end of English football , winning the Conference -- the division immediately below England 's top four professional leagues -- on two occasions .	Edgar Davids becomes joint head coach of English club Barnet London-based Barnet are currently bottom of the Fourth Division Nicknamed "  The Pitbull " , Davids has played for AC Milan , Juventus , Barcelona and Inter Milan Davids also intends to become a member of Barnet 's playing squad
CNN  It 's playing out like a scene from "  Night of the Living Dead " -- in the boardroom of one of Italy 's most famous clubs . Director George A. Romero 's horror cult classic revolved around a swarm of slow-moving cannibalistic corpses snacking on the inhabitants of a shopping mall and Parma general manager and team legend Alessandro Melli talks in similarly apocalyptic tones as he details the financial crisis engulfing the Serie A club . "  It seems like we are zombies , working without knowing where we are heading , " Melli told CNN 's Don Riddell . Rooted at the bottom of Italy 's top flight , Parma has debts of approximately $ 100 million and faces a looming financial collapse -- barring a miracle ownership rescue . The club has been docked points twice this season for failing to pay its players and faces a bankruptcy hearing on March 19 . "  Every day they take away a part of our work and piece of our hearts . Bits of the club are foreclosed every day and we come here to work just because we love our work and our team , but we can not do our job , " added Melli . "  We 're living in a nightmare , whichever way you look at it . Because this is not just about the money , even though we ca n't ignore it , there is a lot more that they are taking away . Dignity , the smile ; they took away our respect and it hurts . " Last season Parma finished sixth in Serie A , only to be barred from taking part in European football 's second tier competition -- the Europa League -- over an income tax bill . Between 1992 and 2002 Parma won two UEFA Cups , the 1992 European Cup Winners ' Cup and three Italian Cups in a successful spell between 1992 and 2002 . In 1997 , led by current Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti and with the caliber of players like Gianfranco Zola , Faustino Asprilla and Hernan Crespo , Parma finished runners-up in Serie A. "  Look at the team we had , " said Angelo Manfredini , president of the Parma supporters club , referring to those halycon days , as he rattled off other players including Melli , Fabio Cannavaro and longtime Italy captain and goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon , who now plays for Juventus . "  All were players who meant something to football . " Fast forward to more austere times and Parma 's current players have n't been paid since August . They 're so fed up they 've threatened to go on strike -- that is if the games are allowed proceed in the first place , with two of Parma 's recent fixtures having been called off given the club 's problems . Parma was once owned by the world 's leading dairy company , Parmalat Spa , which collapsed under financial fraud in 2003 . The club has already changed hands twice this season after a Russian-Cypriot conglomerate sold the club to Giampietro Manenti . A despairing Melli depicted a club that is being seemingly taken apart seat by seat , screw by screw . "  One day , we wo n't have the laundry anymore , " said Melli . "  The next day , computers  will be  taken away , then we do n't have emails anymore . "  And then the physical objects related to sport , like benches , like the team bus ... everyday it 's like being stabbed . " For his part , Manenti has reportedly said he will not sell the club , which will likely mean another spell in administration for Parma , the second time in the past 10 years . Their next scheduled match is a home game on March 22 against Torino , but Melli is more concerned about what the future holds in store for Parma rather than the next 90 minutes . "  I hope to have a new owner to sort out our debts and save the brand , starting again from Serie B and to start again with new management that loves what they are managing , " said Melli . "  Slowly , we can rebuild . It will take time and patience , with the right people in the right places . Only in this way can Parma be reborn like a Phoenix . "  Objectively , it 's unlikely this will happen . This is just the hope of a lover , trying to find his lost love . But he needs the help of others , we ca n't make it by ourselves . "	Legendary club of Cannavaro and Buffon faces bankruptcy court March 19 Parma has changed hands twice in past year , administration likely Players have not been paid all season
CNN  -- The number of aging men and women in U.S. prisons is growing rapidly , Human Rights Watch said Friday , and it expressed concern for their care behind bars . Because of their age , older prisoners incur medical costs that are three to nine times as high as those for younger prisoners , the campaign group said in its 106-page report , titled "  Old Behind Bars : The Aging Prison Population in the United States . " Prison officials are hard-pressed to provide the appropriate housing and medical care for older prisoners , the report says . "  Prisons were never designed to be geriatric facilities , " said Jamie Fellner , a senior adviser to the U.S. program at Human Rights Watch and author of the report . "  Yet U.S. corrections officials now operate old age homes behind bars . " Human Rights Watch pointed out that life sentences mean those prisoners reach old age in prison . Almost 10 % of state prisoners are serving a life sentence , it said , and another 11.2 % have sentences longer than 20 years . Prisons face a number of challenges in caring for these prisoners , the group said . They include tight budgets , prison architecture not designed for age-related disabilities , limited medical facilities and staff , lack of support from elected officials , and the pressures of day-to-day operations . It is equally as difficult for the older prisoners themselves who may be frail or impaired . Prison rules and customs were n't designed with them in mind , Human Rights Watch said . "  Walking a long distance to the dining hall , climbing up to a top bunk , or standing for count can be virtually impossible for some older prisoners , " the group said . "  Incontinence and dementia impose their own burdens . " Human Rights Watch called for changes to harsh sentencing rules regarding long mandatory minimum sentences and reduced opportunities for parole . It also called for changes to prison facilities and medical care , as well as prison rules that are tough on older prisoners . "  How are justice and public safety served by the continued incarceration of men and woman whose bodies and minds have been whittled away by age ? " Fellner asked .	Group says medical costs and prison facilities are not equipped for older prisoners The number of older prisoners in the U.S. is growing , it says It calls for changes to harsh sentencing rules and care behind bars
London  CNN  -- It may not have been the most dramatic of moments , but it was certainly an important one : Two women , modestly dressed and veiled , walked proudly alongside the flag of their nation Saudi Arabia into London 's Olympic stadium at the Games ' spectacular opening ceremony . This understated entrance marked an extraordinary moment for the kingdom and for the Olympics itself , as the first occasion in the history of the Games when all countries participating have had women athletes in their teams . The achievement was welcomed by those at the highest echelons of sport , with Jacques Rogge , head of the International Olympic Committee , noting with pride in his speech at the opening ceremony that it was "  a major boost for gender equality . " Women have been the center of attention throughout much of the Olympics , both within and without Games venues , as they broke records , sparked drama , impressed with immense skill and poise and won medal after medal . Indeed , for many , London 2012 has truly been "  the women 's Games . " For hosts Great Britain , the undoubted superstar was Jessica Ennis , a heptathlete of remarkable talent and composure who snatched gold despite immense pressure and the unforgiving lens of modern celebrity . Her comfortable win in the toughest of contests , and her vow to "  keep exactly the same and the way I am " , sparked national praise and a call from women 's activists for more positive role models like her . Scores of other , lesser-known women athletes marked firsts for their countries . Tunisia 's Habiba Ghribi became her country 's first woman to win a medal in the games , saying afterward her medal was "  for all the Tunisian people , for Tunisian women , for the new Tunisia " . Games leave London with a golden glow Women boxers made history by being included in the games for the first time , and the U.S. 's gymnastics team won a brace of medals for their remarkable performance . On the drama side , South Korean fencer Shin A-lam found herself at the center of one of the most extraordinary moments of the games after the dying second of one match granted her rival the gold . The sight of her in floods of tears , refusing to leave the venue moved many , even if Olympic authorities were unimpressed . But this is not to say there has not been controversy , in terms of sport , and plain , old fashioned sexism . Eight women badminton players from China , Indonesia and South Korea were disqualified for trying deliberately to lose matches in order to secure easier games . Controversy over the disparate treatment of male and female athletes arose when it was revealed that both Japan and Australia had made their women 's football teams fly coach while their male colleagues enjoyed the luxury -- and extra leg room -- of business class . The incident prompted the embarrassed Australian authorities to announce they were reviewing their policies but led to accusations of inequality . U.S. coverage of their "  Fierce Five " gymnastics team 's heroine , Gabby Douglas , turned into a discussion of the African-American 's hair , angering many who felt it denigrated her stunning achievement by playing into racial stereotypes . Golden girl Ennis : I 'd do it for nothing And the age-old double standard of looks versus talent came into play when British weightlifter Zoe Smith was forced to endure cruel taunts on Twitter and other social media about her appearance . Her response was to handle it with aplomb , writing on her blog : "  We do n't lift weights in order to look hot , especially for the likes of men like that . " But the comments -- and the ease with which they were made on online platforms -- gave pause for thought . Despite such media storms , overall many sensed a shift in the right direction , a sea change in attitudes towards women in competitive sports . In women 's football , Team GB 's victory over Brazil at Wembley Stadium in front of 70,000 screaming fans , many of them young children who will provide the next generation of Olympians , was a zeitgeist moment for women 's football . After the game , the sight of buggies piled up outside the arena , patiently awaiting their tiny cargo , was a small , but potent sign of change . The U.S. and Canadian women 's football teams fought a remarkable battle to reach the semi finals , with the U.S. eventually prevailing 4-3 thanks to a goal in the dying seconds of the game and prompting praise from pundits as one of the most thrilling matches played by either gender in the Olympics . As for those Saudi Arabian women athletes , they failed , as expected , to win an Olympic medal , but perhaps winning just was n't the point . Judo player Wojdan Shaherkani finally competed after a row over her headscarf ended in compromise with Olympic authorities . Despite the furor , she , too , sensed that a breakthrough had been made . "  Unfortunately , we did not win a medal , but in the future we will and I will be a star for women 's participation , " she said . "  It was the opportunity of a lifetime . "	London 2012 is the first Olympics to feature women in every national team IOC chief Jacques Rogge hails "  major boost for gender equality " Saudi Judoka Wojdan Shaherkani says taking part "  opportunity of lifetime " Women 's boxing included as an Olympic discipline for the first time at London Games
CNN  Copenhagen : not only the capital of the happiest country on Earth -- officially -- but also probably the center of the designer goods universe . Even the Christmas decorations are tasteful . The festive season is also when the air is especially thick with "  hygge " -- Denmark 's wooly , candle-lit version of coziness . No wonder Hans Christian Andersen called the city wonderful -- twice . Yes -- sorry -- that reference was impossible to avoid . 1 . The Danes are the happiest people on the planet It 's official . According to the UN 's 2013 World Happiness Report , Denmark , with a score of 7.6 , beats every other country on a global happiness scale from zero to 10 . The United States , by contrast , is n't especially happy . It came in in 17th place , between Mexico and Ireland . But do n't despair if you think Danish despair has been lost . There 's always Hamlet -- and Kierkegaard  see below  . 2 . A lot of Copenhageners cycle -- fast Ever tried commuting to work by bike in a frenetic city such as London , New York or Beijing ? Do it and you realize cyclists are still second-class citizens in many cities . The situation is reversed in Copenhagen , where half of the people pedal to work . Just as cyclists compete with cars in terms of numbers , so too they seem to try to beat them on speed . In other words , pedestrians should take care crossing a cycle lane . Or you could join the two-wheeled masses . Cycling is one of the best ways to explore the city , and you can take bikes on trains . Public transport is efficient . It takes 15 minutes to travel from the airport to the city center by metro , and trains run 24 hours a day . Copenhageners are also law-abiding . Even at 3 a.m. on an icy cold night , with no traffic in sight , they 'll wait for the green light at pedestrian crossings . 3 . Copenhagen is glittering with Michelin stars It 's still hard to get a table at Noma , the "  new Nordic " restaurant that 's been named the World 's Best Restaurant three times . There are , however , options . This small city boasts 15 Michelin stars , and several Noma chefs have gone on to set up their own outfits with equally stimulating menus . A flourishing example of the latter is Rel  Jgersborggade 41 ; +4536966609  , an experimental , basement restaurant on a street packed with food shops and eateries . Another  without a Michelin star  is Kdbyens Fiskebar  Flsketorvet 100 ; +4532155656  , a stripped-back industrial space that specializes in fish and seafood . Other top Copenhagen culinary stops include Aamanns Deli & Take Away  ster Farimagsgade 10 ; +4535553344  where smrrebrd , the classic Danish open sandwich , is turned into a delicious work of art , and the Royal Smushi Cafe  Amagertorv 6 ; +4533121122  , which serves "  smushi , " a fusion of sushi and smrrebrd . Make dining reservations early -- most restaurants open for online bookings at least two months in advance . Copenhageners tend not to dine late , meaning not a lot of places keep late hours . 4 . "  Hygge " is highly desirable This Danish word  pronounced "  hooga "  loosely translates as "  coziness . " It 's a warm , sociable feeling that comes to the fore in autumn and winter and that , for Danes , is one of the highest states to which humans can aspire . Wool sweaters  preferably organic  , hats with earflaps , blazing log fires , strong ales in old wood-paneled bars and candles galore , even at breakfast , all conjure "  hygge . " 5 . Home is where the Danish designer goods are Copenhagen is rich with design-led stores selling trendy lights , ingenious kitchenware , cheerful home furnishings and exquisite glass and ceramics . These five shops are worth a visit : Hay  Nytorv 9 Now in its 11th year , this purveyor of simple but good-looking furniture and accessories epitomizes the Danish dream to be "  solid , straightforward , joyful and functional . " Royal Copenhagen  Amagertorv 6 Founded in 1775 , this august company is best known for its classic blue and white hand-painted dinnerware . Close by are Georg Jensen  Amagertorv 4  , renowned for silver cutlery and jewelry , and Ilums Bolighus  Amagertorv 10  , a department store devoted to Danish-designed home items . Normann Copenhagen  sterbrogade 70 This cinema-turned-interiors-emporium in the affluent sterbro neighborhood is youthful and light -- anyone fancy a bright blue bowl in bendable rubber ? 6 . Copenhagen is extra-green The Danish capital has electric buses , recycling-crazy citizens , clean harbors and shops selling clothes made from organic bamboo . A full 64 % of the city 's hotel rooms are certified as eco-friendly . Three-quarters of the food served in public institutions is organic . Next year , Copenhagen will be the 2014 European Green Capital , an award that recognizes cities with consistently high environmental standards . This is only the beginning : By 2025 , Copenhagen plans to be the world 's first carbon-neutral capital . 7 . Tivoli will suck you in Opened in 1843 , Tivoli is the world 's second-oldest amusement park and a much-loved attraction in this family-friendly city . Set inside mature gardens with a lake and playgrounds , it 's a schmaltzy but happy place with roller coaster rides , pantomime shows , treat stalls , amusement arcades and more than 40 places to eat and drink . Tivoli is open in summer from April 10 until September 21 , then again for Halloween  October 11-27  and Christmas  November 15-December 31  , when it sparkles with 2 million fairy lights . Children under 8 get in free ; for those over 8 , it 's DKK95  $ 16  a head . 8 . The Danes are clever clogs The Danes invented lots of things we did n't know needed inventing . Like the pedal bin , created by Holger Nielsen in 1939 for his wife 's hairdressing salon . You can pick one up at the family 's Vipp flagship store  Ny stergade 34  -- your trash will thank you . They also largely invented existentialist angst -- the flip side of all that happiness . Professionally gloomy philosopher Sren Kierkegaard was born here in 1813 and the city is busy celebrating with a host of bicentennial exhibitions and events . Finally , of course , Lego . A marvelous Danish idea -- until you step on one with your bare feet . 9 . Denmark does n't have the euro It 's a surprise to many , but Denmark is n't on the euro , but the krone  crown  . Bank notes bear more pictures of bridges and historic finds than famous people -- typical of a nation that values construction and craftsmanship over ego . Tipping is minimal . Restaurant bills normally include a service charge and taxi drivers do n't expect a tip , although it 's customary to round up the amount . 10 . Christmas and New Year 's is a great time to go The holidays are when Copenhagen is in full festive mood -- and of course it 's all done very tastefully . The Danes prefer white lights on their Christmas trees , rather than gaudy colors , and the Christmas markets , which start in mid-November , are n't as tacky or commercial as elsewhere . Alongside the expected designer candle holders and licorice candies  a national obsession  , you 'll find stalls selling wholesome gifts such as Inuit jewelry , high-tech kitchen utensils and sensible wooden toys . A white Christmas is n't guaranteed , but snow , ice and sub-zero temperatures are a winter staple . Good boots , a warm hat , "  glgg "  mulled wine  and "  julebryg "  specially brewed Yuletide beer  -- these are the seasonal staples .	Copenhagen is the capital of what is officially the happiest country on Earth No wonder its citizens love "  hygge " -- coziness with earflaps Even the Christmas decorations are tasteful
CNN  -- Davy Jones was more than just the star of countless bedroom wall collages in the late 1960s . The Monkees frontman and token Brit who captivated audiences with his talent and charisma was the quintessential teen heartthrob . News of Jones ' passing  he died of a heart attack at age 66 Wednesday  prompted nostalgic outbursts from fans , all wanting to reminisce about the Tiger Beat and 16 Magazine covers , the hours logged in front of the TV , and the moments spent bopping around to "  Pleasant Valley Sunday . " CNN.com commenter rosemeow wrote : "  Sad feeling , when pieces of your childhood start falling away . There goes another piece of mine . " Whether the grief stems from the feeling of closing a chapter in one 's own life , or the larger question of mortality , the death of a former teen idol can have a profound effect on fans . Like Michael Jackson , who died in 2009 , and Whitney Houston , who died last month , Jones was someone younger generations looked up to as "  the first person who made them interested in music , " said Phil Gallo , Billboard 's senior correspondent . For many people , The Monkees were the first group they could claim as their own , as opposed to the music that belonged to their parents , Gallo added . "  That really affects people , " he said . And then there was Jones ' teen heartthrob status . "  If you talked to any girl who liked The Monkees , invariably ,  Jones  was her favorite , " Gallo said . "  It 's the lead singer . It 's the cute one . The one who 's got the nice personality . " But that fandom is n't limited to the girls who would 've gladly traded a limb for a date with Jones . "  When I was a kid , I wanted to BE Davy Jones , " actor Kevin Bacon tweeted . "  Big part of what led me to showbiz . " iReport : Share your memories of Davy Jones A lot of the people who are grieving this loss are in their 40s and 50s , Gallo said , adding , "  It 's a case of , ` Wow , he 's one of me . ' People think of him as , ` He 's from my lifetime . He 's my age . ' " And though it seems like a far departure , that 's how today 's youths will view pop star Justin Bieber . Sure , the magazines have changed -- now it 's J-14 and Twist -- and Jones ' fitted button-down shirts have been replaced by purple hoodies . But the significance of teen idols remains the same .  Ironically , so does the hair . In 2008 , one year before Bieber earned his teen heartthrob status , Yahoo! Music named Jones the top teen idol of all time , ahead of Jackson and David Cassidy , who shared the honor with Bobby Sherman and Donny Osmond in the early 1970s . Taking a page out of The Monkees ' book , Bieber has taken advantage of this time in the limelight , releasing a memoir , a movie , appearing on "  CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , " and touring , all while making music . Jones guest-starred as himself in a 1971 episode of "  The Brady Bunch , " appropriately titled "  Getting Davy Jones . " The now iconic episode , in which Jones performs "  Girl " for Marcia at her prom , was beloved by fans . "  There 's something about The Monkees and what that told us about pop culture and how music and TV and , eventually , film can work together , " Gallo said . "  This is sort of a lesson that people can still learn from , and it keeps getting repeated five decades later . " The Beatles -- the group that inspired The Monkees -- released "  A Hard Day 's Night " in 1964 . Three decades later , '90s superstars , The Spice Girls , came out with the movie "  Spice World . " "  The teen idol marketplace is really a two - to five-year window , " Gallo said , and that was understood back when The Monkees were at their peak . But the thing that makes The Monkees different is that their music managed to transcend generations , Gallo said . "  Oldies radio or commercials or ... on TV shows ,  their music  kept getting used in the '70s and '80s , so when they had a comeback , there was an audience for it . " After first finding fame in the late '80s and mid '90s , New Kids On The Block and Backstreet Boys , respectively , experienced a comeback of sorts when they toured together . As former fans become parents , and introduce their children to The Monkees , Gallo said , their audience will grow . Not to mention that Smash Mouth 's version of "  I 'm a Believer " appeared in 2001 's "  Shrek . " CNN.com commenter papanez wrote : "  Davy and The Monkees were very special to me . I enjoyed them back in the '60s , I had a blast introducing my daughter to them when she was little , and I very much enjoyed their reunions . " "  There will come a day that somebody is going to play The Spice Girls or * NSYNC for their kids and say , ` Let me tell you how great music used to be , ' " Gallo said . "  It 's kind of hard for us to fathom , but in the same ways someone says ` Pleasant Valley Sunday ' is a great song and , ` They do n't write  songs  that way anymore , ' I 'm sure somebody will say that about ` Backstreet 's Back ' one day . "	Davy Jones died of a heart attack at age 66 Wednesday The Monkees frontman and token Brit captivated audiences with his talent and charisma Source : People looked up to Jones as "  the first person who made them interested in music "
As millions of Americans gather in their homes for the holidays , there will be those who will congregate in a different kind of home . An abode common to other parts of the world now proliferates across America : Tent cities . The total number of homeless people residing in tents and makeshift homes is unknown . Many of these communities are small and hidden from public view , while others claim hundreds of residents and are sprinkled through major urban areas . Some , like those tucked under roadways , are temporary and relocate frequently . Their conditions are vile , unsanitary and fail to provide refuge from storms and winds . Then there are communities , such as Dignity Village in Portland , Oregon , that have a more sustained presence . The 13-year-old "  ecovillage " set up by homeless people is hygienic and self-sufficient . Preliminary findings by The National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty show that tent cities have been documented in almost every state , and they 're growing . A report released by the U.S. Conference of Mayors , for example , found that homelessness and hunger rates are rising , culminating in 47 million Americans living below the poverty line . A fledgling economic recovery , high unemployment and contracting government services are largely to blame . So is the paucity -- or paradox -- of affordable housing . While homelessness is increasing , more than 10 % of homes in America are empty . Emergency services , meanwhile , are n't filling the void . Homeless families and single adults are routinely turned away by shelter homes because of lack of bed space . Tent cities are an organic , last resort response to crushing economic circumstances . Yet , rather than ameliorating the conditions that give rise to these communities , many states and municipalities are cracking down . While some encampments are legally sanctioned or permitted to operate on church grounds , officials routinely invoke prohibitions against public camping and sleeping to disband these encampments , leaving tenants languishing out in the cold . Epithets suggesting that homeless people are mentally ill , lazy , criminal , violent or some combination thereof only fuels the fire . These accusations are largely urban myth . Most homeless people do not suffer from mental illness or drug abuse . Many homeless people have jobs but simply ca n't afford housing . Some tent cities , for example , cater to local economies , and many of their residents are gainfully employed . Homeless people also tend to be the victims of countless hate crimes , even though they are a protected class under numerous state hate crime statutes . Lost in this shameful rhetoric is the fact that the right to housing is a bedrock of international law and protected by U.S. law . Some courts have held that tearing down camps when no alternative is available amounts to cruel and unusual punishment and a deprivation of property without due process of law . That we can even stroll through our cities while some of the residents languish in squalor is hard to believe . A few decades ago , tent cities would have been unimaginable . In 1964 , a group of researchers famously roamed the parks of New York City and found only one homeless man . Fifty years later , homelessness in New York City has reached a record high . The same can be said for much of America : Homelessness has doubled since the 1980s . Those who declare that we 're close to ending poverty just need to look around and see the victims of the Great Recession . Tent cities are an ugly reminder of America 's growing income inequalities . Yet , in the absence of meaningful economic reform , these self-reliant communities must not be dismantled . Nor should they be forgotten . For in sanctioning them , we risk capitulating to the epidemic of poverty and shifting our public policy from eliminating poverty to accommodating it . This is already happening in other parts of the world . In Mumbai , India , for example , slums freckle the landscape like skyscrapers . But sprouting from the dilapidation are antennas and electrical wires . Some of the housing units have electricity , cable programming and mail delivery . And so the discussion no longer concerns extricating human beings from the slums but making the slums more habitable . We must not succumb to America 's great divide . Doing so is n't just a repudiation of the downtrodden ; it 's a stain on our national consciousness .	Arjun Sethi : As Americans go home for the holidays , some homeless go to tent cities Sethi : Tent cities , either makeshift or more permanent , proliferate across America He says instead of helping the homeless , states are cracking down on these communities Sethi : Tent cities are a reminder of America 's growing income inequalities
CNN  -- Severe weather turned deadly Wednesday night in north Texas . Officials say at least 10 tornadoes touched down , leaving at least six people dead and more than 100 injured in the Dallas-Fort Worth area . If you are looking for missing loved ones , you can call 817-579-2888 to get info from Lake Granbury Hospital . One of the hardest hit areas was a community of homes built by Habitat for Humanity in Granbury , Texas . Most of the 110 homes in that neighborhood are completely destroyed . This is a community that will need help to recover from this devastation . The Hood County Sheriff 's Office urges people wishing to volunteer to report to the First United Methodist Church , 301 Loop 567 in Granbury . Several groups are in Hood County getting the effort started . The Red Cross The Red Cross is on the scene and providing shelter for those who need it . It has opened two shelters in Hood County and you can find their locations here . The Red Cross is not collecting items but encourages monetary donations at this time . You can use the Red Cross ' Safe and Well site to alert your loved ones that you are safe or if you are concerned about someone you ca n't reach . The Salvation Army The Salvation Army went into action Wednesday night , deploying three Disaster Canteen mobile kitchens to the area , with two more on standby . These canteens provide food as well as emotional and spiritual support for the residents and first responders affected by the storm . The Humane Society of North Texas When homes are lost , families are displaced , including pets . And when there are only moments to get to safety , pets can become separated from their owners in the chaos . The Humane Society of North Texas is bringing a trailer to the area to help with animal control and displaced animals . Habitat for Humanity Many of these homes were built by Habitat for Humanity and the Dallas chapter has vowed to stand by the families of Grandbury . They are assessing the damage and will respond accordingly when needs are determined . In the meantime they will welcome and encourage donations on behalf of the rebuilding effort and will have volunteer opportunities listed on their site soon .	Tornadoes leave at least six dead , more than 100 injured in Dallas-Fort Worth area The Red Cross currently has two shelters open for those in need The Salvation Army is on the scene providing food and spiritual support Humane Society is helping with animal control and displaced animals
Zaatari refugee camp , Jordan  CNN  -- They carried teapots and tiny gas canisters , shopping bags filled with clothes and overstuffed bundles of blankets balanced on their heads . Many held jerry cans , once full with water , now dangling empty . This was our first day in Jordan , and nothing could have prepared us for the scene in front of us : Hundreds of refugees from Syria making the long walk to safety in Jordan , one long jagged line stretching out into the open desert . SEE MORE : Stunning photo gallery of Syria 's refugees The refugees came from the outskirts of Damascus , walking for days in order to escape the ugly civil war that has engulfed their country for the past three years . Their destination , like so many thousands before them , is the Zaatari refugee camp in Jordan . The numbers are staggering : Syrian refugees are now estimated to make up 10 % of Jordan 's population . These are the scenes I remember the most from our journey from the Syria-Jordan border to Zaatari . The Long Walk from Syria Two children clutching plastic soda bottles filled with olives from their family farm in Syria . One exhausted woman , eight months pregnant , gratefully taking the hand of a Jordanian border police officer as she struggled over the dirt mound that marks the Syria-Jordan border . UNHCR staff and Jordanian border police carrying bag after bag , child after child , and , most of all , the astonishing number of injured and sick brought in on wheelchairs . INTERACTIVE MAP : Syrians turn Zaatari into a home An old man sitting on his battered suitcase . He offered me a biscuit . When I asked him how old he was , he said maybe 90 or 95 . "  I do n't remember my birthday , " he said with a toothless smile . A woman who stopped and sat in the endless stretch of sand to feed her six-month-old child . She did n't want to be filmed . I spoke to her off-camera . She had travelled for three days from Damascus . Her home had been destroyed . I asked about the baby . Was he sleeping ? Was she able to get enough food , produce enough milk to feed him ? She smiled shyly . I showed her a picture of my little boy . She let me take a photo of her beautiful baby . The "  Mayor of Zaatari " Zaatari is not simply a camp . More than 127,000 people have fled to the sprawling desert encampment since it opened in June 2012 . If it was a city it would be the 5th largest in Jordan -- and , in fact , Zaatari is much more like a city than you might imagine : Hundreds of shops line a main road known as the "  Champs Elysees . " There are supermarkets and vegetable gardens , bicycle workshops and beauty salons . Overseeing all this is Killian Kleinschmidt . He has been called the "  Mayor of Zaatari " but he 's actually the UNHCR Field Coordinator for the camp . He believes in tackling problems head on and always with an impish sense of humour . He was kind enough to let us tag along on one of his frequent afternoon strolls through the camp . It turned out to be one of the most entertaining tours I 've ever been on . A Town Called Zaatari The day in Zaatari begins with bread . At dawn , the World Food Program delivers millions of loaves of bread for distribution to the camp 's residents . Many families send their children to fetch the daily bread . And they come running in , waving pink vouchers in their hands . They leave loaded down with bags of bread , five pieces per family member . But that 's only the start . In fact , Zaatari has a bustling economy : the U.N. estimates that $ 12 million is exchanged in business transactions here every month . The population demographics in Zaatari are skewed towards women and children but also a surprising number of elderly residents . Consider these statistics : More than half  54 %  of the camp 's residents are under the age of 17 . 42 % of families in the camp are led by a female head of household . 3 % are more than 60-years old . Syrian government demolished thousands of homes , report says Safah 's story Many of Zaatari 's children bear the physical and emotional scars of war . Six-year old Safah is one of them . She and her family survived a rocket attack on their home in Aleppo , but they were hit by a second rocket outside Damascus . Safah lost her leg in the blast and has struggled to cope . Her father spoke to us about his heartbreak in seeing his bubbly daughter become quiet and withdrawn . Syria 's 110-year-old refugee One of my favorite moments was meeting Jabaari Alawali . He 's does n't remember his birthday , so he does n't know exactly how old he is . But he reckons he is 110-years old with more than 200 grandchildren . And he is a charmer . His eyes sparkle when he tells you stories of life in Syria before the Assad family came to power . And he recites poetry , lots of poetry , in a wavering voice . "  Assad made beggars out of his people , " he told me . Bringing beauty to Zaatari I expected to see many things in Zaatari : A bustling market-place , caravan homes under construction and many , many kids at play . I did not expect to get a facial experience in home-made spa . But that 's exactly what I got from Rowaida Abu-Zaid , the proprietor of Alma 's Salon for Women , one of three wedding shops in Zaatari . I was really taken by her fearless attitude and candid views . We talked about the fears of the camp 's young women and why so many are now getting married much earlier . She also showed me how the simple act of applying lipstick is an act of resilience for the women of the camp . "  Even the bread does n't taste the same " Zaatari is the main collection point for Syrian refugees in Jordan . But the vast majority of Syria 's refugees actually live outside the camp , trying to find work in Jordan 's cities . We met with one man , a baker , hoping to find work on the outskirts of Amman . He lives in one bare room with his family of five . He spoke to us on condition of anonymity because he fears his family at home in Syria could be targeted . But it 's very unlikely he 'll be able to find work . He lost his foot in a rocket attack , and his young son was crippled for life in the same attack . One of the most poignant moments , however , we did not catch on camera . We showed him the video we had shot of him using crutches to walk with his son . "  Look ! " he cried out , "  when you fast-forward the video it looks like I am running again . At last ! " Nothing can take away from the pain and loss of being a refugee . But everyone we met had a remarkable story of resilience and determination . Zaatari is a remarkable place because its residents are building a strong community out of what little they have . They build homes , invest in businesses , plant vegetable gardens and paint works of art . But every single Syrian refugee I spoke to said the same thing : if the war stopped today , I would be home tomorrow .	Hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees have streamed into Jordan since 2011 More than 100,000 Syrians now call Zaatari refugee camp home Half of Zaatari 's population are children ; 42 % of families have a female head of household U.N. estimates nearly 3 million children in Syria have been forced to quit their education
London  CNN  -- All Airbus A380 airplanes must be checked for cracks in the wings , the European Aviation Safety Agency ordered Wednesday . The order covering all A380s does not mean the planes must be grounded , said Dominique Fouda , a spokesman for the aviation agency . "  They can fly , they just have to be checked within the time frame , " he said . It expands an existing order that the 20 oldest A380s be checked for cracks , Fouda said , adding , "  Now , with the second directive , we are including the whole fleet . " Planes that have completed more than 1,384 takeoffs and landings must be inspected within three weeks of February 13 , the agency said . Those that have completed 1,216 to 1,383 flight cycles have six weeks , and planes that have performed fewer than 1,216 cycles must be examined before they reach 1,300 cycles . If cracks are found , the airline must contact Airbus for instructions , the agency said . The 68 A380 planes in operation are being flown by Air France , China Southern , Emirates , Korean Air , Lufthansa , Qantas and Singapore Airlines , according to the company website . Another 185 planes have been ordered , Airbus says . South Korea 's Ministry of Land , Transport and Maritime Affairs said that it will issue an order to Korean Air on Thursday to conduct a safety check on its five A380 aircraft . There are no immediate safety issues , the ministry said . None of the aircraft will need to be inspected before next spring . Any inspection carried out beforehand would not be beneficial in terms of determining safety of the aircraft , the ministry said . Wednesday 's order was not prompted by any new cracks , but is a normal follow-up to the original directive , which was issued three weeks ago , Fouda said . He called the directives an interim measure , saying a long-term fix is "  now being worked on with Airbus . " That , he said , should be in place by the summer . CNN 's Ayesha Durgahee and Ric Ward contributed to this report	The European air safety agency orders all A380s checked for cracks in the wings The order does not ground the fleet There are 68 A380s in operation around the world , the company says
Swat Valley , Pakistan  CNN  -- After the Pakistani Taliban shot her along with Malala Yousufzai , Kainat Ahmad could n't sleep for two days . By now , millions around the world know how 14-year-old Malala and her classmates were attacked in their school van in the Swat Valley , a bastion of traditional Muslim practices in Pakistan . Malala : A global symbol , but still just a kid Her attackers have vowed to kill Malala for demanding education for girls . Now she 's fighting for her life at an English hospital , listed in stable condition Wednesday and unable to speak . But lesser-known Kainat can , and she shared her story in an exclusive interview . Speaking from her hospital room in Mingora , the 16-year-old described her startled reaction and lingering fears over the attack . Kainat , who was shot in the upper right arm , displayed a thoughtful demeanor as she chatted with CNN journalists She vocalized what her friend Malala long preached : Girls , go to school and study , an idea violently opposed by the Taliban . Read more : Standing with Malala "  I want to tell all the girls to continue their mission to get an education , " Kainat said Tuesday . "  Girls ' education here is more important than boys ' because boys can do any sort of work . However , girls ca n't just do any sort of job . Girls must have respectful jobs so that they can feel secure . " The 10th-grader toughed out the ordeal . She said she has no regrets about defying a group that wants to stop girls from learning . "  God willing , I will continue my education , " she said . The attack occurred on October 9 . Attention has focused on Malala because the Taliban targeted her over activism . The shooting prompted an unusually strong and united reaction of disgust and anger in Pakistan and other countries . Rallies supporting Malala have spread nationwide . Anger has been directed toward the Pakistani Taliban , the extremist group that has claimed responsibility for the shooting and said it will seek to kill Malala if she recovers from her injuries . Read more : Attack on Pakistani schoolgirl galvanizes anti-Taliban feeling The group , which operates in northwestern Pakistan along the border with Afghanistan , has fallen out of favor for such attacks . A 2009 video that emerged of the flogging of a teenage girl in the Swat Valley enraged Pakistanis . Kainat appreciated attention from hospital visitors -- from reporters to government officials -- and was gratified to emphasize the need for girls ' education . "  I ca n't believe what 's happened , but I am happy everyone is here to see me , " she said . She can remember just a snippet of the attack . She said she was talking to her friend about an Urdu-language exam when a male approached . "  He asked , ` Who is Malala ? ' When someone told him , he started firing . Sir , because of this , Malala suddenly fell , " she said . Kainat , who fainted during the attack , could n't describe the shooter . Read more : Millions of children face Malala 's fight for education "  I did n't see anything , " she said . "  I just heard the gunshots . I do n't know what happened . I just passed out . " She woke up in an emergency room . It has since dawned on her that the incident has gone viral , with people across the world viewing defiant female Pakistani students like her and Malala as heroic . So far , the terror has n't worn off as she recovers from her wound . "  I want to tell you that when I think about what happened , it 's still in my head and sometimes it 's terrifying , " she said . The attackers shot a third girl , who also survived . Kainat 's remarks focus on Malala and her classmates . She hopes other girls "  stay ambitious in their studies . " A spokesman for the Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham said Wednesday that Malala "  continued to impress doctors by responding well to her care . " Kainat wants Malala to recover . "  She was good friends with everyone , " Kainat said . "  I hope Malala gets better as soon as possible and comes back to her country and joins us at school again . " CNN 's Reza Sayah and Shaan Khan reported from Swat Valley . Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta .	NEW : Hospital says Malala Yousufzai remains in stable condition Kainat Ahmad , who was shot with the Pakistani teen , spoke with CNN from her hospital bed "  Stay ambitious , " Kainat says to other girls She says Malala was "  good friends " with all
CNN  -- Journalism sometimes has a bit of a short-term memory problem . If something did n't happen , or was n't written , this day , this hour , this minute , then it 's easy for us Internet writers to pretend it did n't happen . Or to forget about it and move on to the next post . The problem with this myopia , of course , is that history is a wise teacher , and all good reporting should build on a thoughtful understanding of the past and the present . That 's why I 'm asking for your help in creating a list of "  must-reads " on the subject of income inequality . That topic , which you voted for me to cover as part of the Change the List project , has been examined thoughtfully by countless writers , philosophers , historians , politicians , journalists , Web designers and documentarians . As I embark on a series about inequality in the United States , it makes sense to survey the smart , exciting works already out there . Why not make the creation of this must-read list a collective , public experiment ? Hopefully , we all can benefit from the process , and the list will be public so others can learn from it , too . Submit your top picks via these Facebook or Google + posts -- and make the case for why your favorite book , doc or website should be included . You can also leave a comment at the bottom of the page here if you prefer . My plan is to compile a list of 99  or so  must-reads from your submissions . * I 'm using the term "  must-read " loosely . I think the list should include books and articles as well as thoughtful websites , charts , videos or documentaries . To get things started , here are 10 of my picks , in no particular order : 1 . "  Inequality.Is " - This website from the Economic Policy Institute is the best online primer I 've found . It explains why inequality is a problem , how it was created and what might fix it . 2 . "  A Theory of Justice " - The 1971 book by the late John Rawls is often cited as the philosophical basis for opposing income inequality . It 's a dense book , but thought-provoking . 3 . "  Park Avenue " - A documentary by Oscar winner Alex Gibney . It uses the famous New York avenue as a metaphor for American inequality ; Park Avenue is home to both extreme wealth , in Manhattan , and extreme poverty , in the Bronx . 4 . "  The Great Divergence " - Journalist Timothy Noah argues , as his book 's description says , that growing inequality "  may be the most important change in this country during our lifetimes -- a drastic , elemental change in the character of American society , and not at all for the better . " 5 . "  Wealth Inequality in America " - Chances are you 're one of the 6.8 million people who has viewed this YouTube video . It 's based on the work of Harvard 's Mike Norton . 6 . "  Inequality and New York 's Subway " - A New Yorker interactive , which maps median income levels by subway stops in New York . The power is in its minimalism . Take a look at the 2 train map . It passes through neighborhoods with median incomes of $ 205,192 and $ 13,750 . 7 . "  Nickel and Dimed " - A first-person journey by writer Barbara Ehrenreich , who agreed to try to make a living doing jobs that required no higher education or specialized skills . 8 . "  Born Rich " - Jamie Johnson , from the wealthy Johnson & Johnson family , directed this documentary about his own life and the lives of his super-rich friends and acquaintances . It reveals a fascinating and complicated picture of wealth in modern America . 9 . -LSB- Untitled letter -RSB- - In March 2013 , 90 "  economists , academics and development experts " sent a letter to a panel tasked by the United Nations with creating a post-2015 development agenda . The experts argue income inequality should be a global priority , in part , because "  inequalities threaten our ability to pursue fair and sustainable development as much as they threaten eradication of extreme poverty . " 10 . "  The Spirit Level " - Written by two epidemiologists , Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett , this book makes a strong , statistics-based argument that ugly social problems -- from obesity to incarceration rates -- are associated with unequal societies . Better health and well-being would follow , they argue , if our societies were made to be more equal . This quickly thrown-together list has plenty of limitations . It focuses almost entirely on the United States , particularly New York . All these works were published in 1971 or later , which is a huge weakness of my list . Most of them presuppose inequality is a problem , or set out to prove that it is . So , conservatives , skeptics , historians , literary types and international readers : Help me get some diversity going here ! I look forward to your submissions , and thanks in advance for the help with this project . * Readers of The Atlantic may notice that this concept of a crowdsourced must-read list is based on Alexis Madrigal 's "  Tech Canon , " which he compiled in a similar manner in 2010 . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	John Sutter is covering income inequality for the Change the List project Help him compile a list of 99 "  must-reads " on income inequality Submit your top picks on Facebook , Google + or in the comments below Readers voted for Sutter to cover this topic as part of Change the List
London  CNN  -- A previously unseen portrait of the teenage education activist Malala Yousafzai goes on show Wednesday in a new display of work by Jonathan Yeo opening at the National Portrait Gallery in London . Yeo says the portrait , measuring just less than a meter in height , is larger than life-size and shows the young campaigner , now 16 years old , doing her homework . Malala at U.N. : Taliban failed to silence us The schoolgirl became the focus of global attention after she was shot in the head by Taliban gunmen last year . Malala was 15 when gunmen jumped onto her school bus and shouted her name , scaring other girls into identifying her , in the attack in Pakistan 's Swat Valley . The Taliban 's actions sparked massive protests in Pakistan and condemnation worldwide . Since recovering from brain surgery in Britain , Malala has continued her high-profile efforts to improve access to education for everyone . She celebrated her 16th birthday at the United Nations in New York , where she delivered an emotional plea for all children to have the right to go to school . Yeo first met Malala and her family in April 2013 , when she had just started school in England and was still recovering from her life-threatening injuries , the gallery said in a news release . Gordon Brown : How Malala forced terrorists onto defensive "  It was a great privilege to spend some time with Malala and her family at such a pivotal moment in her life , " said Yeo , who has donated the work to the Malala Fund , which was set up to help girls go to school . "  Given how much she has already been through and all that she represents to the world , it took a while to adjust to the fact that she is still a very fragile teenager . Hopefully the painting reflects the slight paradox of representing someone with enormous power and wisdom yet vulnerability and youth at the same time . " From Taliban to Malala : Why we shot you He said it was an honor to support her charitable fund and to portray "  one of the most inspiring figures of our age . " Malala said she was honored that the National Portrait Gallery wanted to show her picture . "  I think that he has really captured me in the image , " she said of Yeo 's work . "  It is wonderful to know that many children will ultimately be able to benefit from the money raised from its sale . " Other portraits by Yeo in the show include former British Prime Minister Tony Blair and actor Kevin Spacey , depicted in Shakespeare 's "  Richard III . "	A painting of the teenager is being shown at the National Portrait Gallery in London Artist Jonathan Yeo calls her "  one of the most inspiring figures of our age " He has donated the work to the Malala Fund , which was set up to help girls go to school "  I think that he has really captured me in the image , " Malala says of the portrait
When Jody Sabatino opened her mailbox last month , she got some jaw-dropping news : Her insurance company , UnitedHealthcare , was cutting the 79-year-old 's most trusted doctor from its Medicare Advantage plan . In fact , four of her six regular doctors wo n't be covered at all next year . "  I could n't believe it . I just could n't believe it , " Sabatino said . What 's easier to believe for those affected by the cuts is that because Obamacare makes it harder for insurers to cut patients from their rolls , they 're cutting doctors instead -- and hoping patients follow them off the plan . United 's move left Sabatino and her 94-year-old husband , Nick , facing a tough choice : Do they stay with United and find new doctors or try to keep their doctors by finding a new insurance plan ? "  Dr. Mieczkowski has been my doctor for 20 years . No one knows me any better than he does , and it 's silly not to continue to go with him , " Sabatino said . So she went shopping . And the insurance plan she bought is going to cost her more . Of the eight prescriptions that United covered , half of them are either going to cost more or are n't covered at all under her new plan . Insurers ease deadline to pay for Obamacare policies But by switching plans , Jody Sabatino gets to keep Dr. Lawrence Mieczkowski , or "  Dr. Mitch . " The cardiometabolic specialist will be unceremoniously dumped from United 's Medicare Advantage network next year with little explanation . "  Given the significant changes and pressures in the health care environment , we have undertaken a review of our network and are making changes to its composition , " United wrote to Mieczkowski in an August letter . "  As a result , UnitedHealthcare is amending your agreement referenced above to discontinue your participation in the Medicare Advantage network effective on January 1 , 2014 . ... This amendment does not require your signature . " But the doctor thinks United is trimming physicians from its networks in hopes that their patients will follow . "  Let those high-cost patients move out of the UnitedHealthcare Medicare Advantage plan over to Anthem or Humana and let those poor suckers , so to speak , pick up the cost , " Mieczkowski said . In Ohio , where Mieczkowski practices outside Dayton , hundreds of doctors and thousands of patients have been affected by United 's cuts . And in Connecticut , United cut about 20 % of its doctors , according to the state medical society . The American Medical Association says United and other insurers have taken similar action in at least a dozen states . "  The patient costs a lot , " said Todd Baker of the Ohio State Medical Association . "  And United is going to those patients ' doctors and dropping them and therefore getting rid of the patient . " United concedes it is reducing the size of its Medicare Advantage network , saying it will shrink by about 10 % to 15 % by the end of next year . "  Many health plans are making changes to their networks to improve quality and keep health insurance affordable , " United said in a statement to CNN . "  These changes are necessary to meet rising quality standards in an era of Medicare funding cuts , and will improve our ability to work closely with physicians and encourage better health outcomes for our members . " The insurance industry 's trade group argues that the changes are a direct result of Obamacare . To help pay for health care reform , lawmakers included $ 200 billion in cuts to the Medicare Advantage program and a new tax on health insurers . "  Washington ca n't cut and tax the Medicare Advantage program this much and not expect seniors in the program to be harmed . And that 's exactly what we 're starting to see , " said Robert Zirkelbach of America 's Health Insurance Plans . "  This is just the beginning . As more and more of these cuts go into effect over the next several years , seniors are going to face even higher premiums , higher out-of-pocket costs for services and fewer health care choices . " And even though Sabatino was able to find a plan that allows her to continue to see Mieczkowski , she will still lose two other specialists . "  We 're walking away from people that we 've known and trusted and counted on for over 10 years , and that 's hard , " she said . "  That 's hard . " Christie on Obamacare ad : Get out of your PJs Private exchanges : Obamacare signup process still not ready Microsoft exec to oversee Obamacare website Sebelius orders review of Obamacare website	Ohio doctor is one of many being dropped by insurance companies , AMA says Medicare cuts in Obamacare are changing provider networks , industry spokesman says Ohio couple opted for a more expensive insurance plan to keep their doctor
CNN  -- Chris Hoy became Great Britain 's most decorated Olympian of all time after his victory in the men 's keirin took his tally to six gold medals . Hoy fought off a late charge from Germany 's Maximilian Levy in the final sprint to cross the line first and then confirmed he is "  99.9 % " certain never to race in the Olympics again . The 36-year-old was roared home by a vociferous crowd in the Velodrome to complete a dream Games for Team GB who won seven of the 10 track cycling gold medals on offer . Earlier in the day Laura Trott added to the gold she won in the women 's team pursuit with triumph in the omnium event , but home crowd favorite Victoria Pendleton was beaten to gold by Australian Anna Meares in the individual sprint . Follow the action on day eleven with our London 2012 live blog "  I 'm in shock , you try and compose yourself but it 's surreal , " Hoy told the host broadcaster after the race . "  I wanted to win gold in front of my home crowd . I saw everyone stepping up to the plate and thankfully it worked out for me too . "  The keirin is a lottery and you never take anything for granted in it . I ca n't describe the feelings I have at the moment . This is enough for me , this is the perfect end to my Olympic career . "  I ca n't put into words what it means to me . It 's one of the greatest feelings I have ever had . I 'm 99.9 % sure I wo n't be competing in Rio -- how can you top this ? "  Glasgow  for the 2014 Commonwealth Games  is another question , as that would be the dream ending for me . " Hoy took the lead with two laps to go and though Levy briefly overtook him on the back straight , the Scot responded to power ahead and take the line . He has now eclipsed the five gold medals won by rower Steve Redgrave to become Britain 's most successful ever Olympian . Behind Hoy and Levy , New Zealand 's Simon Van Velthooven and Dutchman Teun Mulder could not be split by a photo finish and were both awarded bronze medals . In the women 's individual sprint final Meares gained revenge for defeat in the same event four years ago , as Pendleton had to settle for silver in her last race before retiring . But though the Australian won the best of three final 2-0 , it was a race tinged with controversy . Pendleton thought she had won the first leg by 0.001 of a second , only to be disqualified by the judges for straying out of the sprint lane . Her coaches argued Meares had nudged into her , forcing the mistake but the decision stood . She was also disqualified from the women 's team sprint on Thursday . In the second sprint Pendleton went off early but ran out of power as Meares surged past her to add another gold to the one she won in Athens . It denied Pendleton a fairytale ending to a career in which she won two gold medals , including the women 's keirin at the London Games . "  I 'm so relieved and overwhelmed with emotion . I would have loved to have won on my final race but I 'm so glad it 's all done and I can move on , " she said . "  I think Anna is the best rider of the field and it is the way it should have been , Anna and myself in the final , she 's a fantastic competitor . But I 'm very glad to be saying that 's the last time I 'm going to go through that . "  I was really annoyed  at being relegated  because I 'm sure she touched me and it caused me to move up . I ca n't believe twice in the competition I 've been disqualified and relegated , it 's unheard of . " Prior to Pendleton 's farewell race , 20-year-old Laura Trott secured her second gold in her first ever Olympics by winning the multi-discipline women 's omnium event . She set a new Olympic record in the the 500m time trial event to beat American Sarah Hammer and add to the gold she won in the women 's team pursuit . "  I ca n't believe this has happened to me , " she said . "  I 'm peaking at the right time and it 's all thanks to the coaches , and the support of the crowd and my family . "	Chris Hoy becomes Britain 's most decorated Olympian after winning sixth gold Hoy took top honors in the men 's Keirin to take second gold of London Games Australia 's Anna Meares wins gold in the women 's sprint beating Victoria Pendleton Laura Trott wins women 's omnium event to give Team GB seven golds out of ten
CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's Kumar Sangakkara equaled a landmark cricket record but his side are in deep trouble after the opening action in the traditional Boxing Day Test against Australia at the Melbourne Cricket Ground . A big crowd approaching 70,000 at the MCG saw Sri Lanka routed for just 156 , with Australia only six runs behind with three wickets down at stumps on the first day . Sangakkara 's 58 saw him past 10,000 runs , reaching it in his 195th Test innings to equal greats Sachin Tendulkar and Brian Lara . His defiant effort was only ended by a superb running catch by wicketkeeper Matthew Wade which gave Australia paceman Mitchell Johnson his 200th wicket in his 49th Test . "  To achieve what he has achieved is absolutely amazing , " Sri Lanka coach Graham Ford told AFP . "  So for us , although it was a disappointing day in many ways , that brought a lot of joy to the lads . " Johnson was left out for Australia 's convincing first Test victory in Hobart , but returned to take four wickets for 63 runs to lead the home bowlers . Test debutant Jackson Bird , Peter Siddle and Nathan Lyon grabbed two wickets apiece as the visitors capitulated . Australia made a rapid reply with opener David Warner hitting 62 off just 46 balls in an opening partnership of 95 with Ed Cowan . Warner fell to Angelo Matthews , caught in the deep by Dhammika Prasad attempting another big shot . Phil Hughes made just 10 before being run out in a mix-up with Cowan , who fell for 36 to Prasad in the next over . But home skipper Michael Clarke , passed fit after an injury scare , and Shane Watson saw them through to the close in a strong position .	13 wickets fall on opening day Test in Melbourne Australia trail by just six runs with seven wickets left Kumar Sangakarra reaches 10,000 runs in Test cricket Mitchell Johnson takes 200th Test wicket
CNN  -- A stampede at a religious gathering in northwestern China left 14 dead and 10 others injured on Sunday , China 's state-run news agency Xinhua has reported , citing local government . The incident is still under investigation , but Xinhua 's initial report said the stampede occurred during the handing out of food at an event to commemorate a late religious figure in a mosque in Guyuan , a city in the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region . The injured victims were hospitalized . Four people are in critical condition , Xinhua reported . Global Public Square : 2014 is a make or break year for China	14 people die in a religious stampede in northwestern China ; 10 people are injured People were celebrating religious event , and an investigation has been started
DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania  CNN  -- President Bush gave Tanzania 's president , who played basketball as a youth , a pair of Shaquille O'Neal 's shoes Sunday , along with millions of dollars to help combat disease and poverty in the east African country . President Jakaya Kikwete , next to President Bush , looks on as Bush greets a boy at a Tanzanian hospital Sunday . The gift of the American basketball icon 's size-23 hightops spoke to the lighter side of Bush 's visit . President Jakaya Kikwete presented gifts , too -- a stuffed leopard and lion , a Zebra skin and a wood carving for the American president who was enthusiastically welcomed on the second stop of his five-nation African tour . The Tanzanian president later artfully dodged a reporter 's question on the potential that the U.S. might elect a black president , Sen. Barack Obama , whose father is Kenyan . Kikwete looked at Bush before demonstrating his political deftness , saying , "  Let him be as good a friend of Africa as President Bush has been . " But there was plenty of serious business to tend to as well , namely the signing of a compact under which the U.S. is to provide a $ 698 million grant to Tanzania . Watch how Bush explained what African nations are candidates for U.S. aid " U.S. funding is intended to help African governments buy mosquito netting and insecticide to prevent the spread of malaria . "  It breaks my heart to know that little children are dying needlessly because of a mosquito bite , " Bush said . Bush also attended a roundtable on the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief , or PEPFAR , program , which Kikwete said is saving lives and helping the African continent avert a health disaster . Bush said he has requested $ 30 billion over the next five years for the program . Though PEPFAR has helped increase accessibility to anti-viral drugs , the program is controversial because there is little focus on distributing condoms -- a staple of the program under President Clinton -- or on sex education , said Joel Barkan , a senior associate for the Center for Strategic and International Studies . The program is "  largely pursued through faith-based initiatives , " he said , adding that it 's not clear whether the AIDS-prevalence rates are going down . After their visit to Tanzania , the president and first lady Laura Bush will travel to Rwanda to meet with President Paul Kagame . Watch why Bush looks to Africa as part of his legacy " The U.S. has provided nearly 7,000 Rwandan troops with training , and spent more than $ 17 million to equip the troops and send them to Sudan , according to National Security adviser Stephen Hadley . Ethnic and tribal violence has raged for years in Sudan 's western Darfur region , leaving about 200,000 dead and more than 2 million displaced . Arab militias , said to be backed by the Sudanese government , have wantonly attacked Africans , and numerous rebel groups have attacked government targets . "  In Darfur , the U.S. will continue to call the killing what it is -- genocide , " Bush said last week . The Bushes will go to Ghana then Liberia after visiting Rwanda . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , who is on the Africa trip , will head to Kenya on Monday to support efforts to reach political conciliation there . The country erupted in ethnic violence after a December presidential vote , in which President Mwai Kibaki kept his post . Opposition leader Raila Odinga blasted the results , saying the election was rigged . He and his supporters declined to recognize the election results . Violence has declined some since former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan began mediating between the two groups . Bush 's first stop on the six-day tour was Benin , where he arrived Saturday . There , President Thomas Yayi Boni inducted Bush into the National Order of Benin and gave the American president a sash , cross medallion and lapel pin . He also thanked Bush for U.S. aid aimed at fighting poverty , malaria and HIV/AIDS , and he asked for help for Benin 's struggling cotton exports . Boni said it was tough for Benin to compete with Asian cotton producers because of their superior infrastructure and with U.S. cotton growers because of government subsidies . Bush responded that the U.S. is willing to make concessions , but suggested that Benin might be better served to develop a cotton-products industry rather than trying to export raw cotton . Boni said Benin needs international help bolstering its electricity , water , communication and transportation systems before expanding its manufacturing sector . Bush said he chose Benin to start his African tour because its leaders were determined to fight corruption and were careful to make sure U.S. aid dollars were properly spent . "  The United States wants to partner with leaders and their people , but we 're not going to do so with people who steal money , pure and simple , " Bush said . The United States has given Benin $ 307 million in a five-year grant to fight poverty , part of Bush 's Millennium Challenge Account , which provides aid to countries that practice democratic principles and sound economic policy . Bush 's trip to Africa is "  basically an effort to celebrate successes , " said Joel Barkan of the Center for Strategic and International Studies . Most Americans picture Africa as the "  continent of gloom and doom , " but the president is saying the bigger picture is one of "  making progress . " Barkan added , "  The question might be asked why he 's not going to a number of countries , " in particular the regional powers of Kenya , South Africa and Nigeria . "  If the election in Kenya had gone well , " the analyst said , "  I 'm sure Kenya would have been included . That 's not possible now . " The trip marks Bush 's second to the continent and his wife 's fifth . E-mail to a friend	President Bush signs aid compact with Tanzania during Africa tour President , first lady visiting five nations during six-day visit to the region Benin thanked President Bush for anti-AIDS efforts , other U.S. help Saturday Condoleezza Rice will visit Kenya to back efforts to end political crisis there
Washington  CNN  -- Before President Obama says a word during his Tuesday Oval Office address , the backdrop will make a statement for him : that he is the decider . Obama is set to give his second Oval Office address , a speech meant to mark the end of combat missions in Iraq . But besides the remarks he will make , the setting of his speech will convey something , too . "  The Oval Office invokes the center of the presidential authority . That 's the president 's office , that 's where he supposedly makes decisions , where he governs , " says presidential historian Robert Dallek . " -LSB- When -RSB- a talk to the nation is given from that office , -LSB- it -RSB- is underscoring his executive powers , his leadership . " The Oval Office symbolizes power , command , and authority , Dallek said . It shows the president , "  as George W. Bush put it , is the ` decider ' " and that symbolism is important . For example , former President George H.W. Bush announced the start of the first Gulf war from the Oval Office , telling Americans and the world that he was the commander in chief just by setting the scene in the Oval Office . And on the night of the terrorist attacks on September 11 , 2001 , former President George W. Bush spoke to the American people from the Oval Office , to show he was in command and to reassure the nation . Dallek points out the differences between giving a speech in the Oval Office versus a speech in a different venue . For example , Obama 's speech in front of the joint session of Congress a year ago conveyed his desire to get Congress to act on health care reform . "  A joint session of Congress has a different function , " Dallek said . A speech in front of both the Senate and House shows the president is "  trying to convince Congress to join with him . " When Obama addressed both chambers in September 2009 , the health care debate was still waging . He called for bipartisan proposals to address health care reform and focused attention on the issue , on Congress and on the presidency . An Oval Office address is different . The prime-time address focuses the attention singularly on the subject matter . "  Presidents do n't give speeches from the Oval Office casually , " Dallek said . "  It 's given with forethought and consideration . So the fact that he 's giving the current speech about the end of America 's combat role in Iraq is something that he wishes to emphasize and underscore and in a sense I think it 's a demonstration of his completion of his mission or fulfillment of a commitment that he made . " Because of the singular focus on the subject matter during Obama 's Tuesday evening address , Obama will have to navigate the tricky road of marking the end of a war he did not support and honoring the lives of all the Americans killed in the war , Dallek said . Obama must use a "  certain amount of domestic diplomacy to bring the war to a close ; you do n't just end the war and say it 's a mistake . It 's unpalatable because of all the deaths , " Dallek said . So Obama must do it in a way that is "  politically palatable to the American public -- that is at the heart " of his address Tuesday , Dallek said . The Oval Office will also help convey a sense of intimacy of the message . Since former President Jimmy Carter , each president has delivered his farewell address from that room , using the office of the presidency to say goodbye to the American public . President Reagan used the intimate space to comfort the public after space shuttle Challenger exploded in 1986 . President Johnson used the room in 1968 to tell Americans he would not seek re-election and President Nixon gave several speeches regarding the Watergate scandal , including his decision to resign from the presidency in the wake of Watergate in 1974 . Obama 's other Oval Office address was two months ago to address the nation about the Gulf oil disaster . And who does the presidential historian think was most successful at intimate talks to the American people ? Franklin Roosevelt 's fireside addresses -- although there were no televisions at the time , these radio talks were effective in boosting the country 's confidence .	Obama to give Oval Office address on end of combat mission in Iraq Presidents do n't give speeches from the Oval Office casually , says historian Obama 's other Oval Office address was two months ago
