CNN  -- A zookeeper was in stable condition at a Sydney hospital Saturday , a day after she was crushed by a young male elephant during a training session . Lucy Melo , 40 , is recovering in Royal North Shore Hospital -- her condition apparently steady , the Taronga Zoo said in a statement . "  We 're all relieved to hear Lucy 's condition remains stable , and we 're continuing to provide support for her family and fellow keepers , while we continue our programs for the whole herd , " said zoo director Cameron Kerr . The 2-year-old elephant -- known as Pathi Harn , which means miracle in Thai -- pinned Melo to a post around 11:30 a.m. , according to the zoo . Two other zookeepers at a nearby stall came over , got the animal off Melo and called for an ambulance . The Sydney zoo launched an investigation , but as of Saturday it was unclear why Pathi Harn "  challenged " the zookeeper . That young elephant and the rest of the herd are "  calm and well and in the elephant paddock as usual , " according to Taronga . These pachyderms , in fact , are going about life as usual -- including normal daily activities . An Asian elephant , Pathi Harn showed no signs of his life while his mother was in labor for eight days before his birth -- alive and well -- at 3:27 a.m. on March 10 , 2010 , according to Taronga 's website . Weighing in at 116 kilograms  255 pounds  at birth , he grew to 506 kilograms by his first birthday . The zoo 's website describes him as a "  very happy calf who is always looking for attention . " "  Playful and inquisitive , " Pathi Harn is often found "  sparring and wrestling " with Luk Chai , a 3-year-old elephant at the zoo .	A 2-year-old male elephant pins a Sydney zookeeper against a post The zookeeper was initially in critical condition , but has been upgraded to stable The elephant herd -- including the young male -- are continuing their daily activities
CNN  -- Egyptian doctor Amany Sadek was treating patients in a makeshift hospital close to Cairo 's Tahrir Square on Monday when the building was surrounded by armed forces . The doctors turned their lights off , kept quiet and were unable to let anyone in or out of their doors . "  It was horrible , we could hear shots outside , " said Sadek . "  We carried on treating patients in the dark . When we opened the doors an hour or so later , we found people desperately looking for somewhere to be treated . "  I was scared and my friends were scared , but you kind of get used to it , " she said . "  Despite the attacks , the hospital is still one of the safest places to be . " Sadek is one of the founders of the Tahrir Doctors Society , a group of volunteers that formed after spontaneously treating protesters injured during Egypt 's revolution in January . Last Friday , when violence broke out between protesters and security forces after the second round of voting in parliamentary elections , the society set up its makeshift hospital for the fifth time this year . The interior ministry has said at least 100 security officers have been wounded in the clashes . CNN has not been able to independently verify this claim . The field hospital in Omar Makram mosque near Tahrir Square was still in place and stocked with necessary supplies since the last clashes in November . The doctors were able to re-open it quickly to treat victims of the new wave of violence . "  We got a call at 5 a.m. to say the army were attacking people sleeping in their tents , " Sadek said . "  By the time we got there we found lots of casualties , so we re-opened the hospital and it was ready to go straight away . " "  We have treated over 1,000 wounded patients since Friday , and lots of people have been transferred to other hospitals for surgery . "  We are seeing all kinds of injuries , many from live bullets . " The society said on Saturday that one of its members had been shot in the stomach and others had been threatened with arrest . Tahrir Doctors Society currently has about 20 volunteer doctors on duty at any time of the day or night . It 's facility is a short distance from Tahrir Square ; other makeshift hospitals closer to the scene of the clashes have had more trouble continuing with their work . "  The army attacked one of the other field hospitals . The doctors were told to leave or they would be attacked , and the army took their drugs and burned them , " Sadek said . "  Others have been surrounded to prevent anyone from entering or leaving . That happens on a daily basis , usually late at night . " Maj. Mohamed Askar of THE Supreme Council of the Armed Forces said protesters were capturing and wounding soldiers . "  The army soldiers they kidnapped and returned are now in the hospitals . The rebels also captured three officers , tortured them and released them . They were even talking about a prisoner swap , " he said . Sadek says the violence of the last few days is the worst she has seen . At least 14 people have been confirmed killed in the latest spate of violence . Sadek said : "  This time it 's more brutal than ever , more even than in January and February . " Tahrir Doctors Society was formed by a group of five doctors who met in January during the protests that led to the resignation of President Hosni Mubarak 18 days later . "  The five of us sitting in a cafe during the revolution . We were talking about the need to change things , and we started the Tahrir Doctors Society , " said 29-year-old facial surgeon Amhad Farouk . The aims of the society are to provide emergency intervention during clashes or disasters , and to campaign for the right of healthcare for every citizen . Dr Farouk said : "  We do not discriminate between any groups in treating them : we will treat security as well as protesters . We are part of the revolution , and it is the revolutionary spirit to treat everyone equally . " He added : "  At first we were n't organized enough to keep records , but in the recent clashes we keep records of what happens to each patient . We treated more than 3,000 people in one week . " Volunteers coordinated thousands of public donations of medical devices and drugs through accounts such as @TahrirSupplies and @TahrirNeeds on the micro-blogging site Twitter . "  We would announce through them what we needed and people contributed millions of pounds worth of supplies , " Dr. Sadek said . "  Normal people would buy what we needed from pharmacies or factories and bring it down to the square . It was very inspiring . " The group was able to draw on training its members had received from the international medical charity Medicins Sans Frontieres . "  We learned that the safest place for our bigger makeshift hospital was back from the front line , so patients with major injuries could be transferred there from the front line , " Sadek said . "  Many doctors in the front line units were injured by the gas . It went on for six days . Whenever I ha d to go to the front line , I wore a gas mask and goggles and still could hardly breathe . " During quieter times , the Tahrir Doctors Society continues its humanitarian work providing free traveling clinics in deprived areas . A mission that Dr. Farouk said was inspired by January 's revolution . "  This is the rise of Egyptian society . All sorts of groups are organizing themselves since the revolution and are getting stronger , " he said . "  The idea of volunteering is really taking off . " Dr. Sadek agreed . "  Before the revolution people never thought about volunteering . Doctors were just trying to earn enough to make a living , not participating or sharing , " she said . "  After the revolution people started to believe in themselves again . Now we have realized we can make a difference and have stopped thinking just on a personal level . It 's so satisfying . "	Tahrir Doctors Society was started by medics who ran makeshift hospital during January revolution Doctors have continued to work despite being surrounded by armed forces in recent clashes In quieter times , society campaigns for free healthcare and runs traveling clinic
CNN  -- They say the longest journey starts with a single step . But with "  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey , " the first in a trilogy adapted from J.R.R. Tolkien 's first novel , Peter Jackson has taken a different approach : He 's gone two steps forward and three steps back . In the process he 's undoubtedly made himself a whole lot richer . "  The Hobbit " is dominating screen space across the globe this weekend , and will certainly be among the biggest moneymakers of the year . But he 's also jeopardized the legacy of his own "  Lord of the Rings . " Fans wo n't want to hear it , but "  An Unexpected Journey " is a major comedown , a muddle-headed and cumbersome piece of filmmaking that betrays Jackson 's mercenary motives -- Tolkien 's book , too . "  The Hobbit " is far lighter work than what followed , and at approximately 350 pages , hardly crying out for the 10-hour magnum opus treatment  but three films are so much more profitable than one ! For fans , ` Hobbit ' is a family reunion In just shy of three hours , "  An Unexpected Journey " takes the story up to chapter seven -- about 140 pages in my paperback edition . Jackson has shown his elephantine tendencies before , in the bloated and indulgent extended editions of the "  Rings " films . But in the earlier trilogy -- which I admired and enjoyed , incidentally -- he clearly showed he had the measure of the material and understood both Tolkien 's moral convictions and the books ' darker forebodings of impending death and destruction . Even if it 's something of a dry run for Frodo 's odyssey , "  The Hobbit " is a different beast . There 's so much less at stake in the story of Bilbo Baggins  Martin Freeman  joining Gandalf  Ian McKellen  and a band of dwarves in a raid on a dragon 's mountainous lair . This is an adventure story , a caper with elves and goblins . And yet Jackson gives it the same portentous , heroic swagger ; the same doomy menaces . It 's just that this time the action is spooned out in thimbles . The rest of the running time is given over to dwarfish humor , endless , unfunny comic bluster and banter interspersed with duff warrior dirges and desperate close-ups of Freeman mugging . "  Sluggish " does n't begin to do justice to the way Jackson has padded out his narrative . But there 's worse , far worse , for anyone tempted to check out the movie in its 3-D , 48 frames per second incarnation  showcased in approximately 450 premium screens across North America  . The theory behind this cutting edge technology -- which doubles the 24 fps that has been standard in movies since the silent era -- is that the faster frame rate allows more luminescence , counterbalancing the loss incurred in 3-D . It 's clearer , brighter and more immersive -- in theory . In practice , it 's clearer , brighter , and utterly alienating . I have n't seen the movie screened at 24 fps , but at 48 , the grain of film has been replaced by the gloss of high definition video , which gives everything and everyone a fake , plastic sheen . "  An Unexpected Journey " may look sharp in TV showrooms or on your PS3 , but in the movie theater the picture 's clarity comes at the loss of texture , shading and consistency . Shifts from exteriors to dark interiors are especially jarring . Look also at the dull , flat orange taint that is meant to approximate candle light in numerous scenes , and compare that with the glow you find in "  Barry Lyndon , " or "  Fanny and Alexander , " or your own birthday snaps . Did Jackson embrace 48 fps to keep himself interested , because he knew he was retreading old ground ? Is he really blind to the limitations of this technology at this stage of its evolution ? I wo n't say it has no future , but for now this emperor has no clothes . It 's a colossal misjudgment . He 's put his name to the ugliest film of the year , a $ 270 million three-hour epic that looks like a TV show  "  Teletubbies " was the first to pop into my head , and "  Doctor Who " was the most flattering comparison I could come up with . In fairness , there are redeeming features : The movie does sputter into life in the last 45 minutes , especially during a lengthy battle of wits between Bilbo and Gollum . And Ian McKellen miraculously , alone among the cast , transcends the picture 's artificial surface and imposes himself on such drama as he can find . In my book that 's not enough return for three hours at the movies , or whatever inflated price they 're charging for your ticket now .	"  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey " is the first in a trilogy adapted from Tolkien 's first novel The film is just shy of three hours and takes the story up to chapter seven Critic says new technology displayed in the film does not serve it well
A fight has broken out between two of the most prominent members of the Republican Party : Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul . In an op-ed for Breitbart News , Paul took a shot at Cruz , without actually naming him , when he wrote , "  I will remind anyone who thinks we will win elections by trashing previous Republican nominees or holding oneself out as some paragon in the mold of Reagan , that splintering the party is not the route to victory . " This was just one more flash point in the ongoing tension that has characterized their relationship . The back-and-forth has captured considerable attention since both men have been discussed as possible contenders for the Republican nomination in 2016 . Each is seen as representing a different faction of the Republican right : Cruz the take-no-prisoners , slash-and-burn conservatives who will do just about anything to obtain their objectives and Paul the libertarian voice pushing back against all forms of government . If Cruz and Paul turn out to be the major spokespersons for the debate about where the Republican Party should go , then the party is going to be in some big trouble . Cruz represents an extremist wing of the GOP that ca n't seem to govern . Since the emergence of the tea party in 2009 , the Republican Party has been shaped by a group of politicians who have been willing to employ extraordinarily aggressive tactics in the pursuit of cuts to domestic spending . Nobody has symbolized this style of leadership more than Cruz . He led the drumbeat to shut down the federal government to force President Obama 's hand on spending and has favored the Republican refusal to raise the debt ceiling . Cruz has also been a master of the filibuster , employing variations of the tactic to bring the Senate to a standstill . This image of obstructionist governance might excite the most loyal activists in the party , but it is not a style conducive to presidential leadership and it is not a style that plays well at a national level . Republicans have suffered greatly in the polls as a result of these kinds of extremist tactics . One recent poll found that four out of five Americans do n't trust the Republican Party . "  That 's just about as bad as it gets , " noted MSNBC host , and Republican , Joe Scarborough . Many Americans question whether the Republicans can govern . A Cruz candidacy would perfectly set up a Hillary Clinton candidacy by allowing Democrats to emphasize her ability to get things done and make the political system work . Rand Paul represents a different problem : He is a politician whose rhetoric is totally at odds with the history of the GOP . Since the 1930s , libertarians have had trouble gaining traction within the party . The reality has been that most Republicans have embraced the federal government as a permanent part of national politics . In the area of national security , the party has been a driving force behind the expansion of the military establishment since the Cold War . While some Republicans like Paul might now rail against the surveillance tactics of the National Security Agency , the recent power of this agency was built on the foundation that Republicans built with the war on terrorism under President George W. Bush . Neither have Republicans been a true small government party in domestic policy . Studies have shown how federal spending has grown more dramatically under Republican presidents , including Ronald Reagan , than Democrats . Most Republicans have avoided cutting most of the big-ticket programs , such as Social Security or farm assistance , while pushing for an expansion of government in other areas , such as Medicare Prescription Drugs . Republican legislators have been as skillful at pork-barrel politics as anyone from the other side of the aisle . Though Paul may claim he will do things differently , Democrats could have a field day challenging the veracity of such claims given the weight of history that he faces . The weaknesses of both men -- Cruz in terms of his style and Paul in terms of his rhetoric -- point out how desperate the GOP is to find someone who can build a broad coalition , something that is essential for a presidential victory , particularly when Republicans will likely be facing a formidable candidate . The problems of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie have been a huge blow to the party , and there are not many alternatives at this point who are willing to run to replace a figure who , in terms of style of governance and rhetoric , would have a better chance of appealing to voters beyond the base . This is the reason former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush is getting so much buzz , as potentially the only other person who can fill this void . If Republicans ca n't find some alternative and the primaries revolve around the tension between Ted Cruz and Rand Paul , Democrats will be in excellent position to retain the White House in 2016 .	Sen. Rand Paul takes verbal shot at his potential 2016 rival Ted Cruz Julian Zelizer says if GOP faces a choice between the two for nomination , watch out He says many voters wo n't back party that 's extreme , obstructionist or libertarian Zelizer : Republicans hurt by Chris Christie 's woes , have to hope for Jeb Bush to run
CNN  -- A New Year 's Day shooting in which a subway police officer fired a deadly shot into the back of an unarmed man has the San Francisco Bay Area demanding answers as authorities appeal for patience . Oscar Grant , 22 , was killed January 1 in a shooting at a subway station in California 's Bay Area . Bay Area Rapid Transit spokesman Linton Johnson told CNN affiliate KTVU-TV in Oakland , California , that the officer is presumed innocent and described him as devastated . Attorney John Burris called the shooting "  unconscionable " and said he filed a $ 25 million claim with BART on Tuesday , alleging wrongful death and violation of civil rights by use of excessive force . BART has 45 days to respond , Burris said . "  It 's a clear shooting in the back that should not have taken place , " Burris said , characterizing the incident as a case of "  overagressiveness by police . " KTVU obtained at least two videos of the incident and its prelude . One video , which KTVU reported came from a train passenger who wished not to be identified , shows three young men against a wall in the crowded Fruitvale station . Karina Vargas , who also provided a video to KTVU , said the men had been pulled from the train car in front of hers . Watch the events preceding the shooting " Burris said Tuesday that the young men had been celebrating the new year at a popular waterfront tourist spot , The Embarcadero . They were heading home when police pulled them from the train car . Some of the young men were handcuffed , but not 22-year-old Oscar Grant . The video from the anonymous passenger shows Grant seated on the floor with his back against the wall . Grant holds up his hands , appearing to plead with police . Burris said Tuesday that Grant was asking police not to use a Taser . "  He said to them , ` Do n't Tase me ; I have a 4-year-old daughter , ' " Burris said . The interaction on the video is not audible . Seconds later , police put Grant face-down on the ground . Grant appears to struggle . One of the officers kneels on Grant as another officer stands up , tugs at his gun , unholsters it and fires a shot into Grant 's back . Burris said the bullet went through Grant 's back and then ricocheted off the floor and through his lungs . Grant , who has a 4-year-old daughter , died seven hours later , KTVU reported . "  I could n't believe it . We was already following directions and everything , and they shot him , " Fernando Anicete , one of the young men with Grant , told KTVU . Burris has spoken to witnesses who claim that Grant was trying to resolve the situation . "  He had been telling people to calm down . ` Be cool . Just do what they tell you to do , ' " the attorney said . Johnson said the video provided to KTVU is inconclusive . There are two surveillance cameras at the Fruitvale station , but a BART official told CNN that no video is being released at this time . The community is outraged , according to local media . CNN affiliate KRON-TV in San Francisco reported that about 20 people rallied Monday outside BART 's district headquarters in Oakland . "  A 22-year-old unarmed father was executed and assassinated , and BART expects us to swallow that the shooting may have been an accident , " protest organizer Evan Shamar of Oakland shouted through a bullhorn , according to KRON . BART says an investigation is ongoing and has n't reached any conclusions . The San Francisco Chronicle published an editorial Tuesday demanding answers as well . "  The BART police say that they are taking the investigation very seriously , but they had better find a way to reach out to the public effectively about what is going on and why . Otherwise , public outrage over this case is going to grow exponentially with every passing day , " the newspaper said . BART Police Chief Gary Gee released a statement this week expressing condolences for Grant 's family and saying the authority is cooperating with the Alameda County district attorney 's office , which is also investigating . Gee added that BART will complete an "  unbiased and thorough investigation " and asked the public to be patient . "  As frustrating as it is , I want to stress that we can not and will not jeopardize this case by discussing details before the investigation is complete , " Gee said . Gee provided minor details of what preceded the shooting : BART police received a report that two groups of passengers were involved in an altercation as their train left the West Oakland Station about 2 a.m. "  BART police officers responded to the platform at Fruitvale and detained several persons , " Gee said in his statement . BART has not identified the officer , saying only that he has been on the force two years . He has undergone drug and alcohol testing and is on administrative leave , both of which are standard procedure , according to BART . The officer has yet to make a public statement . Johnson and Gee say they are refraining from releasing further details to avoid compromising the investigation . Johnson further told KTVU that BART wanted to avoid "  polluting the potential pool of witnesses . " Burris , however , said there is no excuse for the use of force on a man being restrained by police . If BART does not grant his $ 25 million claim or if the authority fails to respond in 45 days , Burris intends to file a lawsuit , he said . Burris , who served as Rodney King 's co-counsel in King 's civil case against the Los Angeles Police Department , said he also wants criminal charges filed against the officer . He is pushing the Alameda County District Attorney Tom Orloff to press second-degree murder or involuntary manslaughter charges , he said . Second-degree murder charges would be warranted if the officer shot Grant in the back when Grant posed no danger , Burris said . However , there are reports speculating that the officer accidentally shot Grant , in which case involuntary manslaughter charges would be appropriate , Burris said . "  No one wants to believe a cop would just kill somebody like that , " he said . "  My view is , this is criminal conduct , period . " Johnson told KTVU that authorities are trying to determine whether the officer who shot Grant accidentally drew his gun instead of his Taser . He also said authorities still need to speak to all the officers but that the BART officers involved in the incident felt outnumbered and called the Oakland Police Department for backup . iReport.com : ` I 'm not happy with the state of the police ' "  We need to take our time and go through this thoroughly and try to figure everything out . There 's more to this story than this one angle , " Johnson told the station . Asked whether there were developments Tuesday , Johnson said he had none . Thomas Blalock , president of BART 's board of directors , has urged the public not to jump to conclusions . "  Let 's get the puzzle put together , and then we 'll come to a conclusion , " Blalock told KTVU . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Augie Martin and Randi Kaye contributed to this report .	Attorney files $ 25 million claim , calls shooting "  unconscionable " Video shows officer shoot Oscar Grant in back as another officer kneels on him BART : Video inconclusive , vows to conduct "  thorough , unbiased investigation " Witness tells KTVU : "  We was already following directions ... and they shot him "
Editor 's note : This story was originally published on CNN in August 2013 . We 're bringing it back so you can protect yourself at the pool and beach this summer . Happy "  Do n't Fry Day ! " Health.com  -- Unless you 've been living under a rock , you know to apply sunscreen . There 's lifesaving reason to : About 3.5 million cases of skin cancer will be diagnosed this year . "  The incidence of skin cancer , including melanoma -- the deadliest kind -- is going up , and wearing sunscreen is one of the best ways to prevent it , " says Dr. Ronald Moy , a dermatologist and spokesperson for the Skin Cancer Foundation . Stick with these smart tips to make sure you 're as protected as you can possibly be . Select a sunscreen you love Finding your sunscreen soul-mate is the key motivating factor for using it regularly , experts agree . "  If you think your sunscreen is pasty , thick or smelly , you have the wrong kind , " says Dr. Jeffrey Dover , clinical associate professor of dermatology at Yale University . "  It may make you less likely to put it on , or to reapply when you do . " Happily , there are plenty of lightweight , sheer formulas on the market . Health.com : Which sunscreen is best for you ? Remember , SPF 30 is the new 15 As a general rule , SPF 15 blocks 93 % of UVB rays , SPF 30 blocks 97 % and SPF 50 blocks 98 % . Doctors now typically recommend at least SPF 30 -- at least being the key words . If you have a family history of skin cancer or are vacationing in a tropical spot  where the sun is especially intense  , go for 50 or even 70 . Just keep in mind : No sunscreen provides 100 % protection . So to be safe as possible , you still need to reapply every two hours and after a swim , even if you used the water-resistant kind , says Dr. Joshua Zeichner , director of cosmetic and clinical research in dermatology at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City . FYI , sunscreen becomes less effective about three years after you open the container . Health.com : Is it a mole ... or skin cancer ? Check labels for the term broad-spectrum It means the sunscreen provides protection against both UVA  wrinkle - and cancer-causing  and UVB  burning  rays . Problem is , that labeling rule only went into effect in December and stores still sell inventory made prior to it , notes Dr. Steven Wang , director of dermatologic surgery and dermatology at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Basking Ridge , New Jersey . So if you 're shopping and there 's no broad-spectrum mention , check the ingredients for zinc or avobenzone , the only two that provide top-notch UVA coverage , he says . Health.com : 7 ways you 're aging your skin Layer it on Think you apply enough ? Almost no one does . "  Several big studies show that most people rub in only about a fourth of what 's needed to reach the labeled SPF -- it 's faster and easier to put on just a bit , " notes Dover . Instead of that old advice to use a shot glass-size dose , all our experts recommend applying two coats . Squeeze a line of lotion down your arms and legs and rub in , then do it again . Ditto for spray formulas : hold the nozzle close to your skin and spray , moving slowly up and down until you see a sheen , then go back over the area . For your face , apply a pea-size drop to each cheek , your forehead and your chin , then smear in . Repeat ! Health.com : Sun-proof your skin from a to z Do n't forget your nose It 's the number one sunburn-spot , dermatologists say . "  People apply sunscreen to their face , but either skip or speed over their nose -- especially if they wear glasses , because they do n't want to take them off , " Wang says . Moy adds , "  80 % of the skin cancers I remove are on the nose . " Other commonly missed areas include the feet , hair part , ears and chest , as well as the backs of hands and legs . Use a sunscreen stick to spot-apply . Get antioxidant insurance Since rays can still get through sunscreen , companies are now including antioxidants such as vitamins C and E and green tea to help mitigate damage . If you do n't want to bother applying a serum that contains them beneath your moisturizer or sunscreen  Wang 's first choice  , try a souped-up SPF pick . Realize that sunscreen is only one part of a sun-smart plan "  The hierarchy of sun protection should be avoidance first , then seek shade and wear a wide-brim hat and protective clothing , then use sunscreen -- but most people have that sequence backward , " Wang points out . Consider hitting the beach or pool in the morning instead of midday  when sun is strongest  , and bring an umbrella and a tightly woven long-sleeve shirt . Know that it 's never too late to start safe habits So you baked in the sun as a teen with little or no sunscreen . While regular tanning or getting several bad burns when you 're young raises your risk of skin cancer , Moy says , what 's critical is that you put on sunscreen these days . "  Since skin 's ability to repair itself decreases with age , your risk is even greater if you burn now . " Good thing you 're using it ! Photos : Your worst sunburns ever Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Wearing sunscreen is one of the best ways to prevent melanoma No sunscreen provides 100 % protection so reapply every two hours SPF 15 blocks 93 % of UVB rays , SPF 30 blocks 97 % About 3.5 million cases of skin cancer will be diagnosed this year
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Ernie Casillas lived the good life as he doled out millions of dollars in loans in California . The former banker drove fancy cars and took extravagant vacations . Ernie Casillas says that being unemployed has grounded him from his high-flying days in the banking sector . But with the banking industry in crisis , his job is gone -- as is his lavish lifestyle . Desperate for work , he recently swallowed his pride and posted a message on Craigslist : "  Unemployed I need a job . " "  It took a lot for me to put that ad on Craigslist , because I had to change what I was before , " he said , breaking down in tears . "  I was n't this rich little yuppie anymore , driving expensive cars , having expensive suits . I 'm in this just like everybody else looking for work . It humbles you . This is real . " Casillas , 46 , is like tens of thousands of out-of-work Americans turning to Craigslist , the online classified ad Web site where people can post information for free . The site says it has 50 million users , most of them in the United States . More than 2 million new jobs are posted each month , according to Craigslist . See a snapshot of facts , attitudes and analysis on the recession " Many have begun posting messages of desperation seeking work . Some post their résumé and phone number ; others swap goods online . iReport : Tell us how you 're getting by Casillas said it was a humbling experience to finally post his message on the site . Once responsible for bringing in $ 400,000 in cash per month for a credit union , he has been out of work for the past four months and now lives with his mother in suburban Los Angeles . He had tried newspaper ads and other online job sites , with no great success . Then one night , he posted a simple message on Craigslist . Watch as jobless search for work , food , clothes on the Internet " "  I have over 20 years of experience in sales , telephone sales in a call center , customer service , administrative assistant , cash handling , teller , and many more skills and abilities . Great personality , very friendly , hard worker , very responsible , " it said . "  I will be happy to e-mail you my resume . I need a job now . Please call my cell phone . " Watch a humbled banker describe "  this is real " " Casillas said he teared up when he first began typing the message -- that his life had come unraveled so hard and so fast . But ultimately , he said , he decided , "  I 'm just going to put it out there . I 'm not going to be embarrassed . I 'm just going to tell the whole world : I 'm unemployed , and I need a job today . And the response was great . " "  My phone kept ringing and ringing and ringing with people interested in my ability to think outside the box , " he said , adding that he now has three good leads on potential jobs . Need a job ? See job fairs in your region " The whole experience has given him a dose of humility . He is a self-described former yuppie going through turbulent times . When he sees homeless people these days , he wants to help them . The son of a Mexican immigrant , Casillas says , he was successful , making about $ 70,000 a year in the banking industry . Adding to his hard times , he and his wife have recently separated . How good were things just a few years ago ? "  I was just living a very good life , " he said . "  My daughter would ask me to take her to Las Vegas for her birthday , and we would stay at the most expensive hotels . Every year , this is what she wanted . " His daughter is now 11 . He takes her to the mall every now and then . They do n't buy anything on the trips , he says . He tells her , maybe next time . He says that living with his 75-year-old mother has helped ground him again . "  She has brought me down to Earth , being very humble . " Across town , in the coastal community of Redondo Beach , Craigslist and the down economy have brought together two strangers . Jill Gardner has been unemployed after being laid off from her job at a refinery in June . She 's now trying to get into the hospitality field , but with her cash running low , she could n't afford new clothes for job interviews . So she posted a message for clothes . "  I just decided to swallow my pride and try it and see what happens , " she said . "  It 's not easy , because I 've never had to ask for things like that before , and it 's hard not to provide for myself . " She said some creepy men called saying they would buy her clothes for "  favors . " However , two women responded with genuine help . One of those was Bonny Sue Robbins , a paralegal who brought Gardner an array of business suits , cocktail dresses and summer clothes . "  I felt that I owed it to another sister to help her on her way . I also was struck by the positiveness of her request . It was n't just ` give me , give me . ' It was ` help me help myself , ' and I thought that was worth rewarding , " Robbins said shortly after handing over the goods . Robbins said that a few years back , she went through a tough divorce . "  I was lucky that there were people there when I needed it , and I feel it 's kind of my chance to pay back . " Both women hugged before parting . "  You 're an angel , " Gardner said . Robbins responded , "  We 'll keep in touch so that I can go out and celebrate when you get your new job . " "  Definitely . And I 'll buy ! " Gardner said . Back at her home , Gardner tried on one of her new business suits . "  I 'm very grateful , " she said . "  I 'm just going to go forward with my plan and get a job . " CNN 's Traci Tamura and Gregg Canes contributed to this report .	Former banker says unemployment has humbled him : "  This is real " Ernie Casillas turned to Craigslist , like many others , for possible employment "  I was n't this rich little yuppie anymore . ... I 'm in this just like everybody else " Jill Gardner sought business attire for interviews view the online classified Web site
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Cho Myung-chul remembers what it was like to vote in North Korea . "  They have a little piece of paper and a pencil right next to it . If you do n't like the candidate you can pick up the pencil and cross the name off , but the person who picks up the pencil will die . There is always someone watching outside and of course there is only one candidate . " The idea of a free election seemed impossible to Cho Myung-chul before he defected . But he is now hoping to become the first North Korean in the South Korean parliament . South Koreans head to polls on Wednesday He stands a fair chance of being elected , number four of 46 proportional representative candidates for the ruling Saenuri party . He asks CNN , "  Can you imagine the shock of all my former colleagues and school friends in North Korea if I get a place in the National Assembly ? " Cho was a professor in North Korea and was among the elite , meaning his life was far more bearable than others . He says that South Koreans do n't really know how dire life can be for many in the North and how bad the human rights situation is . "  They understand in an abstract sense that something is not right , but they do n't have actual knowledge of life there . " That is one reason he has entered politics , to help the conservative party form a better policy when dealing with Pyongyang . Cho describes the difficulties he found when first trying to assimilate into South Korean life . He found it very difficult to cope , saying , "  Living here I had to re-learn everything from the beginning . There was only one thing we had in common , the language and other than that , the gap was huge . " The Korean peninsula was split in 1953 when an armistice was signed after a bloody war . The two sides have never signed a peace agreement . South Korea has since grown to become Asia 's fourth largest economy whereas North Korea struggles to feed its own people , asking the international community for food and monetary aid . Cho acknowledges many defectors find it hard to adapt and says the government has to do more to help . "  There are around 23,000 North Korean defectors here now . These people are the pioneers of unification , they have to be able to settle here and succeed . If you ca n't reunify with this small group of people , you have no chance with 23 million people in North Korea . " Cho will find out Wednesday if his parliamentary election bid is successful as South Koreans head to the polls .	Cho Myung-chul hopes to become first North Korean in South Korean parliament Cho defected from the North and wants to help the South form a better Pyongyang policy South Koreans head to the polls on Wednesday for parliamentary elections
New York  CNN  -- It was a busy night for New York Yankees Manager Joe Girardi -- not only did he lead his team to the World Series championship , but on his way home , he also helped the victim of a car accident get out of harm 's way . According to Jason Zillo , spokesman for the Yankees , Girardi was heading home after his team 's World Series win and celebration Wednesday night when he spotted a car that had crashed along a busy , curving stretch of highway on the outskirts of New York near the suburb of New Rochelle . The car was jutting into traffic . Girardi immediately stopped to check on the driver and help her out of the car , Zillo said . "  He wanted to make sure that if someone was in the car they were OK , " Zillo said . "  And then he wanted to help her get away from a dangerous position in the highway . " Zillo said police officers arrived at the scene of the accident moments later . According to CNN affiliate WABC , the accident happened around 2:25 a.m. on the eastbound lanes of the Cross County Parkway at the Hutchinson River Parkway , when a woman lost control of her car along a long blind curve and crashed into a wall . Marie Henry , 27 , of Stratford , Connecticut , said Girardi sprinted across three lanes of traffic to come to her aid . "  She had no idea who I was , " Girardi said in a radio interview Thursday . A Westchester County police officer who arrived at the scene described Girardi in the good Samaritan role as "  totally surreal . " "  The guy wins the World Series , what does he do ? He stops to help , " Officer Kathleen Cristiano told local news Web site LoHud.com . The Westchester Police Department did not return calls from CNN . "  A lot of people know him as ` Joe Girardi , the manager of the New York Yankees , ' but Joe is someone who puts other people first , " Zillo said . "  The easy thing would have been for him to just drive by . But I think it shows a lot about his character . "	On way home from World Series win , Joe Girardi stops to help motorist Girardi comes upon wrecked car on highway outside New York He makes sure driver is safe , gets her out of harm 's way "  She had no idea who I was , " Girardi says in radio interview
CNN  -- Chaos and a lack of communication are common threads among American survivors ' stories of the Costa Concordia sinking , and making it to shore was only the beginning of a long ordeal for passengers trying to get home . Melissa Goduti of Wallingford , Connecticut , boarded the ship about three hours before it ran aground Friday night , killing at least 11 passengers . "  All of a sudden , the boat leaned over like on a 70-degree angle , and everything just started falling -- dishes were falling , trash cans were falling , everything was falling , " Goduti told CNN affiliate CTNow . "  Then the lights went out and everything was blacked , out and then the lights came back on . " Lynn Kaelin of Puyallup , Washington , told CNN affiliate KCPQ that it was "  like having the Titanic without the water gushing through . " "  I called my husband , not knowing if I 'd see him again , " she said . "  I thought we were going to die . " There were no announcements for a long time , and Goduti and her mother did n't see signs directing them toward lifeboats . "  We were running around trying to ask what floor the lifeboats were on , and all the crew kept saying is , ` you do n't need them , you 're fine , everything is fine , we just got hit by a big wave , ' " Goduti told CTNow . "  All they kept saying was it 's a generator issue , just a generator issue and that the boat was floating along and just needed to get stabilized , " she said . Nancy Lofaro of New Rochelle , New York , said the crew tried to do what they could , "  but when we asked them , they said they had no information . They just did n't have any information to give us . " Lofaro estimates the first announcement came 30 to 40 minutes after the ship ran aground . Goduti and her mother feel lucky they found a lifeboat . "  When our lifeboat dropped , it dropped . It was n't an easy letdown by any means , but at least we got into the water and were safe , which is a lot better than , unfortunately , some people , " she said . Costa staff in Lofaro 's lifeboat were debating who would drive the boat , and they did n't seem to know what to do , she said . Joan Fleser of Duanesburg , New York , seconds that opinion , calling the crew "  inexperienced and untrained . " In a letter to passengers , Costa Cruises CEO Pier Luigi Foschi disputes that assessment : "  The crew of the Costa Concordia acted bravely and swiftly in an extremely difficult situation and succeeded -- despite the terribly demanding conditions -- in evacuating more than 4,000 people in the shortest possible time : we are proud of our commitment and dedication to your safety . " He goes on to outline crew training , safety procedures and regulatory oversight . Survivors of the disaster say the scene on land was equally chaotic . Fleser said the lifeboat ride to the Tuscan island of Giglio was the last she saw of Costa Cruises employees until she , her husband and daughter reached a hotel in Rome on Saturday . The people of the island came out in force to help the stranded travelers , and a local priest opened up the church . Fleser and her family stayed at the home of a local family overnight . "  The people of the island were wonderful , " Fleser said . Nancy Lofaro and her husband wandered around on shore , finding a church , a local cafe and a small hotel all packed . "  There was no organization . There was nobody , and the staff was in shock as much as we were . There were no announcements . We saw Costa people ... walking around with a bullhorn , not using it , " Lofaro said . Fleser and her family were herded onto a ferry to the mainland the morning after the wreck , "  but we had no idea where we were going . " Triage doctors , members of the coast guard , the Red Cross and other volunteer organizations met the cruise passengers and took them to a local school , where more local services were provided . Her daughter received a pair of sneakers there because she was still wearing high heels from the night before , Fleser said . The family then boarded a bus to Rome , where they were dropped off at a hotel . "  The Marriott had no idea we were coming . All these refugee boat people land on their front door , and they say , ` Who are you ? But we 'll take care of you , ' " Fleser said . There were two Costa cruise representatives at the hotel , "  but every time we asked them if they could do something for us , they said they had no authority , " she said . The cruise line did pay for food , the hotel and their airfare home , Fleser said , although they booked them on a flight to Albany , Georgia , instead of Albany , New York -- a mistake the family discovered in the Atlanta airport . "  Oh my god , we were just ready to lose it at that point . " More than 1,100 Costa employees have been working to assist passengers and crew since Friday night , Foschi said in his letter to passengers . The CEO of Costa 's parent company , Carnival Corp. , pledged support to passengers : "  I give my personal assurance that we will take care of each and every one of our guests , crew and their families affected by this tragic event , " Micky Arison said in a statement . Before Fleser and her family could make the journey home , they needed new passports to replace those lost on the sinking ship . The U.S. Embassy 's response was a big disappointment , Fleser said . "  Other than getting our temporary passports , they gave us no assistance whatsoever . No food , no clothes , no money , no transportation . They told us to borrow some money , get a cab , come on down . " A hotel shuttle took Fleser and other Americans to the embassy , she said . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the agency arranged with the cruise line to have American passengers transported to a Rome hotel and to the embassy for documents . More than 100 emergency passports have been issued to stranded travelers . "  We also provided all kinds of advice , telephone contacts to families , helped families create travel funds , provided them with passport photos , warm clothes , there were even a couple of families that needed diapers , " she said during a State Department briefing Wednesday . Fleser and her family arrived home shortly after midnight Tuesday . They received a voicemail from Costa saying the family would be reimbursed for the cruise and articles lost on the ship , she said , but the message did n't offer details of how those amounts would be determined . In addition to arranging lodging , transportation and counseling for passengers , Costa will address possessions lost on board and is in the process of refunding cruise fares and costs incurred while on board , the company said in a statement .	U.S. passengers tell stories of "  inexperienced , untrained " crew Costa CEO : "  Crew of the Costa Concordia acted bravely and swiftly " New York woman disappointed in U.S. Embassy response Passengers to receive refunds , reimbursement for lost possessions
Havana  CNN  -- Cuba has stepped up efforts to douse speculation over the health of its former leader Fidel Castro by publishing an article under his name in state-run media in which he scoffs at recent rumors and those who circulated them . The article , published on the official website Cubadebate early Monday , is accompanied by photos of Castro , 86 , walking with a cane in a garden and looking at a copy of Granma , the state-run newspaper . "  I do n't even remember what a headache is , " Castro writes in the article , saying the photos are "  proof of what liars " those responsible for the rumors are . The article comes after a former Venezuelan vice president said Sunday that Castro was "  doing very well " and showed reporters a snapshot of the former Cuban leader that he said was taken the day before . Read more : Twitterer denies his account is source of Castro death rumor Speculation has surged over Castro 's health in recent weeks . He has not been seen publicly since March , when he met with Pope Benedict XVI during the pontiff 's visit to Cuba . In the article published early Monday , Castro cites the coverage of the Bay of Pigs attack and the Cuban missile crisis in the early 1960s as previous examples of misinformation by news media groups that are "  almost all in the hands of the privileged and rich . " He singled out for particular scorn a recent report by the Spanish newspaper ABC that cited a Venezuelan doctor as saying that Castro had had a stroke and was close to death . Elias Jaua , the former Venezuelan vice president , said Sunday he had discussed a variety of subjects with the former Cuban leader in a lengthy meeting . "  Comandante Fidel was kind enough to meet with us yesterday , " Jaua said . "  We talked for five hours about agriculture , history , international politics . " Cuba state media releases message from Fidel Castro The photograph , Jaua said , shows Castro and several members of his family in a van accompanying Jaua to the Havana hotel where he is staying . Employees at the Hotel Nacional said they spoke with Castro and he looked well . "  He had good color . ... He was happy , with a permanent smile on his face , and talking about a lot of things , " said Antonio Martinez , the director of the government-run hotel . Read more : Mariela Castro visits New York ; addresses gay rights issues On Wednesday , Cuban state media released the first communique said to be from the ex-leader since speculation over his health reached a fever pitch earlier this month . The message quoted Castro congratulating doctors graduating from a Cuban medical institute and mentioning the 50th anniversary of the Cuban missile crisis . Castro 's usually frequent newspaper columns and musings suddenly ended in June . But his silence after the re-election of close ally Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in October prompted many of his opponents to wonder whether Castro was again ailing or perhaps already dead . "  The comandante is well , following his daily routine , reading , exercising , " said Alex Castro , one of Castro 's sons , told Cuban state media after the reports of his ill health . Still , a barrage of postings on Twitter and other social media had Castro at death 's door . He said in the article Monday that he had stopped his newspaper writing because it was no longer his "  role to take up the pages of our press " when there were other issues requiring the nation 's attention . Castro never fully recovered after a surgery for a still unknown intestinal illness in 2006 . Two years later , his brother Raul Castro officially succeeded him . Read more : Cuba eases travel restrictions CNN 's Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	The article is accompanied by photos of Castro in a garden Venezuela 's former vice president says Castro "  is doing very well " Speculation has surged over Castro 's health in recent weeks
CNN  -- Charles Denton "  Tex " Watson , one of the chief participants in the Manson Family murders , will stay in prison at least another five years , the California Board of Parole Hearings announced Wednesday . Watson , 65 , was denied parole for the 16th time , the board said , and will not be considered again until 2016 . Watson was convicted of seven counts of murder and one count of conspiracy to commit murder in a two-day killing spree that occurred in Los Angeles in the summer of 1969 . Five people , including actress Sharon Tate , were killed at Tate 's residence the night of August 9 , 1969 , by Watson and fellow Manson Family members Susan Atkins and Patricia Krenwinkel . The following night , restaurant owner Leno La Bianca and his wife , Rosemary , were slain in their home by Watson , Atkins , Krenwinkel and Leslie Van Houten , accompanied this time by group leader Charles Manson . All five received the death penalty , but the sentences were commuted to life imprisonment after a California court decision abolished capital punishment . Watson has been housed at Mule Creek State Prison since 1993 , according to the parole board .	Charles Denton "  Tex " Watson was up for parole for the 16th time He was convicted in 1971 for his part in all seven Manson family murders His death sentence was commuted after a 1972 state court decision
CNN  -- They 're the generation that came of age in the 1950s and 1960s , that remembers Beatlemania and the Vietnam War , the assassinations of John F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King Jr. , transistor radios and the novelty of the first color TV sets . Or ... they experienced their formative years in the 1970s , forced to choose between punk and disco as the Watergate scandal unfolded , hard drug use exploded , and television sitcoms introduced untraditional households such as "  The Brady Bunch , " "  Three 's Company , " and "  Sanford and Son . " Numerous books , films and academic papers have been devoted to defining the impact of the 76 million people born between 1946 and 1964 , known as baby boomers , boomies or the bulge . Their sheer volume in the United States fueled an unprecedented population boom , from 141 million in 1946 to 311 million in 2010 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . The first wave of baby boomers is turning 65 this year , but the youngest are 47 . Defining the entire group is a risky endeavor , given its almost 20-year spread . But there 's one thing historians , economists and pop culture junkies agree on : Baby boomers ' numbers have allowed them to leave an imprint in each phase of life they passed through , a vast departure from their parents ' generation . Next , the boomer generation will change the way we think about retirement and aging , experts and analysts say , just as they transformed notions of relationships -- with delayed marriages , fewer children , more divorces -- and ideas about careers , with more women in the workplace and adult learning . American generations through the years "  Boomers are all about exploration and transformation . Many of them reject the idea of retirement that they saw firsthand with their parents , where you stop changing and growing and become a fixed entity , " said Ann Clurman of The Futures Company , which tracks consumer attitudes that forecast lifestyle and behaviors , and author of "  Generation Ageless : How Baby Boomers Are Changing the Way We Live Today . " "  Boomers have a hard time giving up control . For them , control is a fundamental right born out of basic entitlement -- they grew up in a time of unprecedented economic prosperity and a basic feeling that the struggle for survival was over . Many have never been in love with the idea of retirement , but at least they felt like it was an option they could control . But now because of the economy and the hit their portfolios took , they 're revamping their plans , and I do n't think most boomers know what they 're going to end up doing . " But the day is fast approaching for many . The boomers are the main reason for projections that the number of Americans 65 and older will reach 88.5 million by 2050 , more than double the estimated 40.2 million in that group in 2010 , according to a 2010 U.S. Census Report , "  The Next Four Decades . " By 2030 , when all of the boomers will be 65 or older , they will make up 19 % of the population , up from 13 % today . The aging of the baby boom will have wide-ranging implications for the country , raising challenges for policymakers and programs such as Social Security and Medicare , said Ron Lee , director of the Center on the Economics and Demography of Aging at the University of California , Berkeley . Baby boomers crowded classrooms and later , the labor force , boosting the economy and consumer spending while their taxes funded Social Security benefits and Medicare for the elderly . In 2010 , 60 % of the U.S. population was between 20 and 64 years old . By 2030 , as baby boomers age , the proportion in those working ages will drop to 55 % , according to "  The Next Four Decades . " Boomers are leaving the labor force at a time when health care costs are growing at a rate faster than productivity and per capita income growth , leaving a big gap , Lee said . The average annual expenditure on health care in 2004 for people ages 45 to 54 was $ 2,695 . When budgeting medical expenses , baby boomers should expect increased health care spending as they age ; for instance , those ages 55 to 64 spent $ 3,262 and those 65 and over spent $ 3,899 , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . "  There 's already a clear sense of what the situation is . We know that our social programs are not sustainable the way they 're currently structured , and benefits are going to have to be cut or taxes increased . But that does n't mean the public has absorbed that fact or believe it , so it 's difficult for politicians to do anything serious to come to grips with the problems , " Lee said . But that does n't necessarily mean the blame should be placed on the boomers , he said . Population aging is universal and inevitable -- the baby boomers merely postponed the day of reckoning . "  The problems we 're going to have are problems we would have had without the baby boomers . They just happen to be the generation that 's initiating them . The problem is real and serious but by no means catastrophic , " he said . The baby boomers will continue steering American culture as they age , too . They were the first generation of children and teenagers with significant spending power , economist Diane Macunovich of the University of Redlands said . That , combined with their numbers , fueled massive marketing campaigns and the introduction of new products targeted at their current stage of life , whether they were young families or looking toward retirement . "  Station wagons became the vogue in the 1950s in response to the needs of boomers ' parents . Those mutated into ` vans ' to accommodate ` Yuppie ' boomers in their thirties and forties and then into ` SUVs ' for boomers as empty nesters , many going through ` mid-life crisis , ' " Macunovich wrote in a 2000 paper , "  The Baby Boomers . " In this way , boomers essentially created the idea of pop culture and fed its symbiotic relationship with mass marketing and consumerism , said Gary West , a consultant who runs the website mrpopculture.com , a digest of the weekly zeitgeist back to 1950 . "  The buying power of that generation set pop culture in motion . If you look back into the '50s , you can see where teen buying power got bigger and bigger and created pop culture : younger-skewing movies and television , rock and roll , pop rock , what we call soul music , " he said . "  The baby boomers really started the pop culture trend and it had to do with buying power , and as we 've grown into the work force , we 've kept creating those trends . Who were the first to buy records , then CDs , then computers ? " Despite Bill Gates and Steve Jobs , the boomers ca n't take all the credit for the advent of the Internet age , but they 've been fast learners of how to leverage its benefits . University of Oklahoma history professor and History Channel resident historian Steve Gillon , who wrote the book "  Boomer Nation , " said technology will continue to play a big role in boomers ' retirement years . "  People with specific skills will use the Internet to take advantage of the breakup of hierarchies in the economy and remain involved in their fields , be it through consulting or using social media to find professional communities or networking groups , " Gillon said . "  Many boomers have a desire to stay involved and connected ; they 're not going to give in to the dictates of age and accept the older model . They 're going to find ways to stay socially , intellectually and physically active . "	Boomers are the reason for projections of 88.5 million Americans 65 and older by 2050 They 've redefined each stage of life ; retirement and aging will be no different Boomers will still affect pop culture as they age , too
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Environmentally friendly engineering is really right up Chicago 's alley -- in a city project called Green Alleys . Chicago workers resurface alleys with permeable concrete that cleans rainwater before it runs into Lake Michigan . The program aims to stop polluted rainwater in the city 's alleyways from ending up in adjacent Lake Michigan . Chicago 's 13,000 alleys , which allow rear access to buildings , date back to the 1800s . The 1,900 miles of back alleys ease access for garbage collection , loading and parking . They also make up about 3,500 acres of impermeable surface , which has created a big problem . Many of the alleys were built without connections to storm sewers . Rainwater puddles on the pavement and can run into buildings , sometimes flooding basements . "  We wanted to come up with a different way of solving that problem other than reconstructing , putting in a sewer system and adding water to our already full sewer system , " said Janet Attarian , sustainability coordinator with the Chicago Department of Transportation . So , the extreme alley makeover started with the pavement . The alleys are being resurfaced with concrete , asphalt or paving stones that are permeable -- that is , water runs through them like a sieve to the dirt beneath . Microbes that thrive on stuff like fertilizer and oil are seeded into the pavement or migrate there naturally . They cleanse the water of pollutants from cars and lawns . The cleaner water makes its way into the groundwater , called an aquifer , and then flows into Lake Michigan . That 's a big deal , Attarian explained , because the city takes about a billion gallons of water out of Lake Michigan every year . But only about 1 percent of that water finds its way back to the lake , Attarian said . "  So by infiltrating that aquifer , we have a chance to -LSB- give -RSB- some of that water back . " Additionally , green alleys feature pavement that 's high in albedo , or the ability to reflect light . The surface is lighter in color , reflecting more sunlight and absorbing less . "  It 's like putting on a white T-shirt instead of a black one on a hot summer day , " Attarian said . "  It cools the city off and reduces our carbon footprint . " Other features of the Green Alley program include the use of recycled materials in pavement and energy-efficient light fixtures that direct light downward to reduce light pollution . How green are those alleys ? Chicago has greened 40 of them , with 48 more scheduled to get the treatment this year .	Chicago covers alleys with special concrete that cleans polluted rain runoff Microbes in concrete eat pollutants such as fertilizer and oil Solution avoids having to rebuild city 's massive alley system Unique concrete also helps to keep city cooler on sunny days
CNN  -- Preeti Varma was inconsolable after seeing her pet cat crushed to death at Delhi 's Indira Gandhi International Airport as the creature was loaded onto a flight to Singapore . "  You see a crowd forming round her but she is given no medical aid and no one does anything , " Varma says of the March 23 incident . Her grief soon turned to rage among tens of thousands of online pet lovers worldwide . The day after Varma 's cat , James Dean , died , a friend published online an open letter to Jet Airways , the international airline that had been carrying the cat . The letter demanded a full explanation and apology from the privately owned Indian airline and blasted its "  insensitive " handling of the tragedy and pet travel procedures . The blog post spread quickly across social media sites and within 24 hours had 20,000 hits from across the world . Hundreds of furious animal lovers also unleashed Twitter fury at Jet Airways , forcing the airline to issue two public statements on Facebook . Varma , 26 , a brand strategist , paid Rs 4,500  US$ 83  to fly her rescued Indian street cat called James Dean on her flight . She got engaged last August and moved to Singapore six months ago to be with her fiancÃ © but left her pet with friends in New Delhi while she sorted out the paperwork and quarantine . After check-in , Varma was asked to remove James Dean from the cage so it could be X-rayed . The cat immediately escaped Varma 's grip and scuttled under the machine . Half an hour later Varma got her cat back inside the IATA-approved cage . She added an extra wire on top , double checked it was locked and handed her to the staff . But her biggest nightmare came while waiting at the gate to board her 8.55 a.m. flight . Jet Airways staff approached her and informed her : "  The cage is empty . The cat is no more . " Shocked , she broke down in tears and refused to board the flight demanding to see her one-year-old kitty . After having her Duty Free bottle of gin confiscated , she was escorted back to check-in where she was handed her beloved cat 's corpse in its cage . Jet Airways staff then tried to escort her out of the airport but she demanded to see the CCTV footage . After waiting for two hours , she watched in horror as footage showed her cat jumping out of a luggage trolley onto the tarmac and being run over by a trolley coming in the opposite direction . "  She squirms a bit and then dies . Three airline staff stand around and they motion to a garbage man to pick her , " Varma says , speaking from Singapore . " He picks her up with newspaper by the neck and drops her into the cage . " More than 300 people have since signed a petition calling for better training of Jet Airways staff on handling pets and better infrastructure for pet travel . A Jet Airways spokesperson tells CNN.com : "  On close inspection of the container , it was observed that the wire mesh in the front of the container was bent outwards and pushed out of the main frame . "  It is inferred that the pet forced itself out of the container by pushing the wire mesh and thereby creating a gap for it to come free . " Varma insists negligence by Jet Airways caused the death of her cat . "  I think either the cage was thrown so violently onto the trolley that it snapped open , or someone let her out . There is no way my cat could have pushed the cage open by herself , " she says . Varma now wants Jet Airways to apologize not just for the incident but the "  insensitive way " she claims she was treated , being left alone shaking and crying for hours . She also wants the airline to tell her what steps they are taking to improve pet travel safety . "  I do n't want any compensation . They should make a donation to an animal organization , " she adds . "  They should have a vet present at the airport and an animal handler to accompany the pet to the aircraft . " The Jet Airways spokesperson says the airline has embarked on a global review of other airport and airline procedures . The spokesperson said : "  We sincerely regret the accidental demise of James Dean , pet cat of Ms. Preeti Varma . All our staff are fully conversant and trained in the process of handling household pets and necessary infrastructure is available at the airports to deal with such movements of pets . "  If the actions of any members of our team came across as insensitive we would like to assure that this was unintentional and to apologize to Ms. Varma . " International Pet Travel Consultant Anupama Vinayak , who runs pet relocation service Furry Flyers in India , which flies 40-50 pets in and out of India each month , said she had never heard of an incident like this . But she added : "  Pet travel is still in a very nascent stage in India . Airlines are trying to put their best foot forward but there still is a lot of room for improvement because India itself is not a very pet-friendly country , " she said .	Preeti Varma books to fly pet cat from New Delhi to Singapore The cat , named James Dean , escapes from cage and is hit by trolley Airline staff inform Varma , "  The cat is no more , " and confiscate her gin Friend posts Open Letter demanding apology from Jet Airways online which goes viral
CNN  Why stop now ? This must be the question Vladimir Putin is asking himself as he considers the latest European pleas for peace in Ukraine , to be discussed at a crisis summit in Minsk on Wednesday . Since invading and annexing Crimea almost one year ago , the Russian president has been running rings around the European Union , NATO and the Obama administration . It is not that Putin is particularly clever -- on the contrary , his behavior suggests he is paranoid , impulsive and insecure . But he has benefited from the greater weaknesses of his opponents . So as he considers his response to Europe 's ideas for a new cease-fire and a "  comprehensive settlement " in eastern Ukraine , what will Putin be thinking ? What does he know ? Putin knows , for a start , that the Europeans are divided and running scared . Only two EU countries -- Britain and France -- are military powers of any consequence -- but they have zero appetite for conflict , direct or indirect , with Russia . Francois Hollande , France 's weak and unpopular president , seems to be waving a white flag before hostilities have even commenced . "  If we do n't manage to find not just a compromise but a lasting peace agreement , we know perfectly well what the scenario will be . It has a name , it 's called war , " Hollande said after meeting Putin on Friday . For its part , the British government splutters impotently on the sidelines . As usual , it is waiting for Washington to tell it what to do . But with a difficult national election due in May , Prime Minister David Cameron figures there are no votes in Ukraine . Eastern European countries , with bitter memories of Soviet hegemony and long , porous borders to protect , want a tougher line . Poland feels particularly vulnerable  just look at the map  . So , too , do the much-bullied Baltic states , Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania . But these countries know there is little point relying on help from Brussels , home of the EU 's bureaucracy . Limited economic and financial sanctions on Russia will expire this summer unless all 28 EU governments agree to extend them . Greece , maneuvering for debt relief , is flirting treacherously with Moscow . Recession-hit economies such as Italy seem to believe business as normal with Russia trumps calls for solidarity over Ukraine . All of which leaves Germany , the EU 's paymaster , largest economy , and Russia 's biggest European trade partner . Angela Merkel , German chancellor , has taken the lead since the Ukraine crisis erupted . Somebody had to . And she has been widely praised for her role . This is puzzling because , despite numerous one-on-one conversations with Putin , Merkel has achieved nothing . Seen one way , her diplomacy has provided cover for ongoing Russian depredations . Last September 's Minsk cease-fire agreement was ignored from day one . Merkel 's day-trip to Moscow last Friday , with lightweight Hollande in tow , was no bold bid for peace . It was an act of desperation -- and Putin undoubtedly knew it . Speaking at the Munich security conference , Merkel criticized Russia for failing to honor Minsk . But , she claimed , it was still worth trying to press Putin to do so . The main "  new " idea on the table seems to be a demilitarized zone embracing September 's cease-fire positions and the current front line . If implemented , it would require the Kiev government to concede control of yet more territory . By freezing the conflict in place , it would increase the chances of a permanent eastern secession . Here is a cautionary precedent : After the 1974 Turkish invasion of Cyprus , the island was split in two and a U.N.-patrolled buffer zone created . More than 40 years later , that "  temporary " dividing line still exists , as does the unrecognized "  state " calling itself the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus . But Merkel , like the leaders of most western and southern European countries , opposes tougher alternatives such arming President Petro Poroshenko 's out-gunned forces . Her tone in Munich , a location forever associated with appeasement , was flatly defeatist . "  I can not imagine any situation in which improved equipment for the Ukrainian army leads to President Putin being so impressed that he believes he will lose militarily , " she said . This seems to be the broad European view . Arming the Ukrainians would mean war with Russia , a war that Putin would win . And it is plain the Europeans will do just about anything to avoid that dread outcome . All this Putin knows , or has been told by his canny foreign minister , Sergei Lavrov , who greatly amused the Munich conference by insisting , absurdly , that there were no Russian troops or armor in eastern Ukraine . But what else does Putin know as he ponders Merkel 's plan to halt the hostilities ? Putin knows that the deep divisions within the EU over Ukraine are also present within NATO , an alliance with a roughly similar membership . Putin knows that NATO 's leading power , the United States , did not react militarily when Russia sent its tanks into Georgia in 2008 and subsequently encouraged breakaway separatists in Abkhazia and South Ossetia to declare independence from Tbilisi . Putin knows NATO was similarly passive when he took over Crimea by stealth one year ago this month . While Ukraine is not in NATO , this startling violation of international law raised a bigger , potentially embarrassing question : what would NATO do if one of its member states was next ? NATO answers that in such circumstances it would invoke Article 5 of its founding treaty , which states : "  The parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in Europe or North America shall be considered an attack against them all . " But this valiant concept of collective defense has never really been tested . Article 5 has only been invoked once , after the 9/11 attacks . And al Qaeda , luckily , did not have thermonuclear weapons . Would the U.S. really go to war with Russia to rescue , say , Estonia or Norway ? Putin does not know the answer to this question , but neither , if they are truthful , do NATO 's political masters . What Putin does know , or thinks he knows , is that , given Barack Obama 's attempts to wind up overseas conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan and his reluctance to get involved in new ones such as Syria , the U.S. President will be loath to confront Russia militarily in Ukraine in what could quickly become an uncontrollable , escalating proxy war . Pressure is growing from John McCain and others in Congress , egged on by jittery east Europeans , to supply arms to Kiev . Last week the administration deliberately leaked news that it was discussing this option to the New York Times . It was a classic pressure tactic . But so far , the only people who feel scared and pressured are the European allies . Putin has not blinked , while Kremlin spokesmen and propagandists say supplying U.S. arms would confirm their view that Russia is under attack by the West . Maybe a new peace pact will be agreed later this week in Minsk . Maybe it will even be made to stick , assuming Moscow can be trusted . Putin may decide to bank his winnings . On the other hand , if he does not like the deal , he can walk away . Putin knows he has the upper hand . So why stop now ?	Vladimir Putin considers his response to Europe 's ideas for a new cease-fire in Ukraine Since annexing Crimea , Putin has run rings around U.S. , European leaders , says Simon Tisdall Would the U.S. really go to war with Russia to rescue , say , Estonia or Norway , he asks
CNN  -- A trial examining the New York Police Department 's stop-and-frisk policy headed to a judge Monday after attorneys delivered their closing arguments after nine weeks of testimony . The federal class-action lawsuit claims that police officers routinely stop minority men , particularly black and Latino men , without legal reasons . The police department says that the policy -- in which police stop , question and frisk people they consider suspicious -- is used to deter crime . The practice has been widely criticized . The lead plaintiff in the case is David Floyd , a medical student who was stopped twice , once in the middle of the afternoon when he was in front of his home in the Bronx , according to the suit , which was filed in 2008 . Closing arguments Monday were marked by conflicting accounts of stop-and-frisk incidents . For example , while attorneys for the City of New York argued that one man was stopped because he appeared to be smoking marijuana , the plaintiffs ' attorneys argued that he was simply talking on a cell phone . The Center for Constitutional Rights , a nonprofit civil rights law practice , is arguing on behalf of the plaintiffs . Another man was reportedly stopped because he fit the description of a wanted man in a high-crime area with a recent string of burglaries , but the plaintiffs ' attorneys argued that he was more than a mile from where the burglaries occurred and that the last burglary in that area occurred more than 25 days earlier . NYPD officers say they had stop-and-frisk quotas Additionally , while city attorneys argued that many of those patted down gave their consent to the officers , the plaintiffs ' lawyers countered by saying that none of the 12 witnesses who were stopped ever felt free to leave . Both sides argued that the accounts of events had changed since depositions were first taken . The nine weeks of testimony included secret recordings from officers ; statements from 41 police officials and 12 witnesses ; and expert opinions from criminal investigators . Testimonies included emotional accounts from men who say police stopped them for no reason and from police officers who say quotas forced them to make unnecessary stops . In the recordings , which were played in court by the plaintiffs ' lawyers , supervising officers can be heard saying they want "  more 250s , " referring to the form that officers fill out when they conduct a stop , question and frisk . City attorneys say that officers operate within the law , going where the crime is , and that crime happens to be higher in minority neighborhoods . During closing arguments , they contended that 88 % of stops are justified and that there have been no legitimate indications of racial motivations . They argued that the plaintiffs ' accounts of stop-and-frisk incidents were "  woefully lacking in substantive evidence " and "  failed to show a single constitutional violation . " Rather than quotas , the attorneys claimed , the department used performance goals , which are legitimate management tools . "  We need to have performance goals to keep the city safe , " said city attorney Heidi Grossman . Though 12 witnesses testified regarding a total of 19 stop-and-frisk incidents , city attorneys pointed out that in seven of the 19 stops , the officers could not be identified . NYPD report : Most are minorities "  No real conclusions can be drawn when only half of the story is told , " said Grossman . The lawsuit seeks to reform stop-and-frisk under the supervision of a court-appointed monitor . During their closing statements , the plaintiffs ' attorneys argued that "  the NYPD believes that race is a proxy for reasonable suspicion . " According to plaintiffs ' attorneys , the lawsuit is not about ending stop-and-frisk but examining how the police department conducts those stops and whether it stops blacks and Latinos in violation of the Constitution . Plaintiffs ' attorney Gretchen Hoff Varner told the court that over the past eight years , blacks and Latinos constituted 85 % of the people stopped , though 90 % of those stopped were neither arrested nor given a court summons . Only 1 % resulted in the recovery of a weapon and 0.14 % resulted in the recovery of a gun . "  Clearly the NYPD is n't stopping the right people to get guns off the street , " Hoff Varner said . However , Grossman noted that reasonable suspicion can still occur even if no gun is found . Plaintiffs ' attorneys maintained that police officers feel pressure to stop and frisk to meet supervisor demands , which consequently results in the unlawful and unjustified stopping of New York City residents . "  They stopped first and invented reasons later , " Hoff Varner said . According to the New York Civil Liberties Union , the police department logged its 5 millionth stop-and-frisk under Mayor Michael Bloomberg in March . Attorneys will be given approximately three weeks to submit any additional paperwork . U.S. District Judge Shira A. Scheindlin did not specify when she expected to reach a decision , except that it would be "  prompt . " Changed outlined NYPD 's ` stop , question , frisk ' policy CNN 's Marina Carver contributed to this report .	Federal trial testing NYPD 's "  stop-and-frisk " policy hears closing arguments Plaintiffs say the policy fell disproportionately on black and Latino men The city says the policy helps to deter crime and is not racially biased The U.S. district judge says her decision will be "  prompt "
CNN  -- When Dallas nurse Nina Pham left hospital after treatment for Ebola last week , all she wanted to do was hug her dog . She 'll get a chance to do that Saturday , when she 's reunited with Bentley , her beloved King Charles Spaniel . The puppy got a third negative test for Ebola , and the two are meeting after his 21-day quarantine -- the incubation period for the deadly virus . "  All three samples came back negative today , " said Sana Syed , the Dallas city spokeswoman . "  We 're planning the big reunion for Saturday -- Nina is ready ! " Pham was released from the National Institutes of Health in Maryland after undergoing treatment for the virus . She contracted it while caring for Thomas Eric Duncan , the first patient diagnosed in the United States . He died on October 8 . Bentley captured hearts nationwide during news coverage of Pham , which included a picture of him nuzzling her in a car . The small spaniel is classified as a toy dog by the American Kennel Club , and is called a Blenheim Cavalier because of chestnut markings on a white coat . "  He 's such a joy , you ca n't help but love this little guy , " said Dr. Cate McManus , operations manager of Dallas Animal Services . " I ca n't wait to see him on talk shows when he 's all healthy and out of here . " But it 's not been all stool and urine tests for the pooch . In addition to chasing after balls in his quarantine space , Bentley gets visits three times a day from caretakers in hazmat suits .	Bentley gets a third negative test for Ebola The two will be reunited after his 21-day quarantine "  He 's such a joy , you ca n't help but love this little guy , " caretaker says
CNN  -- The church bus involved in a deadly three-vehicle collision in eastern Tennessee was carrying a group of seniors on their way back home from a religious conference . The group was called "  Young at Heart , " said Rick Cruz , the pastor of the Front Street Baptist in North Carolina . They were returning home from the 17th annual Fall Jubilee conference in Gatlinburg after three days of preaching and singing . "  We do know that there were several that went on to be with the Lord , " Cruz told his congregants Wednesday night . Indiana bus crash kills pastor , pregnant wife , chaperone on teen trip Authorities are expected to release more information Thursday . But this is what they know so far : The Wednesday crash may have been caused when the bus blew a front tire , crossed a grassy median of Interstate 40 , clipped an SUV and collided with a tractor-trailer . Eight people were killed : Six on the eastbound bus ; one of three occupants of the SUV , and the tractor-trailer driver , the Tennessee Highway Patrol said in a statement . "  We hope and pray that there will be no more , " Sgt. Bill Miller told reporters Wednesday evening . Fourteen others were injured , some critically , authorities said . Opinion : Is our suffering God 's will ? The wreck occurred about 2 p.m. in Jefferson County , about 40 miles east of Knoxville , said Tennessee Department of Safety spokeswoman People started to gather at Front Street Baptist in North Carolina as soon as they heard the news , CNN affiliate WBTV reported . "  I 'm in a state of shock , " Jerry Wright told the affiliate . Front Street Baptist , on its Facebook page , thanked people Wednesday evening for their prayers . "  We know that God is in control and we need His comfort and peace , " it said . Girls injured when school bus overturns in Kansas Six dead after bus , train collide in Ottawa	Eight fatalities are reported ; 14 are injured Bus carried senior adult church members Bus was heading from Gatlinburg , Tennessee , to North Carolina It apparently crossed median and struck a semi and a car
CNN  -- Singer Nelly Furtado is trying to cross over in a direction many artists do n't ordinarily take . Singer Nelly Furtado says she enjoys diversity in music and broadening her fan base . With "  Mi Plan , " the Grammy Award-winning singer is taping into a brand new market and fan base , almost a decade after she came to fame in 2000 with the single "  I 'm Like a Bird . " While the Canadian-born singer -- whose parents are Portuguese -- has sung in Spanish before , "  Mi Plan " is the first time she has recorded an entire album in Spanish , a language she said she learned as a teen . It 's seems like a natural progression for Furtado , an artist often noted for diversity in her sound . A few years after her breakthrough , Furtado teamed up with superproducer Timbaland for her 2006 album "  Loose , " a collaboration that gained her scores of hip-hop and R&B fans as well , and spawned hits such as "  Promiscuous " and "  Say It Right . " "  Mi Plan " pairs her with a few Spanish-language music artists , including Alex Cuba , Juan Luis Guerra , Julieta Venegas and La Mala Rodriguez , as well as English-language artist Josh Groban . The first single off the album , "  Manos Al Aire , " made history as it marked the first time a North American artist reached No. 1 on Billboard 's Hot Latin Songs chart with a song that was originally written in Spanish , rather than a translated version of an English-language song . Furtado spoke with CNN about her passion for Spanish , why she feels like an artist reborn and the career path she hopes to take . CNN : What was the inspiration for the new album ? Nelly Furtado : There were so many inspirations . The language was the biggest inspiration . I 've sang so much in Spanish in the past , and also Portuguese . I get a lot of joy in singing in Latin languages . It expresses the Latin side of me . Watch Furtado talk about her new album " My parents were born in Portugal and they raised us in Canada . We grew up speaking Portuguese and then I learned Spanish at the age of 14 . I love being a multicultural artist , I love being a global artist . -LSB- The album -RSB- is almost like a literal reflection of that this time in the fact that it 's all in Spanish and it 's a completely original project written from scratch . CNN : So it 's all new ? Furtado : Yes . It feels like a rebirth of sorts . It 's almost like a parallel world where I get to reinvent myself again as an artist , but in a very whole kind of way . It 's been a lot of fun . CNN : You have such a loyal fan base . What do you hope they get from your latest project ? Furtado : Just because I have collaborated with so many different people with so many different styles of music that I think my sort of goal or mantra my whole career has been to broaden the minds of my fan base . This album is just an extension of that . I 'm an inclusive person and everyone is invited to the fiesta . I 'm excited because I am meeting brand new fans for the first time who do n't have any of my prior albums . Four albums in , it 's a tough job to try to attract new fans and I think that 's what I am doing with this new music . CNN : Did you consider it risky to do a Spanish-language album ? Furtado : I like to take risks . I live for risk taking and challenges . I just find it so much more exciting and it keeps my job entertaining and interesting . Everyone is looking for that next challenge at work . Everyone wants that extra credential on their business card . If it 's easy , it 's not fun . CNN : How is performing in Spanish different ? Furtado : When I express myself in Spanish or in Portuguese I feel very free . There are a lot of things you can say in a Spanish song that you ca n't say in an English song , especially from a feminine perspective . As a female , the moment you sing too passionately in English you are kind of labeled as an angry singer . In Spanish that does n't happen . You can be dramatic as you want and it 's accepted . So it 's liberating . CNN : There are a lot of Spanish-speaking artists who want to cross over into the English-language market . How does it feel to be doing the reverse ? Furtado : I think I 'm capitalizing a little bit on the inroads I have already made in the Latin world through working with other established Latin acts . I dabbled in Spanish on my third album . I had two records on there in Spanish and I really enjoyed writing them and playing them live . I 'm just going where my heart 's at and following the passions . CNN : What 's next for you ? Furtado : It 's interesting because when I got off the road from touring with my third album , "  Loose , " I was exhausted . I tried to write some songs in English and no inspiration really came to me . Then I started writing songs in Spanish and it started flowing , so this album has been like a medicine of sorts . I 'm so excited about music now . I ca n't wait to put out another project in English and further Spanish albums as well as Portuguese . The list is never-ending .	Nelly Furtado 's new album is sung completely in Spanish The singer worked with noted Latin artists on the project Furtado , whose parents are Portuguese , finds performing in Spanish "  liberating " First single made history on Billboard 's Hot Latin Songs chart
CNN  -- A fire broke out inside the reactor building at a nuclear power plant on France 's northern coast , but there were no injuries or release of radiation , French utility EDF reported Thursday . The cause of the blaze in Unit 2 of the Penly nuclear power plant , near the English Channel port of Dieppe , was still under investigation , EDF said . The fire was extinguished Thursday afternoon , and inspectors were inside the unit , the company said . The reactor shut down automatically when the fire broke out , and regional authorities were notified immediately , EDF said . Nuclear power provides more than three-quarters of France 's electricity . The two pressurized-water reactors at Penly , designed by the French nuclear company Areva , went online in the early 1990s .	The cause of the fire at the Penly nuclear plant is under investigation There was no release or radiation , and there were no injuries , the owner says The plant is on the English Channel coast in northern France
CNN  -- On Tuesday , the Supreme Court will confront the profound impact of new location-tracking technologies on Americans ' privacy . The case , U.S. v. Jones , presents the question of whether law enforcement needs a warrant before planting a GPS tracking device on a person 's car . The answer to this question is important in its own right , but the case is likely to have broader implications . Attaching a GPS to a car is n't the only way the government can track people 's movements . In fact , everyone with a cell phone is already carrying a device that the government can use to track his or her location . As a result , the principle at stake in this case may well shape our privacy rights in the years and decades to come . The police in the current case suspected Antoine Jones of drug violations and tracked his movements continuously for one month by installing a GPS device on his car . Increasingly , though , law enforcement agents are tracking our movements by tracking the cell phones that most people are already carrying around . It does n't matter whether your phone is a smartphone or whether you use it to make calls ; as long as your phone is turned on , it registers its location with cell phone networks several times a minute , and all U.S. cell phone companies hold on to that data , some of them for years . This kind of tracking is extremely invasive , because if the government knows where you are , it knows who you are . As the Jones appellate court explained in its ruling that the government violated the Fourth Amendment , "  A person who knows all of another 's travels can deduce whether he is a weekly churchgoer , a heavy drinker , a regular at the gym , an unfaithful husband , an outpatient receiving medical treatment , an associate of particular individuals or political groups -- and not just one such fact about a person , but all such facts . " Cell phone tracking can reveal our private associations and relationships with one another . The government could make note of whenever people being tracked crossed path or spent time together , showing who our friends , associates and lovers are . The Justice Department sometimes gets warrants to track location , and some local police departments make it a policy , which shows that it 's not an unworkable requirement . But state and federal judges across the country have made conflicting rulings on what standards are required for the government to obtain tracking information from cell phone companies . New technology provides the government with a powerful and inexpensive tool to follow individuals as they travel through both public and private areas . Unless the court concludes that such tracking requires a warrant , anyone 's movements could be subject to remote monitoring and permanent recording at the sole discretion of any curious police officer , without any judicial oversight . And while it may not be realistic to think that the government will install a GPS device on every car , it 's not at all implausible to think that the government will ask cell phone providers to turn over location-tracking information en masse -- and it may well be the case that the government is doing so already . It was revealed last month that the London police have a system that lets them track hundreds of phones in real time in a targeted geographic area , a technology that could easily enable the government to identify everyone at an Occupy protest , tea party rally or any other political gathering . The genius of the Constitution is that its limits on the government can still be applied in a modern world that the framers could scarcely have imagined . Anyone who values privacy should hope that the Court ensures the government can not use technological advances to undermine the liberties this country was founded on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Catherine Crump .	Should law enforcement need a warrant before planting a GPS tracking device on a car ? Yes , the Supreme Court ought to decide that they should , says Catherine Crump The principle at stake in a current case may well shape our privacy rights , she says All of us can already easily be tracked through our cell phones , Crump says
Suntech Power Holdings , which was until recently the world 's largest producer of solar panels , has said its main subsidiary in China is bankrupt , in a further stark illustration of the declining fortunes of the global solar industry . Suntech 's Wuxi subsidiary is the first big Chinese solar group to declare insolvency and the world 's biggest such bankruptcy , following a string of failed western solar companies including Q-Cells in Germany and Solyndra in the US . "  What the Suntech case shows us is that the Chinese companies are not too big to fail , " said Jenny Chase , head of solar analysis at Bloomberg New Energy Finance . "  We are entering a period of great difficulty for Chinese solar manufacturers . " China is the world 's biggest producer of solar panels , but the sector is suffering from overcapacity after rapid expansion fuelled by cheap loans and preferential government policies . US-listed Suntech was the posterchild of the country 's swift entry into , and then dominance of , the market . It announced on Wednesday that eight Chinese banks had filed a petition for insolvency and restructuring of Wuxi Suntech in a court in Jiangsu province . The bankruptcy is a milestone because , until now , China 's larger struggling solar companies have been kept afloat by cheap credit and indirect state support . Suntech defaulted last week on a $ 541m convertible bond issued by its Cayman Islands subsidiary , which triggered cross-defaults on other loans outstanding . According to the company 's most recent reports , Suntech 's net debt stood at $ 1.6 bn at the end of March 2012 . The case is set to be a big test of China 's new bankruptcy law , which came into effect in 2007 but has rarely been applied to overseas-listed companies with assets in China . It will be complicated by the fact that neither the US-listed entity , Suntech Power Holdings , nor any subsidiaries other than Wuxi are declaring insolvency . "  It 's going to be a test of what , exactly , do the US entities and the Cayman entities really own ? " said one Singapore-based analyst who asked not to be named . Under Chinese law , the courts will have six months to come up with a restructuring plan that is then presented to creditors , with the possibility of an additional three-month extension . Bankruptcy specialist Han Chuanhua , a partner at the Zhongzi Law Office in Beijing , said : "  It is rare for such a big company to get into bankruptcy proceedings , even though many companies can not pay off their debts . " He cited local government bailouts , and creditor reluctance , as two main reasons why insolvent Chinese companies avoid bankruptcy . The government of Wuxi , the city where Suntech is headquartered , has come to Suntech 's aid in the past -- and appears to be taking an even more active role in the company with the appointment earlier this week of a new president , Zhou Weiping , who previously worked for the government-backed Wuxi Guolian Development Co. . Mr Han said the co-ordinated action of the eight banks suggested the local government had given its blessing to the proceedings . "  Without government support , even if creditors file a petition , the court would n't accept it , " he explained . David King , Suntech 's chief executive , said : "  While we evaluate restructuring initiatives and strategic alternatives , we are committed to continuing to provide high-quality solar products to our global customer base . "	Suntech Power Holdings has said its main subsidiary in China is bankrupt Until recently Suntech was the world 's largest producer of solar panels Stark illustration of the declining fortunes of the global solar industry
CNN  -- Qatar , as diplomats say , likes to "  punch above its weight . " This arid peninsula in the Persian Gulf is smaller than Connecticut but played a leading role in helping Libyan rebels oust Moammar Gadhafi and has been at the heart of Arab League sanctions against Syria . It 's now facilitating talks on the Afghan conflict by allowing the Taliban to open a liaison office in its capital , Doha . Qatar is also home to the pan-Arab news channel Al Jazeera , a thorn in the side of many Arab regimes past and present . It is a major player in the energy industry , with vast reserves of natural gas , and -- perhaps in an effort to outflank Dubai as the playground of the Gulf -- is due to host the soccer World Cup in 2022 . It helps that the emirate is fabulously wealthy , with the highest per-capita gross domestic product in the world . It can fund ambitious initiatives -- to help fund the Palestinian Authority , for example , or provide cash and weapons to the Libyan rebels . Now it 's exploiting long-held ties with the Taliban to provide a platform between the group and the international community , and especially the United States . Will Taliban 's Qatar address change dynamics of Afghan conflict ? As far back as 2001 , before the group was ousted in Afghanistan , the Qataris hosted Taliban delegations . And in the past year , thanks to its hyperactive diplomacy under Prime Minister  and Foreign Minister  Hamid bin Jassim Al-Thani , the emirate has emerged as a regional power broker -- to the consternation of its larger neighbor , Saudi Arabia . Qatar 's growing dynamism within the Arab League has been most evident amid the unrest in Libya and Syria . It was one of two Arab states to play a role in enforcing the no-fly zone over Libya . And according to journalists in western Libya last spring , Qatari advisers were working with Libyan rebels in the Nafusa Mountains as well as supplying anti-tank missiles and other weaponry to rebel forces in the east . In November , Qatar forged a package of sanctions against the regime of Bashar al-Assad that was adopted by the Arab League , provoking an attack on its embassy in Damascus and the withdrawal of the Qatari ambassador . It lobbied other Arab states hard , telling them that effective Arab action was required to avoid "  foreign interference " in Syria . Qatar was also ready to use the power of the purse with Syria by canceling projects there . As part of intensive efforts to build a relationship with the United States , Qatar has allowed U.S. forces to use the al-Udeid air base for operations in Iraq , Afghanistan and Somalia . It also hosts the forward headquarters of the U.S. Central Command . Over the past 10 years , Qatar has also offered to be the go-between in Iran for successive U.S. administrations . According to a 2006 U.S. diplomatic cable , Foreign Minister Al-Thani told a U.S. official , with some pride : "  Qatar talks to Iran as an equal , and this is important . " The two countries are joined at the hip , as they share vast natural gas reserves under the Gulf . And it is a principle of Qatari diplomacy that it will cultivate groups that wo n't talk to each other -- Hamas and Iran as well as Washington . Qatar also offered to help the United States improve relations with Sunni tribal leaders in Iraq at the height of the insurgency there . The emir , Hamad Bin Khalifa Al-Thani , and his family drive Qatari policy and have proved themselves agile negotiators with a grasp of the intricacies of Middle East politics . U.S. diplomatic cables describe Qatari officials as well-prepared with a detailed understanding of the nuances of their complex neighborhood . The Arab Spring has worked in Qatar 's favor . One of the few states where no protests have occurred , it has taken advantage of Saudi caution and upheavals in Egypt and Syria to carve out an assertive regional role . But Qatar 's activism generates plenty of resentment . The populism of Al Jazeera has infuriated Arab regimes . The emir fends off complaints about Al Jazeera 's reporting , telling CNN 's Wolf Blitzer last year : "  Of course it 's not necessary I will agree with what Al Jazeera say . Actually , Jazeera caused for me a lot of problems . " Similarly , the Saudis are suspicious of Qatar 's open channel with Iran . President Ali Abdullah Saleh of Yemen put an end to Qatari efforts to mediate between his government and Huthi rebels . And President Hamid Karzai recalled the Afghan envoy in Doha in December because he 'd been kept in the dark about contacts with the Taliban . But the Al-Thanis are not afraid to ruffle feathers . In the diplomatic world , as one Gulf commentator observed , Qatar is proof that size is n't everything .	Qatar is allowing the Taliban to open a liaison office in its capital Gas-rich , Qatar has become a regional power broker It helped fund rebels who ousted Moammar Gadhafi Qatar has hosted Taliban delegations going back to 2001
CNN  -- At first glance , Sergei Baltacha does n't exactly look like a man of international sporting history . Tall , slim and stylishly dressed , the 56-year-old appears to have more in common with a graphic designer or university professor than a globally renowned footballer . But make no mistake -- this is a man who has represented the USSR at a World Cup and a European Championships before breaking through football 's Iron Curtain to become the first player from the Soviet Union to play for an English club . Baltacha , who hails from Ukraine  then part of the USSR and currently a country in political and social turmoil  , was a cultured , yet physically tough defender and sweeper who made 300 appearances for Dynamo Kiev and earned 49 caps for the Soviet Union . He eventually brought his steely Soviet style to English league side Ipswich Town , blazing a trail for the likes of Georgi Kinkladze , Dmitri Kharine and Andrei Arshavin in the process . "  It was interesting because it was 1988 and at that time it started to be the history of Gorbachov , " of glasnost and perestroika , Baltacha said of the circumstances that surrounded his signing for The Tractor Boys in 1988 . There was interest from "  some Italian clubs , some from Switzerland  but  first time when I heard about Ipswich I would n't choose any other team because for me English football is everything . " "  I left everything that we have over there  in the USSR  . When we got all the papers , passports , we flew and we started for two years to live here . " Pitching up near the Norfolk coast was a far cry from the regimented footballing education Baltacha received back home , however . Strategy and attitudes to sport were far more sophisticated in his homeland than in England where a hard-drinking culture was still prevalent amongst players at many leading football clubs . Early days Baltacha had learned at the feet of Valeriy Lobanovskyi after all , a Dynamo Kiev hero and one of the most vaunted footballing coaches of the 20th century . Lobanovskyi was famed for his scientific focus on conditioning and no little tactical nous . He was also one of the first coaches to harness the power of computer technology to track performance levels and simulate game scenarios . Athletic and intelligent , the young Baltacha had the raw materials to succeed in the rigorous Lobanovskyi program . He was spotted by the Dynamo boss while still a teenager at the Kharkiv academy of footballing excellence which he had left home to attend at the age of 13 . By 1976 an offer to turn professional was on the table from Kiev . Dynamo had won the European Cup Winners ' Cup one year previously , becoming the first club side from the USSR to lift a major continental trophy . The decision to accept was not a difficult one . "  I joined Dynamo Kiev and it was huge club , huge competition , and you play each game in front of 100,000 people . It 's something special , " Baltacha said of his time in the Ukrainian capital . "  Kiev was one of the best in Europe from the content of coaching , from facilities , its a premier ground , the analysis , the background of teams . " "  Even when I came  to England  after I played for Dynamo twelve years  later  , the clubs did not do that kind of work that we had at Kiev . " This meticulous approach was something that would filter its way into the USSR national team after Lobonovskyi took charge for two spells during the 1980s . "  Dynamo Kiev was the best side in Russia at the time .  We had  maybe 12 , 14 or 15 or sometimes even 17 people who represented national team , " Baltacha said . "  But  we would  still be very friendly with other players from other clubs . We had unity which I think maybe was a strength of ours .  We were  like brothers and it really helped us . " International stage This promising group of players would go on to star at the 1980 Olympics in Moscow , the 1982 World Cup in Spain and the European Championships in Germany six years later . The Soviets would reach the final of Euro 88 where they would lose to a Marco van Basten inspired Holland . For football geeks , the game played at Munich 's Olympic Stadium represented a heavyweight clash of footballing philosophies -- the scientific approach of Lobanovskyi against the "  total football " ideals of Dutch manager Rinus Michels . Lobanovskyi 's Soviet side had beaten Holland 1-0 in the group stages earlier in the tournament , but Michels would get his revenge in the final thanks to a goal from Ruud Gullit and a wonder volley from van Basten . Baltacha was injured for much of the tournament , however , and only managed to make an appearance in the final as a substitute after his side had gone 2-0 down . It is for this reason he holds fonder memories of the 1982 World Cup in Spain . Although the Soviets were knocked out in the second stage , Baltacha was a key player at the heart of the USSR defense . "  The  World Cup in Spain was like dream come true for me , " Baltacha said . "  I could not wait . I remember each game , like I could not sleep before game because you want to step up on football pitch . " "  You 're going to bed like maybe ten o'clock in evening and you 're thinking about game . You 're focusing . You 're thinking about what can be happening . You 're thinking and you 're so excited you look at clock and it 's  already  three o'clock morning , " he laughingly adds . Despite the Soviet 's early exit , Baltacha regards the '82 World Cup as one of his proudest moments . He even scored a rare goal in the group stages against New Zealand . "  A lot of players will play in World Cup as forwards who never score and I was  a  center defender and I scored this goal . It 's like a dream you know . This is the most memorable memory of all , it was fantastic . " Other favored memories of this tournament include playing against Brazilian legends of the game such as Socrates , Ã ‰ der and Zico . "  I will never forget  that  game against Brazil when we played in against Ã ‰ der and Zico . The two of them  scored  in the last ten minutes and we lost 2-1 , " he said . Foreign travels Baltacha began his British sojourn following his final international appearance in 1988 . After two seasons at Ipswich , he headed north of the border to Scotland , spending three years at St Johnstone before going on to manage Inverness Caledonian Thistle . Today , Baltacha spends his time coaching promising youngsters at English Championship side Charlton Athletic . Pitching up at such comparative footballing outposts was a far cry from his days at the pinnacle of European football but his family had settled in the UK . "  After ten years you realize kids grow up ... you realize you have your house here , your home here , your land here ... you are more than 15 years here and its how it happened ? " His son , Sergei Junior , was a promising footballer before injury curtailed his career . Daughter Elena , meanwhile , became a professional tennis player , reaching the number No. 1 ranking in Britain and breaking into the world 's top 50 . But tragedy struck earlier this year when she was diagnosed with liver cancer . Like her father , however , aggression in the face of adversity is a trait the now 30-year-old Elena has in spades . "  She was fighter during her days in sport and she is a fighter now , " he said . "  I would like to say thanks to everyone who is support  ing  us , sending message , emails , calling us to give us support or offer any advice or you know . " "  Most importantly we are all together , fighting all together . " Sage words from a man who made a sporting career out of just such a philosophy . See also : Super Eagle who flew to the top See also : The best beard in football ? See also : Is Lacrosse the secret to Wall Street success ?	Sergei Baltacha was the first footballer from the USSR to sign for an English club The central defender learned at the feet of legendary coach Valeriy Lobanovskyi Baltacha earned 49 caps for the old Soviet Union
President Barack Obama called for a "  sustained conversation " surrounding the relationship between police and the communities they serve after a series of meetings with Cabinet members , law enforcement officials , young activists and others on Monday . The meetings follow a week of sometimes violent protests that swept the nation following the decision by a grand jury last Monday not to indict a white police officer in the shooting of an unarmed black teenager in Ferguson , Missouri . Later on Monday , Attorney General Eric Holder , speaking in Atlanta , said the federal investigation of the incident is ongoing . "  The Justice Department 's investigation into the shooting death of Michael Brown , as well as our investigation into allegations of unconstitutional policing patterns or practices by the Ferguson Police Department , remain ongoing and active , " he said . "  They have been rigorous and independent from the very beginning . " Members of the Congressional Black Caucus also spoke out on Ferguson and broader racial tensions in the United States . "  The Ferguson grand jury 's decision not to indict former officer Darren Wilson was yet another slap in our face . It was a painful reminder that just like with Trayvon Martin and Tamir Rice and so many others that law enforcement officers killed - black and brown men and boys - without repercussions , " said Rep. Marcia Fudge , D-Ohio , chair of the Congressional Black Caucus , the House floor . "  The fact that our country - the greatest country in the world - remains mired in race relations issues in the year 2014 is an embarrassment , " she said . "  If we are to learn anything from the tragic death of Michael Brown , we must first acknowledge that we have a race issue that we are not addressing . " The incident , and subsequent months of unrest in Ferguson , set off a national debate over the tactics and tools used by law enforcement to keep the peace , which critics said were at times too aggressive . According to the White House press pool report , Obama told a crowd of about 50 activists , law enforcement and elected officials that the problem is "  solvable , " but that there needs to be an ongoing discussion of the issues uncovered by Ferguson . " -LSB- This is -RSB- not a problem simply of Ferguson , this is a problem that is national . It is a solvable problem , but it is one that unfortunately spikes but fades into background , " he said . "  What we need is a sustained conversation ... to move forward in a constructive fashion . " Obama held his first meeting with members of his Cabinet -- Holder , Treasury Secretary Jack Lew , Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson attended , as well as deputy Defense Secretary Robert O. Work and Michael Botticelli , the acting director of the White House Office of National Drug Policy . They discussed a review Obama ordered in August of federal funding and programs that provide equipment to state and local law enforcement agencies , according to the White House . A White House official confirms a presidential trip to Ferguson was indeed under consideration last week after Obama was asked by CNN about the possibility of such a visit just as the unrest was flaring up again in the Missouri city . But because the issues that arose in Ferguson are more widespread than one incident in one community , the official said , White House advisers decided on what is described as a more comprehensive approach of convening a large group of stakeholders from cities around the country to tackle the issue in a more thorough manner . A trip to Ferguson has not been ruled out in the future . But it appears for now , the White House is opting for the route they are taking this week.â $ ` During his remarks Monday afternoon , Obama admitted that past task forces have fallen short , but said that "  this time will be different because the president of the United States is deeply vested in making it different . " RELATED : Obama preparing executive order on police militarization Following his Cabinet meeting , Obama hosted a group of young civil rights leaders â $ " including representatives from the Ohio Students Association and the Howard University Student Association â $ " in the Oval Office to discuss , per the White House , "  the broader challenges we still face as a nation , including the mistrust between law enforcement and communities of color . " And he then sat down with elected officials , law enforcement officials and community , civil rights and faith leaders from around the nation to discuss ways to "  build trust " between communities and law enforcement . That meeting included the mayors of Boston , Mass. , Milwaukee , Wisc. , New York , N.Y. , Gary , Ind. and Philadelphia , Pa , as well as representatives from a number of police organizations and both the Baltimore and Philadelphia police departments . The Rev. Al Sharpton was in attendance as well , along with representatives from the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , the National Council of La Raza , the American Civil Liberties Union and others . Sharpton called it an "  historic evening , " and said he came away with the sense that the president and the administration are putting their weight behind their groups ' recommendations . He did caution , however , that this meeting can not be "  an isolated incident " and needs to be followed by action . National Urban League President Marc Morial said the meeting was unlike any other he 's participated in and featured "  candid , open , productive , substantive conversation . " He called today 's actions from the president "  meaningful . " Holder is also set to address the events in Ferguson during a Monday night forum at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta , Ga. , a church where Martin Luther King Jr. once preached . Civic leaders , students , community leaders and others have been invited to the forum , and Holder plans to give remarks afterward . The day 's events come as protests continue into their second week . On Monday , protesters snarled traffic throughout Washington , D.C. by blocking main roadways across the city , according to the D.C. Police Department .	President Barack Obama met with members of his Cabinet and civil rights leaders Monday Obama discussed the "  disintegration of trust " between police and the communities they serve The White House reportedly considered , then rejected , a trip to Ferguson for Obama
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Men taking any of three erectile dysfunction drugs -- Viagra , Levitra or Cialis -- may be at increased risk for sudden hearing loss , prompting Food and Drug Administration officials to require label changes for the medications . The FDA is requiring label changes for drugs that may increase the risk of sudden hearing loss . The FDA said manufacturers must change the labels "  to display more prominently the potential risk of sudden hearing loss , " according to the agency 's Web site . Labeling must also be changed for the blood pressure medication Revatio , which has the same active ingredient as the other drugs . Men taking any of the ED drugs and experiencing hearing loss should immediately stop taking the drug and see their physician , the FDA said . Patients taking Revatio and experiencing hearing loss should not discontinue taking the drug because it is used to treat a potentially life-threatening condition , the FDA said . Those patients are urged to see their physicians immediately . The FDA is requiring the label change for the entire class of drugs -- called Phosphodiesterase Type 5 Inhibitor , or PD-5 inhibitors . The FDA says all manufacturers have agreed to the change their labels . "  This is basically a public health announcement to let people decide if they want to take the drug , " Dr. Robert Boucher said . Boucher is an ear , nose and throat specialist for the FDA who reviewed reports of sudden hearing loss in patients taking these drugs . The FDA began investigating the possible link between hearing loss and ED drugs after the publication of an article for ear , nose and throat specialists in last April 's Journal of Laryntology and Otology , according to FDA spokeswoman Rita Chappelle . The study reported on a man taking Viagra who had experienced sudden hearing loss . This prompted the FDA to look for other reports of sudden hearing loss . The FDA found a total of 29 reports , which involved patients experiencing ringing in their ears , vertigo and/or dizziness . In most cases , the hearing loss only occurred in one ear , and for about one third of patients , the hearing loss was temporary . Boucher said "  these 29 adverse event reports date back to 1996 , when Viagra , the first impotence drug , was approved . " "  So , we 're only talking about a couple cases per year , " he said . He said 40 million prescriptions of all four drugs have been filled worldwide so far . "  This is a very small number of cases , but because we 're talking about a person 's ability to hear , we thought it was important to make the label clear that this is a possible event , " Chappelle said . There are about 4,000 new cases of sudden hearing loss in the United States each year , according to the National Institutes of Health . Hearing loss can be caused by blood flow blockage as a result of diabetes or other illness , smoking , age and antibiotics . Pfizer manufactures Viagra and Revatio and Eli Lilly manufactures Cialis . Levitra , developed by GlaxoSmithKline and Bayer HealthCare , is jointly promoted in the United States by GSK and Schering-Plough Corporation . Representatives from Pfizer and Eli Lilly stressed that this is a "  class label change " for all such drugs . In separate statements , Pfizer and Lilly representatives said "  the FDA is making this change in the interests of patients so that patients can make informed decisions regarding PD-5 medications . " GlaxoSmithKline did not return calls , but Schering-Plough noted that "  based on patient reports , all occurrences of sudden hearing loss in patients taking Levitra were temporary . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Amy Burkholder and Ben Leach contributed to this report .	FDA requiring label changes for Viagra , Levitra , Cialis and Revatio Labels must clearly display potential risk of sudden hearing loss FDA says all manufacturers have agreed to change their labels There are about 4,000 new cases of sudden hearing loss in the U.S. each year
CNN  -- As a player who has won African and Olympic titles with Cameroon and Spanish league and Champions League titles with Barcelona as well as three African footballer of the year awards , Samuel Eto'o expects to command respect . Barcelona star Samuel Eto'o is one of a number of top footballers who have spoken out against racism . Yet Eto 's spectacular career in Spain , where his goalscoring prowess have made him one of the world 's most feared and admired strikers , has been punctuated by incidents in which he has been the victim of sickening racist abuse . Memorably , Eto'o started to walk off the pitch in protest during a match at Real Zaragoza in 2006 after being taunted by home supporters chanting monkey noises only to be persuaded to return by his Barcelona teammates and the club 's coach , Frank Rijkaard . "  I was leaving the field and if it was n't for Rijkaard , my teammates and the referee , I would have done it , " Eto'o recalls . "  In that moment you start thinking whether there is something wrong with being black , you know ? But I think we are all humans , everyone 's blood is the same color and we all have the same heart . I do n't see any differences in skin color . " While Spanish football 's reputation for sophistication and flair has made la Liga one of the most attractive and marketable competitions in world football , attitudes in the stands have not always kept apace with the cosmopolitanism on display on the pitch . Nor has positive leadership always come from the top . Real Zaragoza were fined just 9,000 euros  $ 13,800  for the abuse directed by their supporters at Eto'o . And in 2005 , the Spanish national coach Luis Aragones -- currently steering Spain through Euro 2008 -- was at the center of controversy when he used a racist slur to describe French striker Thierry Henry , now a teammate of Eto'o 's at Barcelona . Eto'o admits that racism is so widespread in Spain that he no longer dares take his family to matches . "  Racism can happen anywhere and I do n't want them to see it , " he told CNN . "  It 's a sad situation in football . In my opinion the problem is getting bigger and the people that should come up with a solution are not doing it . So to protect my family , I do n't take them to the game . " With black players regularly subjected to monkey chants in Spanish stadiums , Eto'o believes determined action is needed before verbal abuse spills over into physical violence . "  The authorities are working to find solutions . But they must find them . We ca n't wait until some crazy fan jumps from his seat and kills a black player before measures are taken . The players are revolted by it and we try to help each other . But the authorities must find a way to set an example . " One of the saddest aspects of racism in football is that many of those who participate in taunting colored players would never dream of behaving the same way on the street , at work or at home . But Eto'o fears attitudes in stadiums may reflect wider social attitudes which find expression amid the passion , emotion and anonymity of the football crowd "  Football stadiums are just a reflection of what is going on in society , " Eto'o says . "  Many times in stadiums people just feel more relaxed and say what they think when they 're somewhere else . " He believes the Spanish media has a key part to play in tackling racism in football , not just by highlighting incidents of abuse but in creating an environment in which racism in the stands is no longer quietly condoned . "  I do n't make the decisions , but something needs to be done . Right now , the media here pays attention to the incidents of racism , but does n't discuss solutions . That 's the tragedy . They use these images to create an impact rather than to identify racism as a problem and to urge people to find a solution . TV has a lot of weight on public opinion and what the industry must do is make people feel a social responsibility to stop this kind of behavior . "	Samuel Eto'o : "  We ca n't wait until some crazy fan kills a black player " Barcelona striker has endured regular racist taunting while playing in Spain Eto'o almost walked off during a match in 2006 because of sustained abuse He no longer allows family to come to games to protect them from racism
CNN  -- Sometimes the hardest thing is to say "  no " to a friend . All the more reason to applaud the bravery of Lee Saunders and the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees . A few months ago , the United Negro College Fund accepted a $ 25 million grant from Charles and David Koch to support scholarships for minority students . It raised more than a few eyebrows . After all , everyone -- including me -- reveres the college fund . Its contribution to the cause of equal opportunity is legendary . But few people still alive have done more to promote policies that hurt African-Americans than the Koch brothers . The Koch brothers are one of the most prominent funders of organizations that work to restrict early voting and registration and effectively disenfranchise African-Americans . They oppose the minimum wage , which would disproportionately help black workers . They are spending millions to lie to the public about climate disruption , which hurts the most vulnerable communities first . In other words , the Koch brothers ' agenda is great for African-Americans -- so long as we do not want to vote , make a living or avoid our homes being swept away in a flood . It is one thing to accept money from dubious sources . One could argue -- convincingly -- that the college fund was taking money from a bad source and doing something good with it . But the breaking point came a few weeks ago when United Negro College Fund President Michael Lomax appeared at a Koch brothers ' retreat in California . The public stated purpose of this event was to build support for the Koch brothers ' various political causes . The moment he stepped through the door , Lomax lent the his organization 's good name to a radical agenda that causes untold damage to African-Americans . All this was too much for AFSCME , a predominantly African-American union with a long civil rights track record that had partnered with the United Negro College Fund for years in giving out scholarships . Last month , Saunders sent Lomax a letter ending their partnership . It was a tough decision , no doubt -- but it was the right one .  Full disclosure : AFSCME once made a donation to Rebuild the Dream , an organization that I lead . I am all for education . That is one of the reasons I helped start #YesWeCode , an initiative to teach computer science to black , brown and low-income young people . I am the first to point out how much brilliance and creativity our nation is losing by failing to uplift youth from low-opportunity backgrounds . That 's why I am usually such a huge fan of the United Negro College Fund . But the Koch money seems to have come with strings attached . The funds are earmarked only for young people with "  an interest in the study of how entrepreneurship , economics , and innovation contribute to well-being for individuals , communities , and society . " To many , that sounds like the Koch brothers are restricting the funds only to students who adopt the Koch 's economic and political views . Koch representatives will even help choose which students qualify for scholarships . It is also worth noting that AFSCME did not end its support for minority scholarships . The union will still give just as much money to young scholars as it always has -- just through other channels . It is simply choosing not to partner with a group that is lending a helping hand to those whose political views most African-Americans detest . After all , according to documents reported by The Progressive and the Center for Media and Discovery , Charles Koch was once a member of the John Birch Society , the far-right group that so opposed the civil rights movement that it declared the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. a communist . And that one of the speakers at the Koch retreat was Charles Murray of the notorious "  The Bell Curve , " a book he co-authored that argued blacks and Latinos were innately less intelligent than whites and Asians , and to blame for every social injustice they face . Endorsing these views in exchange for scholarship funding is not worth it . It is not two steps forward , one step back . It is half a step forward , then go sit in the back of the bus . Lomax and the United Negro College Fund may not agree . Conservatives definitely do not -- Rush Limbaugh tactfully likened the college fund to slaves and AFSCME to slaveholders . But AFSCME has an obligation to its members not to align itself with this kind of behavior . It is harder to say "  no " to a friend than an enemy . But in this case , the hard path was also the right one .	The United Negro College Fund accepted $ 25 million from Koch brothers to use for scholarships Van Jones : Koch brothers fund , promote policies destructive to African-Americans Union that worked with United Negro College Fund decided to break ties as a result Jones agrees with union , says college fund chief going to Koch retreat was wrong
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal battled hard to overcome Roger Federer 's conqueror and give himself a chance of a record-equaling 17th Masters 1000 tournament title in Italy . The Spaniard dropped his first set on clay this season before defeating young Latvian outsider Ernests Gulbis 6-4 3-6 6-4 in Saturday 's semifinals in Rome . World No. 3 Nadal can move ahead of Federer and join American legend Andre Agassi in the all-time Masters list if he beats compatriot David Ferrer in Sunday 's final . Gulbis , who will rise six places in the world rankings to 34th next week , gave himself every chance of repeating his shock second-round win over No. 1 Federer as he blasted 50 winners to Nadal 's 18 , firing 13 aces to none . But the 21-year-old paid the price for making 56 unforced errors against the defending champion 's 23 . Nadal , who won three successive titles in Rome from 2005 , will seek to match the mark set by Agassi in 2004 . He has not lost to Ferrer since the 2007 season-ending Masters Cup , and has a 10-3 advantage in career meetings . Whoever wins , Spain is guaranteed an eighth victory in 10 years at the event , which was known as the Italian Open until 2002 . Ferrer earlier reached his first Masters final with a 7-5 6-3 win over compatriot Fernando Verdasco , avenging his defeat to the sixth seed in last weekend 's semifinals in Barcelona . Verdasco was unable to repeat his fine showing from Friday 's energy-sapping three-hour victory over world No. 2 Novak Djokovic , last year 's runner-up , as he faded after taking a 5-1 lead in the opening set . The world No. 9 had won 12 of his past 13 matches on clay , losing to Nadal in the final in Monte Carlo last month . "  Until 5-1 things were going okay for me and also he was n't playing his best and made some mistakes , " Verdasco told the ATP Tour Web site . "  Later , perhaps he saw that I was tired , not from 5-1 but since I got up this morning . "  The match yesterday was long and very physical against Novak and I was feeling good mentally but my body was n't feeling the same as before , so I was slower and with less power . I was making mistakes and I was n't playing a good game . " Meanwhile , Belgian comeback queen Justine Henin will face Samantha Stosur in the final of the women 's Stuttgart Grand Prix on Sunday . Henin , the 2007 champion , is seeking her first title since ending her 18-month retirement in January . The former world No. 1 cruised to a 6-3 6-2 semifinal win over Israel 's Shahar Peer , who on Friday knocked out third-ranked Dinara Safina . She reached the 60th WTA Tour final of her career as she spoiled Peer 's 23rd birthday celebrations before fellow wildcard Stosur continued her fine run on clay with a 7-5 6-3 win over Russian qualifier Anna Lapushchenkova . The Australian is unbeaten in 11 matches on the surface after winning the Family Circle Cup in Charleston in the United States and then winning both rubbers on Fed Cup duty against Ukraine .	Rafael Nadal seeks to equal Andre Agassi 's record of 17 Masters 1000 tournament titles Spaniard faces compatriot David Ferrer in final of the Rome Masters on Sunday World No. 3 overcomes Roger Federer 's conqueror Ernests Gulbis 6-4 3-6 6-4 in semis Comeback queen Justine Henin plays Samantha Stosur in final of women 's event in Stuttgart
CNN  -- Yemen 's embattled president , still recovering from a violent attack last month , met with a top U.S. counterterrorism official in Saudi Arabia Sunday . Yemeni state television broadcast footage of the president 's meeting with John Brennan , U.S. President Barack Obama 's top counterterrorism adviser . The two met at a military hospital in Riyadh , where Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh has been recovering since he was wounded in the attack on his presidential compound more than a month ago . Video of the meeting shows Saleh wearing a suit jacket , his face still singed from the June 3 blast . Brennan wished Saleh "  a speedy recovery " but also "  emphasized the importance of resolving the political crisis in Sanaa , " the White House said in a statement on Sunday 's meeting . He urged Saleh to sign the Gulf Cooperation Council 's political transition plan for Yemen . "  The United States believes that a transition in Yemen should begin immediately so that the Yemeni people can realize their aspirations , " the White House statement said . Saleh has voiced agreement with the plan by the GCC , which would ensure his gradual departure from office , but he has not signed it . Saleh told Brennan that the GCC initiative laid the groundwork for exiting the political crisis through national dialogue involving all political parties , Yemen 's state-run Saba news agency reported . As Brennan and Saleh met in Saudi Arabia , clashes erupted between government security forces and armed tribesmen in one of the epicenters of Yemen 's anti-government movement . Two people were killed and at least nine others were injured in the southwestern Yemeni city of Taiz Sunday , medical sources in the city said . Dozens of homes were also damaged in the fighting , which started early Sunday morning and stretched for more than eight hours , witnesses said . Saleh appeared on television in Yemen Thursday for the first time since the attack , telling viewers he was on the mend , open to talks with opposition forces and determined to strike back at his attackers . His speech from Saudia Arabia transfixed his home country , which has been enduring months of anti-government protests and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula militant activity . Saleh said he had had eight successful surgeries in Saudi Arabia , but the president , whose badly burned face was dark and who sat stiffly upright in a buttoned-up robe , did n't specify when he would go back to Yemen -- a return his supporters anticipate but his opponents hope will never occur . The United States has been aiding Yemen 's military in its fight against Islamic militants amid fears that al Qaeda is exploiting the political chaos and leadership vacuum engulfing the unstable and impoverished Arabian Peninsula country . On Sunday , Saleh thanked Brennan for U.S. support of "  Yemen 's unity , security and stability , " according to Saba . "  He confirmed that Yemen needs to be supported and assisted to promote economic and development fields so as to reduce poverty and unemployment , which represent a fertile environment of terrorism , " Saba reported . CNN 's Yousuf Basil and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	NEW : Clashes erupt in the southwestern Yemeni city of Taiz White House : "  A transition in Yemen should begin immediately " Yemeni state television shows Saleh and Brennan meeting Saleh has been recovering in Saudi Arabia since he was wounded in a June 3 attack
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- Argentine farmers are planning their next move after the country 's president announced plans to fund a public works program with revenues from a controversial agrarian export tax . Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has rejected demands for the repeal of an export tax . Eduardo Buzzi , president of the Argentine Agrarian Federation , said the organization 's directory board will meet Friday to discuss what steps it plans to take in response to President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner 's announcement . "  We call on farmers across the country to stay calm but to stay on the alert , " the organization said on its Web site Tuesday . The 44 percent export tax , which applies to soybeans , wheat , corn and sunflower seeds , has caused a three-month-old standoff between the government and farmers . Argentina is the world 's second-largest corn exporter and third-largest soybean exporter . On Monday , farmers suspended roadblocks that had snarled traffic across the country , though reports indicated that groups in some rural areas were still blocking roads Tuesday . Kirchner has argued that the tax , which was implemented March 11 , pays for increases in seniors ' pensions and financial assistance for the poor . She has rejected the farmers ' demands for a repeal of the export tax as "  extortion . " Monday marked the first time Kirchner revealed details of how the government plans to use profits from the tax , which has generated about U.S. $ 1.5 billion , to lift people out of poverty . "  It is impossible to attack the problem of the poor without distribution of revenue and without touching extraordinary profits , " she said in a televised address . Kirchner said the Social Redistribution Program will include the construction of 30 hospitals and more than 300 health-care centers , as well as investments in the country 's rural roads and in housing . In an apparent criticism of the farmers , she lamented "  the reaction of some who refuse to contribute in the redistribution " to "  those who have least . " She apologized , however , at the close of her speech for offending anyone . Analysts suggested that the tax was a "  strong attack " on on the farmers and their arguments against it . Claudio Loser , a visiting senior fellow at the Inter-American Dialogue policy analysis center , said it could result in Argentine society being "  less sympathetic to the farmers , " noting that it was "  surprising " that the government did n't come up with the plan until the tax was three months old . Loser , who is from Argentina , also predicted that a continuation of the tax would provoke farmers into not investing . Externally , the standoff has had a two-pronged effect on Argentina , he said . "  The conflict has resulted in a loss of market for Argentina , " he said , as other countries have gone elsewhere for products . Loser also said foreign investors may be more reluctant to invest in Argentina now . CNN 's Carolina Cayazzo and Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	Argentine president says export tax will fund massive public works program Farm leaders urge calm as they plan response to president 's announcement The 44 percent tax has caused a 3-month standoff between farmers , government Analyst suggests president 's plan could turn public tide against farmers
CNN  -- Being a world leader does n't necessarily mean being a fashion leader . It also does n't make you immune to that awkward part of the international travel deal -- occasionally giving in to the demands of your local hosts and doing something you would n't normally do , all in the name of cross-cultural comity . Taken each year  with some exemptions  in the traditional or often jazzed-up garb of the host country , the famed Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation  APEC  "  family photo "  it 's also been called the "  silly shirts " photo  dates to the first APEC summit held near Seattle in 1993 . To foster a sense of informal exchange , participants at that summit were asked not to wear ties . At the same meeting , then U.S. President Bill Clinton presented bomber jackets to participants .  Very cool move . Since then it 's been all on -- and all in -- with everything from South American ponchos to Vietnamese ao dai . Like group tour t-shirts and other travel-inspired clothing purchases , these may look OK at the time and generate a sense of unity . But they later run the risk of mixing with mothballs at the back of the closet and only seeing the light of day , or night , during a bout of nostalgia or for a themed party . Perhaps inspired by Japan in 2010 deciding to buck short tradition , the APEC group dress code has been shelved in recent years . But at last year 's APEC summit , on the sun-kissed Indonesian island of Bali , it was back on - leaders looked reasonably resplendent in Balinese-designed shirts . On Monday , this year 's host China continued the custom . Leaders donned high-collared , "  Mao-style " jackets in shades of burgundy , teal and brown to attend a gala dinner at in Beijing . But as the photos spread around the world , many thought they were attending a Star Trek convention rather than a state banquet , with the outfits resembling those sported by Spock or Captain Kirk . Host Chinese President Xi Jinping worked his silky tunic but the awkward expressions of U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian leader Vladimir Putin suggested many guests wished they could be transported away from the pomp and protocol by using the hit show 's immortal catchphrase : "  Beam me up , Scotty . " This story was first published on October 8 , 2013 and updated on November 11 , 2014 .	Gallery looks back at some of the more memorable APEC triumphs and fashion fails The first APEC "  family photo " dates to first APEC summit near Seattle in 1993 Like group tour t-shirts , they run the risk of never being worn again Tradition brought back to life in Bali after a three-year hiatus
CNN  -- "  Well , how do you remember any son ? " John Regelbrugge II asked in a telephone call from his home in northern California . The body of his son , Navy Cmdr. John Regelbrugge III , 49 , was among at least 16 bodies recovered after a massive landslide Saturday swallowed houses and trailers in Washington 's Cascade Mountains . At least eight more bodies await inclusion in the official count once medical examiners identify them . "  I mean , you know , he was just one hell of a man , " his father recalled . "  He was a great boy , very active in sports . He loved to hunt . He was one of my hunting partners for years until he went to the Navy . " The Navy , where Regelbrugge served 32 years , said in a statement Thursday that it was still awaiting the coroner 's official report before releasing information about "  our dear shipmate and his family . " But John Regelbrugge II , 72 , had no doubt . The commander 's brothers and two of his sons found his body in a debris field near where Regelbrugge lived with his wife , Kris , who also died . They had hoped to run into him helping the rescue effort , his father said . "  Actually , he 's not officially dead yet , " said his father , choking with emotion . "  You know how the red tape is , the medical examiner and all that crap . There 's no two ways about it . I mean , the boy that called me says , he 's laying at my feet dead . He had the dog next to him . They were n't going to give up until they found him . " His son 's Navy uniforms and his officer 's sword was across the river from where the two-story house once stood in the remote , mountainous area . His son appeared to have his arms up , perhaps trying to protect himself , his father said . Regelbrugge and his wife had slept in on Saturday morning , when they had expected to travel to Seattle to visit their daughter , Sara . "  His brother Greg lives up there and called him at 9:40 in the morning , and he said John just got up and they would get going in a little bit , " John Regelbrugge II recalled . "  Unfortunately , shortly thereafter , the mud hit . They never got going . " Regelbrugge II and his wife raised their family in a rugged and isolated community northwest of Sacramento . That passion for the outdoors and the beauty of the mountains drew his son and his wife to Darrington . "  We live in the middle of nowhere as it is , " the father said . "  Right now , I 'm about nine miles north of a town of about 5,000 and six miles southeast of a town of a little over 1,000 . When John went to school ... there were 800 people in town and a graduating class of 20 or 21 kids . He 's always been in the country . He enjoyed being out . He used to love to ride the horses . He and one of his brothers would disappear up into the hills on the horses and come back hours later . " From Darrington , Regelbrugge commuted to his job at an area naval base , his father said . "  He bought that place in the middle of nowhere , " said John Regelbrugge II . "  That 's why it 's so hard to believe that mudslide wiped anything out . I know they keep saying 30 homes . There were eight homes on Steelhead Drive and that 's where he was . I never saw nothing but a few farms around there . Those eight homes are gone . " John Regelbrugge II said his son threw a big party the Saturday before St. Patrick 's Day that was attended by neighbors from Steelhead Drive and the vicinity . "  All the neighbors were there -- 30 of them , " he said . "  That was everybody that lived there . They were real tight . Everybody had a half-acre or three-quarters of an acre . There were like 30 people living there , and 20-something of them are dead . " Regelbrugge recently served aboard the aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis . A 2012 tweet from the Navy said that at the time , he had three sons in the service : Brian Regelbrugge was a cryptologic technician 2nd Class in the Navy ; Kyle Regelbrugge was a Navy machinist 's mate fireman ; and Scott Regelbrugge was an Army corporal . The couple also had two daughters . "  He loved the Navy , " John Regelbrugge II said . "  That was his big thing . He was his mom 's sailor boy . He had over 27 years on his sea clock . He was out to sea a lot . He took the Navy like a duck takes to water . " Scott Regelbrugge left to work at a local sawmill before the landslide came , his grandfather said . When Regelbrugge joined the Navy , he would write poems to his late mother , Grace . "  She was so proud of him , " the eldest Regelbrugge recalled . "  She passed away on July 28 at 10:35 in the morning . I 'm still trying to get over that . She died of pancreatic cancer . That upset Johnny something terrible too . " Since his mother 's death , Regelbrugge had called his father twice a day to check on him . "  He was worried about me , " the father said . "  I prefer to be alone after my wife died . " Asked how he remembered his son , the father said simply : "  John just loved life . " How to help the victims CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Ana Cabrera and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Navy Cmdr. John Regelbrugge III and his wife were found after deadly landslide The couple slept in on the morning of the landslide , his father said Regelbrugge 's brothers and two of his sons found his body Victim 's father : "  There were like 30 people living there and 20-something of them are dead "
CNN  -- Barcelona will have to wait at least one more week to wrap up a fourth La Liga title in five seasons after they could only draw 2-2 against Athletic Bilbao on Saturday . The Catalans needed to win their match and hope Real Madrid lost their derby game against Atletico to guarantee the title , but neither result transpired -- Real beat their city rivals 2-1 to reduce the arrears to 11 points . Having been on the receiving end of a Champions League mauling at the hands of Bayern Munich in midweek , Barcelona 's weekend got off to an equally dismal start as Bilbao took the lead in the 27th minute when Markel Susaeta scored from close range . Lionel Messi came off the bench to steer Barca back into the match , levelling the scores with another sublime individual effort in the 67th minute -- his 44th in 33 league games -- before Alexis Sanchez made it 2-1 three minutes later . Blog : Does responsibility come with superstar status ? Another win seemed assured until the 90th minute when Ander Herrera scored for the home side , guiding the ball past Victor Valdes . Real also conceded first in the match against their city rivals at the Vicente Calderon -- Radamel Falcao opening the scoring in the fourth minute . But the lead only lasted nine minutes as defender Juanfran deflected an Angel di Maria free kick into his own net . Di Maria was on hand again in the second half latching onto to a pass from Karim Benzema in the 62nd minute before firing home the winner past Belgian goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois . Atletico remain in third , 13 points ahead of fourth-place Real Sociedad who can close the gap if they beat Valencia on Sunday . In Saturday 's other matches , Celta Vigo beat Levante 1-0 while Zaragoza moved off the bottom of the table after beating fellow strugglers Mallorca 3-2 . Meanwhile in Serie A , second-place Napoli reduced the arrears with Juventus to eight points after a 3-0 win at bottom side Pescara . Udinese 's 1-0 win over Cagliari sees them move up to fifth place , four points behind Fiorentina , who travel to Sampdoria on Sunday . Atalanta and Bologna played out a 1-1 draw . Leaders Juventus travel to Torino on Sunday while third place AC Milan host Catania .	Barcelona fourth title in five seasons not yet confirmed after 2-2 draw at Bilbao Real Madrid beat city rivals Atletico 2-1 in Madrid derby Napoli close gap on Juventus to eight points after 3-0 win at Pescara
Jim "  Pee Wee " Martin acted like he 'd been here before , like jumping from a plane is as easy as falling off a log . Maybe that 's because he had -- 70 years ago . "  I 'm feeling fine , " Martin told reporters moments after landing in a French field . " ... It was wonderful , absolutely wonderful . " Martin was part of the U.S. 101st Airborne Division that parachuted down over Utah Beach in their bid to retake France and , eventually , the rest of Europe from Nazi Germany . They actually touched down in enemy-controlled territory a night before what 's referred to as D-Day . His jump Thursday in the same area was different and -- despite his being 93 years old now -- a whole lot easier . "  It did n't  compare  , " Martin said , "  because there was n't anybody shooting at me today . " Every year , every day it seems , the number of surviving World War II veterans like Martin dwindles . He estimates there are only a few dozen members of his unit who took part in the now historic D-Day invasion who are still around . Share your family 's D-Day stories It 's ironic , in a sense , because Martin was among the oldest of his bunch in June 1944 -- at 23 years old -- surrounded by others who were mere teenagers . Together , they parachuted onto France 's northern coast in the dark of night not knowing what awaited them . Whatever it was , it would not be friendly or easy , they expected . "  Everybody  was  scared all the time , and if they tell you anything differently they are full of crap , " the former paratrooper recalled . "  But you just do what you had to do regardless of it . That 's the difference . " And they did n't stop . According to a Facebook page he regularly updates , Martin fought for 43 days as part of the Normandy campaign before moving onto invade Holland , fending off Nazi fighters during the Battle of the Bulge and finishing off by taking Berchtesgaden , site of Hitler 's "  Eagle 's Nest " redoubt in the German Alps . None of it was easy , but Martin insists , "  I do n't ever have flashbacks . Never . Nothing ever bothered me . " All these years later , he has become a celebrity of sorts -- as evidenced by a mob of reporters who greeted him after his parachute landing Thursday . Martin says he feels "  kind of humbled and embarrassed at the adulation because I do n't feel we did anything that we were n't supposed to do or anything exceptional . " He adds : "  We just did what we trained to do . " Seven decades later , Martin did it again -- not fighting a bloody war but at least reliving his role in a military campaign that changed the course of history . Others joined him in this now daytime jump , though he was the only one from his generation . This time , he said that he was n't scared because , "  once you get in the plane , you forget everything . " Bored would be more like it . As he told reporters afterward , "  To tell you the truth , riding around in the plane is boring . It 's when you get off the plane , that 's when it gets exciting ... But there 's no fear to it . It 's just something you do . " Martin admitted that he was motivated by "  a little bit of ego ,  to show that  I 'm 93 and I can still do it . " "  And also I just want to show all the people that you do n't have to sit and die just because you get old , " he added . "  Keep doing things . " Among those things he 'd like to do is another jump in the same plane , one year from now . "  If I come back next year , I 'll make a jump next year . You can bet on it . "	Martin was in the U.S. 101st Airborne Division , and parachuted into Normandy He parachutes from a plane again into the same area again , at the age of 93 It did n't compare to his D-Day jump "  because there was n't anybody shooting " Martin wants to show "  you do n't have to sit and die just because you get old "
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton praised the leader of Ivory Coast for progress made toward peace Tuesday but urged greater dialogue with the opposition to heal the wounds of a deadly political crisis . It 's a "  historic moment " for the Ivory Coast , Clinton said during a press conference with President Alassane Ouattara , who welcomed her to the presidential palace in the nation 's commercial capital , Abidjan . Clinton 's visit -- the first by a U.S. secretary of state to the west African nation in a quarter of a century -- comes just over a year after contested presidential polls , which led to widespread violence . The former French colony was gripped by a post-election crisis from December 2010 to April 2011 after former President Laurent Gbagbo refused to step down after his defeat in the presidential election of November 2010 . The United States was , along with France and the United Nations , a key ally of Ouattara in his conflict with Gbagbo . Gbagbo is now in The Hague , Netherlands , where he is accused of four counts of crimes against humanity for his role in attacks by forces loyal to him on those believed to be supporters of Ouattara , who was recognized internationally as the winner of the 2010 election . Prosecutors say more than 3,000 people died in the post-election violence . Parliamentary elections held in Ivory Coast in December were calm , but Gbagbo 's Front Populaire Ivoirien boycotted the vote , saying Ouattara 's government was fostering a climate of terror . Speaking alongside Ouattara , Clinton expressed her "  admiration for the progress achieved and gradual return to normality , which is a bearer of hope for peace and security . " But she also struck a warning note , saying reconciliation is needed . "  Securing these gains for democracy , prosperity and security -- for people around here and for your neighbors -- will require much work , " she said . "  It will be particularly important to include all voices , including those that are discordant , for the purpose of the political dialogue . " "  We trust , President  Barack  Obama and myself , that the Ivory Coast may be again the engine of economic growth for Ivorian people , but also for the entire region , " the secretary of state added . Rights group Amnesty International has said that crimes were committed by forces loyal to both sides in the post-election conflict , and has urged Ouattara 's government not to allow a culture of impunity . "  Amnesty International has repeatedly called upon the Ivorian authorities and the  International Criminal Court  prosecutor to investigate all crimes under international law committed by all parties , " the right group said in a statement in November . "  The organization has documented crimes against humanity , as well as war crimes , including murder , enforced disappearances , torture and crimes of sexual violence committed in the country , in particular between 2002 and May 2011 . " In Abidjan Tuesday , Ouattara spoke of his government 's "  firm determination to build a rule of law , impartial justice with respect for human rights . " Ouattara said Ivory Coast would carry out reforms to the cocoa producing sector , in which the United States has a big stake , by the end of the month . Ivory Coast is the world 's leading cocoa producer . Ouattara said he and Clinton had held a "  full discussion " on international diplomatic issues , as well as the position of the African continent on the world stage . Addressing Clinton , he said , "  You , and we , believe that peace is essential for the Ivory Coast to the African continent and the world . " While the Ivory Coast now enjoys peace , he said , building a strong relationship with the United States would help it meet the many challenges still ahead . Ouattara was welcomed by Obama at the White House in July 2011 , along with the presidents of Niger , Guinea and Benin , in recognition of democratic processes in those countries . Clinton was in Liberia on Monday , where she attended the inauguration of President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf . She left the Ivory Coast early Tuesday afternoon to conclude her mini-tour in Togo and Cape Verde . The first U.S. secretary of state to visit Togo , Clinton met with President Faure Gnassingbe in Lome "  to demonstrate U.S. support for Togo 's democratic progress and economic reforms , " the State Department said . Togo was elected a non-permanent member of the Security Council of the United Nations last year . Journalist Eric Biantuadi contributed to this report .	Clinton visits Ivory Coast as part of a four-country tour of West Africa She praises the progress made but urges greater efforts toward reconciliation Ivory Coast was torn by post-election violence from December 2010 to April 2011 Former President Laurent Gbagbo now faces four counts of crimes against humanity
PALMETTO , Georgia  CNN  -- The idea of investing in new home construction and high-end restaurant businesses would send most entrepreneurs running these days , but developers in a small community in rural Georgia say they 're still growing . The community of Serenbe in rural Georgia is surrounded by 40,000 acres of dense forest . At first glance Serenbe is a bucolic scene of horses and stables ringed by 40,000 acres of dense oak and pine forest , but as you drive around the first bend , a collection of look-alike white houses emerges , giving the distinct impression of a conventional high-end housing development . But a 21st century high-tech eco-village soon emerges from the mists . There are paths leading to water recycling facilities , composting , recycling , and 25 acres of organic-certified farmland , four of which are planted with anything from hops for beer making to sweet peas . A silver sign is prominently displayed in recognition of Serenbe 's ecologically sound construction , proving that Serenbe is not the average cookie-cutter housing development . Serenbe , a community founded on principles of farm-to-table cooking and environmentally conscious building techniques , has seen its fortunes rise while the rest of the country struggles . The development 's founders have sold four homes and five building lots at the development since January alone , and they believe that innovation may be just the thing the economy needs . Founders Marie and Steve Nygren say they 're running their business the old-fashioned way : looking back to what they call a "  village model , " where people shop and dine locally , helping to sustain each other 's business while also creating less waste . "  People are looking for what 's important , quality of life , for them and their children . Many of the residents want to know their neighbors , and we 're creating public spaces where they can interact , " Steve says . The community started small : the Nygrens bought a farmhouse and 90 acres of land back in 1991 . At first they used it as a weekend retreat from nearby Atlanta , but three years later they made it their permanent residence and workplace . Soon the 90 acres became 1000 , the farmhouse became an inn , and the Nygrens developed a vision of community . "  We 're intentional in the way that we respect the environment . It 's about the way you live , the way you interact , the way you eat , " says Marie . It has also been a business success : today Serenbe is a four-year-old upscale housing development , where the starting price for a house is $ 350,000 . In the last three years Serenbe has grown to a community of 160 residents , mostly young families who work in the Atlanta area , the self-employed or retired . So far , 102 freshly built environmentally friendly homes and business spaces have been rented and sold , a small collection of boutiques and galleries has popped up , and at the heart of the community , three restaurants are thriving . See photos of what the community looks like " Hilary White is the latest chef to join Serenbe 's community , and her 18-month-old restaurant , The Hil on the Hill , is now the centerpiece of the community 's small commercial block . White came to Serenbe for the four-acre organic farm that is now steps away from her kitchen . She gets her kale there in the winter , her fruit in summer , and for most of the year enough produce for all of her cooking at the restaurant . Not only does she save fuel and energy by minimizing the products she has to have shipped in , but diners near and far are drawn to the freshness of farm-to-table cuisine . "  The winter is a smaller menu , but in the summer it 's endless , " she says . Harvesting the last delicate bundles of this season 's spinach for tonight 's dinner , she already knows how to use them : "  We like these leaves , nice and crinkly , holds the vinaigrette really well , and it 's just got a real good flavor . " In colder months she makes her culinary creations with hearty winter vegetables like shitake mushrooms , cabbage and Kohlrabi , a water chestnut-textured turnip . But what 's driving the restaurant 's success in these cold economic climes ? Jim White , Hilary 's husband and business partner , says it 's the alternative nature of their business that has saved them from going under . "  We do n't have as much of a roller coaster ride , people are traveling to see us , and they come from the city because of the whole farm-to-table concept . " Watch a farm-to-table cooking demo " Hilary and Jim admit that the restaurant 's sales have slowed recently , but business is brisk enough that they have no plans to scale back . And Serenbe is also bucking some of the national trends , especially when it comes to real estate . According to the National Association of Realtors , new home sales in 2008 were down nearly 37 percent , and it is projected that in 2009 sales could fall another 39 percent . The figures have scared developers away from investing in new types of property , but Steve Nygren says that Serenbe is maintaining sales even now . "  We still have consistent movement , " Steve says , "  and considering the current environment we 're really pleased . " Shelton Stanfill was one of Serenbe 's first full-time residents . Before moving to the development in 2006 he ran Atlanta 's Woodruff Arts Center . He says he was attracted to Serenbe because he saw it as a "  poster child for the anti-sprawl mentality . " Like many other residents , Stanfill was also drawn to the communal feel of the development . "  We lived in Atlanta for 11 years and within four months of being at Serenbe I knew more people by first name than I ever did in my old neighborhood , " he says . When Steve Nygren started building his vision of an eco-community , conventional developers were skeptical about Serenbe , but now Steve says that "  a lot of those developers are coming out now with tape measures and cameras to see what we 're doing . They 're realizing that high-quality environmental developments sell . "	Serenbe founded on principles of farm-to-table cooking , green building techniques Rural Georgia community 's developers say they 're still growing High-tech eco-village is surrounded by oak and pine forest Homes , galleries , boutiques , restaurants all part of community
Washington  CNN  -- Two videos and an audiotape of a terrorism interrogation that were found by the CIA in 2007 show September 11 suspect Ramzi Bin al-Shibh , a knowledgeable U.S. source told CNN on Tuesday . On the tapes , Bin al-Shibh is seen sitting at a desk answering questions , according to the source , who said the tapes do not show any use of "  enhanced interrogation " techniques such as waterboarding . The tapes were recorded in Morocco and found under a desk at the CIA Counterterrorism Center in Langley , Virginia , in 2007 , according to the U.S. source . An October 2007 letter from federal prosecutors to U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema confirmed the existence of the tapes . However , the letter did not reveal the identity of the person being interrogated . The Associated Press first reported that Bin al-Shibh was the subject in the tapes . Bin al-Shibh was captured in Pakistan in 2002 . The exact date of his interrogation on the video is unclear , but it is believed to have occurred within months of his capture . Bin al-Shibh 's lawyer , Thomas Durkin , said Tuesday that he was unaware until now that the tapes involved his client . "  I was rather dumbfounded to think that we had litigated as long as we had in Guantanamo without knowing there were tapes of Mr. Bin al-Shibh , " Durkin told CNN . Such a lack of disclosure by prosecutors in a death penalty case is "  shocking , " he said . Bin al-Shibh is one of five September 11 suspects , including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who originally were scheduled to be tried in New York in connection with the 2001 terror attacks on the United States . According to Durkin , the status of the case is unclear because the Justice Department and the Obama administration have yet to decide where the trial will occur , after protests arose over holding it in New York City . The U.S. source noted that Bin al-Shibh has been considered mentally unstable , and Durkin said the interrogation tapes would set a "  baseline " for his client 's mental state at the time . CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen said Bin al-Shibh helped plan the September 11 attacks that destroyed the World Trade Center , damaged the Pentagon and killed almost 3,000 people . "  He applied for an American visa , " Bergen said Monday . "  He wanted to be one of the hijackers . He was turned down . He 's a Yemeni . He then basically assumed a quite important role in coordinating all the acts of the hijackers . He was a liaison between the hijackers in the United States and Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan . " The tapes are believed to be the only ones left that show a "  black site " interrogation in a third country . The CIA announced in 2007 that other tapes showing enhanced interrogations of suspects Abu Zubaydah and Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri were destroyed . CNN 's Dugald McConnell contributed to this story .	NEW : Source says terror suspect has been considered mentally unstable Tapes found in 2007 show Ramzi Bin al-Shibh being questioned Suspect 's lawyer says he did n't know the tapes existed Bin al-Shibh is one of five 9/11 suspects facing trial
Washington  CNN  -- A Washington-based imam told CNN on Monday that alleged Fort Hood shooter Nidal Malik Hasan approached him for help finding a wife . Imam Yahya Hendi , the Muslim chaplain at Georgetown University , said Hasan came to him at least two years ago as the cleric conducted services at Bethesda Naval Hospital in Maryland . "  He said he wanted someone to help him serve , deploy and be understandable and understanding of his own military career , " Hendi said . "  He saw himself as someone ... continuing his service with the U.S. military till the end of his career . " The imam said he spoke with Hasan on at least two occasions about his search for a spouse . "  It 's not easy to find , in general , someone who will be willing to travel with you and deploy with you every two years , " Hendi said . "  But he did want a wife who would stand by him , is -LSB- a -RSB- loyal American , who will help him do his work and his service for the U.S. military . " The imam 's comments about Hasan 's search for someone who would remain with him throughout his military career were at odds with some statements by Hasan 's family . Relatives have said Hasan tried unsuccessfully to leave the military early -- requests that may have come after Hasan contacted Hendi . The cleric said he did try to help Hasan in his search , thinking of women he knew to whom he could introduce the Army psychiatrist , but he never heard from Hasan again . Authorities say Hasan opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood Army Post on November 5 , killing 13 people . Hasan , who was seriously wounded in the incident , was charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder -- charges that make him eligible for the death penalty . Two other imams have told CNN similar stories about Hasan 's search for a wife , and about his conservatism and apparent devotion to Islam -- but those accounts seem to be inconsistent with behavior Hasan exhibited in the last few months . The manager of a strip club near Fort Hood has told reporters that Hasan visited the club a handful of times , staying for several hours each time . "  You know , for me , everything that he did is against the teachings of Islam . Killing fellow soldiers , fellow citizen men and women , the shooting , the bloodshed , speaks of someone who did not understand his faith very well . Islam is against going to strip clubs , but it 's also against killing fellow citizens , " Hendi told CNN . When taken as a whole , Hasan 's actions in the weeks before the attack at Fort Hood -- the giving away of his possessions , his sometimes conservative dress in white Muslim clothing , and his previous defense of suicide bombings during presentations to classmates -- seem to be those of someone who was preparing for his own death , said CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen . "  I think what he was doing was sort of a jihadist ` death-by-cop , ' " said Bergen , who based his observations on news reports about Hasan . "  Here 's a guy who obviously had personal problems . He 's a loner , he avoids women basically , has few friends , and then grafted onto that , he finds sort of a jihadist ideology as a way of making sense of everything , and he decides to martyr himself . " Bergen and other experts say Hasan could be someone who engaged in what they call "  self-radicalization " : the idea that militant religion might provide an answer to psychological problems that someone already has . Hasan remained hospitalized in Texas , paralyzed from the waist down , his lawyer said . He was shot by a civilian police officer , who was also wounded in the attack .	Imam : Nidal Malik Hasan wanted wife who could deal with his military career Yahya Hendi is third imam to tell CNN Hasan asked for help finding wife Manager of strip club tells reporters Hasan visited there several times Hendi says strip club visits violate Islam -- and so does "  killing fellow citizens "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A California food processing plant is voluntarily recalling up to 1 million pounds of roasted pistachio products that may have been contaminated with salmonella , the Food and Drug Administration announced Monday . Salmonella strains were found last week during routine test by Kraft Foods , one company that purchased the nuts . The nuts came from Setton Farms in Terra Bella , California , about 75 miles south of Fresno . They were largely distributed in 2,000-pound containers to food wholesalers who would then package them for resale or incorporate them as ingredients in other products , such as ice cream and trail mix . No illnesses have been linked to this case , said Dr. David Acheson , FDA 's associate commissioner . But salmonella strains were found last week during routine test by Kraft Foods , one of about three dozen companies that purchase pistachios from Setton Farms , he said . Kraft notified the FDA on March 24 . Setton Farms did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . Acheson emphasized that unlike the recent case of salmonella-tainted peanut butter , this recall was not prompted by an sickness outbreak , saying the decision was a "  proactive " move . He said the FDA has received two recent complaints , from the East and West coasts , from people who say they became ill after eating pistachio products , but a link to Setton Farms has not been confirmed , he said . The FDA is advising consumers not to eat any pistachio products , but not to throw them out , either , because additional recalls are likely and having products that could be turned in would allow for easier tracing of contamination . The agency is setting up a Web site to update the public . Dr. Jeff Farrar , head of the California health department 's food and drug division , said it 's likely that the roasted pistachios will be found in a wide variety of products . He noted that Setton Farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the nation . Raw pistachios are roasted to a temperature that should kill salmonella , Acheson said . Because the roasted products tested positive for salmonella suggest cross-contamination with raw products . Acheson added that the Setton Farms recall is related to the one announced Friday by Kroger , a grocery store chain with stores in 31 states . Kroger recalled Private Selection shelled pistachios from its retail stores because of possible salmonella contamination . Kroger , in a statement Friday , said no illnesses have been reported in connection with the product . In February , Kroger was among retailers that recalled peanut products tied to the Peanut Corporation of America , a Virginia-based company accused by the FDA of knowingly selling peanut butter and peanut paste that was contaminated with salmonella . PCA 's peanut processing plant in Blakely , Georgia , is being investigated in connection with a salmonella outbreak that has sickened more than 500 people and has been linked to eight deaths .	The pistachios , mostly sold to wholesalers , came from Setton Farms in California Kraft is one of three dozen companies to purchase pistachios from Setton Farms No illnesses have been linked to this case so far Setton Farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the nation
Los Angeles  CNN  Federal agents on Tuesday raided more than three dozen "  maternity hotels " in Southern California where foreign women give birth , allegedly for the sole purpose of having a U.S.-citizen baby , authorities said . The "  maternity tourism " sites included apartment complexes in Los Angeles , Orange and San Bernardino counties where authorities believe the businesses housed the foreign nationals about to give birth , federal officials said . Those targeted residences are believed to have catered largely to women from China , who paid $ 15,000 to $ 50,000 for lodging , transportation and food , according to a statement by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Those fees do n't necessarily include medical care , authorities said . Authorities are looking for evidence of bringing in and harboring of undocumented visitors ; conspiracy , fraud and misuse of visas and permits ; tax evasion and false tax returns ; and willful failure to file report of foreign bank and financial accounts , court papers said . "  Based on the results of the investigations to date , it appears the women pay cash for prenatal visits and the actual delivery , " U.S. authorities said . "  As part of the package , clients were promised they would receive Social Security numbers and U.S. passports for their infants , which the mothers would take with them when they left the U.S. " Some of the packages included recreational trips to Disneyland , shopping malls and even to a firing range , authorities said . "  Any women encountered at the search locations will be interviewed and those identified as potential material witnesses will be directed when and where to report for further questioning , " authorities said Tuesday . Investigators were n't expected Tuesday to comment further on the outcome of the raids , said ICE spokeswoman Virginia Kice . In all , authorities obtained warrants for 37 locations and ended up searching more than 50 sites , including consensual searches , Kice said . The purported tourism businesses promoted themselves on the Internet and through social media , authorities said . One firm in Rancho Cucamonga , California , advertised in Chinese and branded itself as "  You Win USA Vacation Resort . " Operators of that firm could n't be immediately reached for comment Tuesday . Chinese women have been flocking to the United States to give birth , lured because the country grants American citizenship to anyone born on U.S. soil , CNN Money reported last month . That CNN Money account was cited in an affidavit filed Monday in a federal California court by Homeland Security Investigation agent Eric Blair , who asked a judge for a warrant to search Rancho Cucamonga apartment buildings for large sums of cash and evidence of contraband and a crime . The judge granted the warrant . Read one affidavit "  Perpetrators of visa fraud schemes typically charge $ 40,000 to $ 60,000 , which is a fee able to be paid by the wealthy in China , " Blair stated in court papers . In 2012 , about 10,000 Chinese women gave birth in the United States , more than double the 4,200 in 2008 , according to Chinese state media . Blair alleged that the birthing houses "  will generally advise foreign national clients to fly to tourism points of entry such as Hawaii or Las Vegas and to avoid traveling directly to Los Angeles International Airport . This advice is due to heightened security by  U.S. Customs and Border Protection  officials at LAX based on the volume of fraudulent visas and false statements and entry documents that CPB officials have experienced over the last decade related to birth tourism . " One operator of the alleged maternity tourism schemes in California was providing bank statements claiming he had monthly gross receipts of $ 213,968.79 and an annual income of $ 1,283,812.74 , Blair said in court papers . Those bank statements were provided by an Internal Revenue Service special agent , Blair said . Many of the families want an American child because a foreign passport could be the family 's ticket out of China if they grow weary of pollution or food safety scares . President Xi Jinping 's widespread anti-corruption campaign has given rich Chinese yet another reason to be on edge . "  If things become economically or politically uncertain in one 's country of origin , the children have a place to come to , " Leti Volpp , a law professor at the University of California , Berkeley , told CNN Money last month . The children can "  then sponsor their parents when they turn 21 , " Volpp said . The desire to leave China is especially pronounced among the wealthy . Almost two-thirds of Chinese with more than 10 million yuan  $ 1.6 million  in the bank have emigrated , or are planning to , according to a Hurun report released last year . One advertisement for a Hacienda Heights location "  claims that the apartments are extremely suitable for expectant mothers and their accompanying families , " Blair said in court documents . "  The apartment will allow expectant mothers to experience the American lifestyle during their stay . " In an interview with CNN Money in February , Felicia He , 27 , said she paid tens of thousands of dollars to give birth in California . That interview occurred well before Tuesday 's federal announcement of raids . "  I started getting ready for the trip around the end of my first trimester , " He said . "  I asked my friends who have given birth before in the U.S. for a doctor recommendation ; then I found a place to stay in the area for a few months , and purchased my plane ticket . " He , who gave birth last year , said a U.S. passport for her baby means access to better education opportunities . Foreign status opens the door to exclusive international schools in Beijing , where she lives with her husband , and the option for the child to study abroad for high school and college . There is one catch , though . Getting a U.S. passport for a baby means the child will eventually be responsible for U.S. taxes . CNN 's Sophia Yan in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	Authorities get warrants for 37 sites , search more than 50 locations in California The "  maternity tourism " sites are apartment complexes catering largely to pregnant women from China
CNN  -- In one of the most exclusive neighborhoods in northern Tehran , a Japanese-inspired garden with mini-waterfalls welcomes potential buyers to a newly built luxury apartment . The four bedroom , four bathroom unit boasts marble floors , a state of the art open kitchen , computerized lighting systems and amenities that rival five star hotels . It 's an apartment so posh visitors are required to wear sanitary shoe covers . With a market value close to $ 3.5 million , the need for guests to tread carefully is understandable . "  In my opinion it 's worth it , " says real estate agent Bahar Khalili . "  It 's one of the best apartments in Tehran . An exceptional building designed by the best developer in the city . " But for the past year this swanky home has sat empty without a buyer -- half the other units in the six-floor block are empty , too . So are tens of thousands of other apartments throughout Tehran , all for sale but sitting vacant without buyers . "  Right now we have a lot of apartments that are not sold and sitting empty because of high prices , " says Khalili . Housing prices in Tehran soared beginning in 2012 , soon after western powers imposed the toughest round of economic sanctions against Iran to curb its disputed nuclear program . The sanctions were a huge blow to Iran 's economy and when the value of Iranian currency took a nose dive and no one could figure out where the economy was going , many here poured their money into real estate . According to political analyst , Mohammad Ali Shabani , "  real estate became the best way to protect your money . " Khalili agrees with this sentiment . "  This is the safest investment you can make today , " she said . "  Real estate has always increased in value . We have one apartment that 's increased roughly $ 1,000 per square meter in the past five months . "  If someone wants to invest in Tehran and knows what he 's buying , it 's almost  a  certainty that 's a good investment . " But with Iran 's economic future still looking hard to predict and many Iranians lacking buying power , the market is at a standstill -- sellers not selling because they 're hoping prices go up . Buyers are not buying because they 're hoping prices go down . The outcome is a Tehran skyline full of empty apartments -- and investors still looking to buy and build despite very little demand . "  Sometimes you wonder how can people possibly build more apartments when nothing is selling , " said Khalili . But remarkably , it 's happening in Tehran because until the economy improves and housing prices start to stabilize , they believe , real estate is the safest place to invest .	Luxury apartments in Tehran are lying empty despite investors looking to buy Iran 's economy has been heavily affected by international sanctions Buyers are hoping prices go down and sellers are hoping prices go up
CNN  -- The sponsor of a top golf tournament in South Korea insists it is safe to go ahead despite two American players pulling out due to security fears . U.S. Ryder Cup stars Dustin Johnson and Zach Johnson withdrew from the Ballantine 's Championship Monday , citing concerns over recent tensions between North and South Korea . "  They have reached this decision following perceived unrest on the Korean Peninsula and can no longer assure their commitment to this year 's event , " Ballantine 's said in a statement on the website of the European Tour , which co-sanctions the tournament with the Asian Tour . Now held at the Blackstone course at Icheon , 60 kilometers south of the capital Seoul , the â ‚ ¬ 2,205,000  $ 2.85 million  event was the first staged in South Korea in 2008 on the island of Jeju . "  Ballantine 's and the European Tour would like to reiterate that the tournament is going ahead as planned with a full field of European , Asian and Korean PGA Tour members , " the statement added . "  Ballantine 's has been kept fully up to date on relevant issues and the European Tour has also been liaising with key decision makers , including the Foreign Office , who have not warned of any increased risk to those traveling to or within the country . World No. 30 Zach Johnson , who won the 2007 Masters , said he did not want to take the risk following North Korea 's recent threats against its neighbor and its move to test missiles and restart its nuclear program . "  It was one of those things where the women in my life really did n't feel like it was necessary for me to go , " the 37-year-old from Iowa told the Des Moines Register , referring to his wife , mother and young daughter . "  The posture and rhetoric that is taking place right now makes it not worth it . And it probably is just posture and rhetoric . However , I do n't want to take the chance . " World No. 19 Dustin Johnson , who played at the Korean event in 2011 , had similar concerns . "  I feel bad for the tournament , " said the 28-year-old , whose partner is Paulina Gretzky , the model daughter of ice hockey legend Wayne Gretzky . "  They were gracious and understanding . Hopefully it will work out in the future . " The tournament , which starts on Thursday , will feature three former major champions in South Africa 's world No. 6 Louis Oosthuizen , South Korean veteran Y.E. Yang and Britain 's Paul Lawrie .	Dustin Johnson and Zach Johnson withdraw from golf tournament in South Korea American golfers worried about recent tensions on the Korean Peninsula Tournament sponsor insists that the event can safely go ahead this week Ballantine 's Championship is co-sanctioned by European and Asian tours
CNN  -- American golfer Stacy Lewis banished the ghosts of her nightmare final round at the 2008 U.S. Open when she clinched the Kraft Nabisco Championship by three shots on Sunday . The 26-year-old , whose grandfather died on the eve of the tournament at Mission Hills in California , claimed the first title of her professional career in the first of four major events in the 2011 women 's season . "  Everybody in the family knew that he would have wanted me to finish out this week , " she told the LPGA website . "  I mean , he lived via my golf . He loved watching it on TV . He recorded it every week so he could keep watching it over and over again . "  But him and my grandma , they both got to see me play the whole round today and they were out there with me , for sure . " Lewis , who won an unofficial rain-shortened LPGA Tour event as an amateur in her native Arkansas in 2007 , had looked set to follow that up three years ago when she led the U.S. Open heading into the last day , but a final-round 78 ended her hopes of glory . It was a different story this time , though , as the world number 28 overhauled top-ranked defending champion Yani Tseng of Taiwan to finish on 13 under par after a round of 69 . "  It does n't even feel real yet , " said Lewis , who turned pro in 2008 four years after having a titanium rod and five screws put in her back to cure her teenage problems with scoliosis . "  I do n't know . I 'm still trying to figure out if I actually won , but I played so good today and I was just proud of the way I hung in there . " The victory was all but assured for Lewis on the 17th hole , when she held a tricky putt while three-time major winner Tseng recorded a bogey . "  Probably the look on my face was I was shocked it went in , too , honestly , " said Lewis of her finish on the penultimate hole . "  It was a putt you had to hit on the perfect line with the perfect speed for it to go in . " Tseng , who has won four titles already this year , closed with 74 to finish three shots back . "  I did my best . I tried my best today , and I did n't give her any shots today . So I hung in there until the last putt and smiled the whole way , whole day . So it was good and it was very good experience for me this time , " the 22-year-old said . "  Golf is golf , so this is normal . I just did n't play well . And hopefully next tournament will be good , and I just really want to congratulate Stacy . She did really awesome . " American Michelle Wie achieved her first top-10 finish at a major since 2006 after ending the weekend sixth on three-under following a closing 69 , leaving the 21-year-old one shot behind third-placed compatriots Katie Futcher , Morgan Pressel and Angela Stanford .	Stacy Lewis wins first career title at the Kraft Nabisco Championship in California The event is the first major on the women 's golfing calendar for 2011 The 26-year-old American overhauled world number one Yani Tseng of Taiwan Michelle Wie finishes sixth for her first top-10 placing in a major since 2006
CNN  -- A whole lot of us are stuck with credit-card debt that goes up each month , mortgages worth more than our homes and student loans that extend into infinity . So it 's only natural that we look at the debt crisis from the bottom up : from the perspective of the 99 % who are getting screwed . But what if we instead looked at this whole mess from the top down , from the point of view of the 1 % : the billionaires and venture capitalists in Mitt Romney 's world ? Maybe , just maybe , their problem is our problem . In fact , as I have come to see it , short of civilization-ending revolution , solving the debt crisis might actually mean saving the 1 % . They have the power and the money , they own our government , and they wo n't go down without taking everyone and everything else with them . Instead of backing them even further into the corner of fear and defensiveness , we need to help them find a way out . And that means helping them understand how they got there . The debt crisis is not entirely President Bush 's or President Obama 's fault . It 's not even Congress ' fault . It actually resulted from a short-term "  fix " to the economy made about 700 years ago . See , for pretty much the entire first millennium -- what we call the Middle Ages -- the 00.01 % , the feudal lords , enjoyed total control over the land and its people . The 99.99 % worked the land and served the lords , who created no value at all . But by around 1100 , the Crusades moved a whole lot of people and stuff around Europe . Peasants were exposed to sugar , cotton and all sorts of new weaving and milling technologies for the first time . Former peasant farmers started to get smarter and more productive . They established market days and traded what they grew and made with one another . They invented local currencies to store and exchange value instead of bartering . Local currency then worked very differently from the money we use today . Someone would simply bring grain they harvested to the grain store , and come out with a foil receipt . The receipt could be broken into smaller pieces , which served as money . Since some grain was lost to spoilage , the currency 's value went down over time . This meant it had to be spent instead of saved . So the money circulated very rapidly . People got wealthy , invested in upkeep on their windmills , paid one another good wages , and got taller . Little towns got so rich that they built cathedrals . That 's how a peer-to-peer economy works . Watch : "  Pawning " for rich people But the aristocrats were n't participating in any of this wealth . Without a dependent peasant class , they had no way to survive . They did n't know how to do anything themselves . They needed a way to make money simply by having money . So they came up with some ways to force new kinds of dependence . Their first trick was to outlaw local currency . If people wanted to trade among themselves , they would have to borrow money from the central treasury , with interest . Wars were fought , blood was spilled , but they got their way . We have all but forgotten that the money we use today is a monopoly currency that costs us more than it 's worth . The second great idea was the chartered monopoly : the corporation . It gave just one firm -- one friend of the king -- the authority to do business in a certain industry . The British East India Trading Company , for example , had all rights to cotton in America . A farmer was n't permitted to sell his cotton to neighbors , or to make it into anything . He had to sell it at fixed prices to the company , which shipped it to England and let some other chartered corporation make mittens and hats , which were then shipped back to America for sale . That 's why we fought the Revolution . The problem with this scheme is that it works by stifling innovation and competition . The wealthy stay wealthy by extracting value instead of creating it . The more value they extract , the more laws they write protecting the rights and privileges of the extractors . As companies like General Electric realized , it was better to sell off productive assets and become more like a bank . The system was created for people who have money to make money . The value creators are the chumps . The most surprising victims in this whole saga , however , are the corporations themselves . You think you 're scared ? Talk to the heads of America 's corporations . They have sucked all the money out of the system , and do n't know how to create any more . According to Deloitte , asset profitability for American firms has steadily fallen 75 % over the last 40 years . In other words , corporations have managed to absorb all the money , but they do n't know how to do anything with it . They have no skills , no competencies and no vision . It 's not the 99 % who need to retrain themselves in order to get jobs . It 's the 1 % who need to face the fact that their 600-year workaround of the value creation has reached the very endpoint of diminishing returns . They need to consider whether they might actually make more money at this stage of the game by helping people create value instead of actively preventing it . What would that look like ? Right now , companies like Google , eBay , Square , Kickstarter and even PayPal and Apple are at least pointed in the right direction . They create and sell tools and services that give people and small businesses the ability to create and exchange value with one another again . They understand that real value creation comes by fostering the peer-to-peer transactions of a bottom-up marketplace rather than simply repressing such activity . But we , the 99 % , are the only ones who can show them the way . We need to begin by abandoning the fruitless quest for gainful corporate employment , and instead start working for ourselves and one another . We must stop outsourcing our savings and investments to bankrupt corporations , and instead invest in the people and businesses in our own communities -- however we define those . In doing so , we will very quickly create demand for the kinds of networks , supply chains and services that only larger companies can provide . We will give the 1 % an opportunity to re-educate themselves , to find a path to success , and -- for the first time in centuries -- to experience the guilt-free satisfaction of working for a living . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff says the richest people tend to make money from finance He says historically , aristocracy took control from peasants of currency and its value Over time , they learned how to extract value and forgot how to create it , he says Rushkoff : The 1 % could play a key role in new ways of creating value
LifeWire  -- Nancy Dunetz , who teaches English as a second language in New York City , sat down in the school staff room to check her e-mail . One of the messages in her inbox was from an acquaintance she 'd been corresponding with since their 50th high school reunion last year . In a survey of 4,000 people , about a third said they had accidentally sent an e-mail to the wrong person . But this e-mail last June did n't contain chummy banter or reminiscences . It simply included a lewd photo of a partly unclothed young man . The file name of the picture was "  Mid East Hottie . " "  I was shocked ! " says Dunetz , 68 . She hastily closed the e-mail and tried to erase the image from her mind . Later that day , the sender e-mailed an apology to her and two dozen others who had received the e-mail . He explained he 'd been experimenting with his new computer and was trying to figure out how to add attachments to an e-mail , Dunetz says . In doing so , he attached an image from his desktop and tried to send it to himself . Instead , the e-mail program automatically filled in an entire group from his address book -- something he apparently did n't realize until after he hit the "  send " button . "  I felt terrible for him , " Dunetz says . "  I could imagine just how mortified he must have been . " With some 55 billion e-mails being sent daily  not including spam  , according to e-mail archiving company The Radicati Group , misdirected e-mails have become the online equivalent of a wrong number . They 're unavoidable , annoying -- and often embarrassing . The ` uh-oh ' e-mail In a recent online survey conducted by AOL , 32 percent of the 4,000 respondents have at one time or another mistakenly forwarded an e-mail to an unintended recipient . And often , it 's something not so nice . Karla Comer , an account executive at an ad agency in Greensboro , North Carolina , knows just how embarrassing that can be . In 2004 , Comer met a guy at a concert and went out with him a few times , but ultimately realized she was n't interested . "  He was just awkward and clumsy . And sometimes I 'd catch him staring at me , which really creeped me out , " she says . She tried to end the relationship by simply not returning his phone calls . "  But then he e-mailed and casually said that he had not heard from me in a while and he hoped everything was fine but just assumed I was busy , " says Comer , 31 . "  Before I returned his e-mail , I sent the message to a close girlfriend with a blurb about what an idiot I thought he was and that dating him was a bad idea because he had no understanding of social cues . " She thought she sent the "  he 's an idiot " e-mail only to her girlfriend . To her horror , Comer says , the spurned beau replied a few minutes later , calling her some not-so-sweet names and suggesting that she "  share THIS e-mail with your friends . " "  I was speechless , " says Comer , who chose to not respond . "  But eventually I was able to laugh at it . " When errant e-mails are sent at work , however , there 's often much more at stake than personal embarrassment . Three years ago , Jamie Diamond , 33 , e-mailed his then-boss to ask about a client at the public relations firm where he was working . His boss wrote back , criticizing the client as incompetent and urging Diamond to "  go around him if you want to get anything done . " Unfortunately , Diamond says , she also sent the e-mail to the client -- oops , make that ex-client . "  One click , and suddenly we 'd lost a $ 5 million account , " says Diamond , who is now self-employed as a publicist in Williams , Oregon . Can you turn back time ? Short of erasing someone 's memory , there is no surefire way to retrieve a missent e-mail . Microsoft Outlook has a "  recall " function that can erase unread e-mails from the in-box of the recipient -- as long as the recipient is using the same mail client or server as the sender -- as does AOL , but only for messages between AOL users .  Both AOL and CNN are divisions of Time Warner . Then there 's BigString.com , an e-mail service which lets you tinker with  or even erase  messages that have already been sent by having the sender write e-mails that are created , stored and viewed on a remote server , where they can be edited or revoked at any time ; recipients are actually accessing the e-mail on the remote server when they read the message , even though it looks like a regular e-mail . But old-fashioned vigilance is probably the best way to avert these snafus in the first place . Roger Matus , CEO of e-mail archiving company InBoxer Inc. and keeper of the blog Death By Email , believes the easiest way to avoid these mistakes is to forget that the "  reply all " button even exists . "  Simply put , there is rarely a real reason to use it , " he says . "  Often , when you hit it , you end up e-mailing people who were blind carbon copied without realizing . " Matus offers the following tips on avoiding e-mail embarrassment : • Type out the person 's full name when addressing your e-mail . If you type just the first few letters and let your e-mail program fill out the rest based on your address book , it could easily misroute your message without your realizing it . • Double-check the addresses of your intended recipients before you hit "  send . " Do you really want all the people to get this particular message ? • Be sure to notify your company 's legal department if there is any chance that governance , compliance or privacy regulations were violated as a result of something you sent by mistake . • Immediately notify the person who received the e-mail that it was a mistake and , if possible , ask them not to read the message -- or at least to delete it right away . LifeWire provides original and syndicated content to Web publishers . Anna Jane Grossman is a freelance writer in New York City .	Author shares embarrassing stories of e-mail sent to wrong person "  One click , and suddenly we 'd lost a $ 5 million account , " says publicist Service called BigString.com lets e-mailers tinker with or erase messages Expert 's advice : Type recipient 's full name and never use reply-all
CNN  -- Let 's imagine that yesterday there was a front page story in The New York Times that read the following : "  The recent economic crisis left the top 1 % of Americans in 2010 with no more wealth than in the early 1990s , erasing almost two decades of accumulated prosperity , the Federal Reserve said Monday . " "  A hypothetical family richer than the median net worth of the top 1 % of the nation 's families had a net worth of $ 77.3 million in 2010 , compared with $ 126.4 million in 2007 , the Fed said . The crash of the stock market , in addition to the collapse of housing prices in Greenwich , Connecticut , the Upper East Side of New York City , Beverly Hills , Highland Park in Dallas and the North Shore of Chicago , directly accounted for three-quarters of the loss . " What do you think the reaction would be to that ? The elite would call for the suspension of habeas corpus , the government would call out the National Guard , invade Honduras and the Supreme Court would announce that it is in session 24/7 to take any action deemed necessary to help their friends . The Wall Street Journal would have a black border on the newspaper . The Financial Times would go from pink to gray . CNBC would play funeral music for nine months . Steve Schwarzman would compare it to the H-word . Cable networks would roadblock all coverage . Minimum wage laws would be suspended , the 40-hour work week would be thrown out , perhaps they would even do away with child labor laws to get productivity up so profits could increase to make up for lost revenue . OK , we know that story did not appear in Wednesday 's New York Times , and we would certainly agree that a massive loss of wealth in the top 1 % would wreak economic havoc on the country . But there was , if anything , a worse story on that front page with only minor variations from our hypothetical scenario . The story said that the recent economic crisis left the average American family in 2010 with no more wealth than in the early 1990s , erasing almost two decades of accumulated prosperity , reducing their net worth by almost 40 % . How are you coping ? Share your economy story with CNN iReport And the response of the national elite , the people Paul Krugman refers to as "  very smart people " or I like to call the "  chin-scratchers , " was a barely audible whimper . To put it bluntly , the middle class in this country has been screwed , blued and tattooed . Rising health care costs , job insecurity , declining real estate values , massive cuts to public education and public safety  no Mitt , we do n't need fewer police officers , we actually need more of them and yes , the federal government has a large hand in this . It is a depressing state of affairs when about two-thirds of our fellow citizens are caught in an economic trap that is wrecking their lives financially and emotionally . And the reaction to all of this has been limp at best . The Republicans say that if we just give the rich more tax cuts , it will make everyone 's life better -- seems as though we 've tried this before , does n't it ? The Democrats have done some things that have been helpful , such as payroll tax cuts and the Affordable Care Act , but there is much more work to be done . As far as other institutions around the country , the response has been pathetic . Opinion : Why the middle class has taken a big hit There is an entire industry devoted to denying that this is even a problem . I read a piece written by Andy Kessler in The Wall Street Journal , stating that thanks to "  consumption equality , " the wealthy work their 60 - to 80-hour weeks inventing things for the masses , but there 's not much they can buy with their money that the middle class ca n't afford . You can only afford a product , because some rich person invented it for the masses , just like they did with smartphones , hard drives and affordable air travel . Who cares if you ca n't afford to send your children to college or pay for your health insurance premium or what you owe on your house is more than what it 's worth ? Hey , you can buy them a cell phone , now that they do n't cost $ 4,000 , and talk to them as they stand in line for a job interview at McDonald 's . Where are our nation 's institutions that should be raising holy hell about this ? Lets start with my own Catholic Church : They are spending all of their time hunting down masturbators and birth-control takers . Academics : Have you ever heard of the Princeton Center for Middle Class Studies ? Not hardly . The press : There is much more coverage on George Zimmerman 's wife than on the destruction of the middle class in this country . The lobbyists : Give me a break . When was the last time you heard of a lobbyist for the middle class ? The point here is that we are reading the most significant economic story of our time and its effect on the psyche of the people who should know better is minimal . In the words of Warren Buffett , "  There 's class warfare , all right , but it 's my class , the rich class , that 's making war , and we 're winning . " The big scandal in America is that our middle class is shrinking , and no one seems to care . Maybe someone somewhere somehow should consider doing something else . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Carville .	Federal Reserve reported the net worth of middle-class Americans fell to 1992 levels James Carville : If the wealthy had suffered as much , there would be national panic He says politicians , clergy , academics , media too often ignore middle class Carville : The scandal is the middle class is shrinking and no one seems to care
EW  -- Once upon a time , "  Newsies " was a movie musical starring Christian Bale that flopped at the box office and with critics when it was released by The Walt Disney Company in 1992 . Today , "  Newsies " is a lauded Broadway musical smash starring Jeremy Jordan in the role played by Bale in the film , which despite failure inspired a passionate cult of fans who call themselves "  Fansies . " No one is more surprised by this turn of events than Bale himself . "  These things never make any sense , " the Oscar-winning actor and Hollywood 's current Batman told EW in a recent interview . "  I 'm incredibly happy for them . They 're having the success our movie never had . " In case you 're not a "  Fansie " and your memory of the movie has dimmed like faded newsprint , Newsies was set against the historical backdrop of the New York City newsboy strike of 1899 and featured songs by Alan Menken and J.A.C. Redford . Bale was 17 years old when he played the part of 17-year-old Jack Kelly , who hawked copies of the New York World with tactics as dubious and gotcha ! as the era 's yellow journalism . When media moguls Joseph Pulitzer and William Randolph Hearst decided to make their newspaper boys pay more for the papers they sell , Jack rallied his fellow paperboys to strike . Complications ensued , resolution was achieved , and the "  Newsies " danced . In 2011 , Disney Theatrical Productions began work on a stage version with songs by Menken and Jack Feldman and a book by Harvey Fierstein . "  Newsies The Musical " opened on Broadway last March to sell-outs and acclaim . It earned eight Tony nominations and won two  best choreography , best original score  . No , Bale has n't seen the show â $ " and he says he has no plans to do so . Why ? "  I 'm not really into musicals , " Bale responded . "  But I wish them the best . And I 'm sure the person playing the character I played exceeded whatever I did , and congratulations to them . " Would it be personally difficult to watch another actor perform the part , and perform it with greater success ? "  No , no , no . That would n't be hard . I 'm going to be having to do it with Batman , " says Bale , whose final turn as the caped crusader , "  The Dark Knight Rises , " opens July 20 . Referring to reports that Warner Bros. intends to quickly reboot the Batman franchise with a new director and star , Bale adds : "  They 're going to rejuvenate it soon , and I 'll have to be watching someone else play Batman . I 'll be fascinated . I 'll be fascinated to see which way they go , which choices that actor makes . " Unless , of course , the new Batman sings . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Christian Bale starred in the 1992 film "  Newsies " Bale says he has no desire to see the musical based on the movie "  Newsies The Musical " opened on Broadway last March to sell-outs and acclaim
CNN  -- In English soccer it is an offense that is taken as seriously as almost any other -- diving . And once again , it is controversial Liverpool striker Luis Suarez in the firing line . After their Premier League clash on Saturday , Stoke manager Tony Pulis called for the Uruguayan to be banned by the Football Association , for what he saw as Suarez 's "  embarrassing " attempt to win a penalty . It is not the first time Suarez has been accused of play acting but his manager Brendan Rodgers has launched an impassioned defense of his star player , claiming that coverage of his fall has overshadowed a stamping incident earlier in the match . Stoke 's German defender Robert Huth appeared to tread on Suarez during a tangle at Anfield , leaving the striker with a stud mark on his chest , but the FA has decided not to take any action against the German . And through the club 's official website , Rodgers has expressed his frustration that all the focus is on Suarez , and not Huth . "  I find it incredible that in nearly all the coverage about Luis Suarez this weekend , very little focus has been placed on the fact that he was actually the victim of a stamping incident within the first five minutes of the game , " said Rodgers . "  At this moment there seems to be one set of rules for Luis and another set for everyone else . " Pulis ' Stoke team has a reputation as being one of the most physical sides in the English Premier League and only two weeks ago he labeled two Chelsea players "  laughable " for what he saw as contrived attempts to win a penalty . The Welshman implored the authorities to clamp down on players who dive and told reporters a three-match ban would stop them from "  falling over . " "  Suarez is a fantastic player with great ability , " he added . "  He is a handful and he is the one player we are frightened to death about . "  What happens is that he puts enormous pressure on the referee . Every time he goes down , you have got 40,000-odd Liverpool supporters getting after the referee and I do n't think that 's right . It is a tough enough job as it is . " Suarez has become one of the league 's most talked about players since joining Liverpool from Dutch club Ajax in January 2011 . He is also one of its most divisive . The 25-year-old was banned for eight Premier League matches after being found guilty of racially abusing Manchester United defender Patrice Evra last year . His technical ability means he is always closely guarded by opposition teams , and Liverpool have complained in the past he does n't get enough preotection from the officials . Rodgers thinks Saturday 's incident with Huth is a perfect illustration of that . In the Liverpool manager 's opinion , Suarez is being persecuted . He added : "  Diving and simulation is obviously a wider issue in football and one that we all agree has to be eradicated from our game but there were other incidents this weekend that did n't seem to generate the same coverage . "  No one should be distracted by the real issue here , both at Anfield and at another game played on Sunday , when Luis and another player were hurt in off-the-ball incidents that went unpunished but were caught on TV cameras . "  I believe some people need to develop a sense of perspective and I also believe in this moment the vilification of Luis is both wrong and unfair . "	Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers defends Luis Suarez as striker is accused of diving Uruguayan appeared to go to ground in match versus Stoke under no contact Rodgers says Suarez was stamped on by Stoke defender Robert Huth Stoke manager Tony Pulis called for Suarez to be punished for what he saw as a dive
London  CNN  -- In an era of porn star politicians , legalized marijuana trade and same-sex marriage , it might seem that our liberalism knows no bounds . But this idea runs aground at the door of the bathroom , a subject still abjured in polite society . "  Nobody knows better than me , " laughs Professor Barbara Penner , Senior Lecturer at The Bartlett School of Architecture and a leading toilet specialist . "  Everybody asks why I do n't talk about Shakespeare or something nice . It 's hard to talk about toilets in a serious or critical way . " But the author of Bathroom 2014 wants us to try , because she believes there is something deeply unhealthy about the way we perceive and relate to our most intimate facilities . In a new exhibition Toilets : Evolution or Revolution , hosted by Japanese manufacturer TOTO as part of the London Design Festival , Penner critiques the designs that have dominated the era , as well as exploring the possibilities of more progressive ideas . "  We tend to think of our model as normal and natural , " says Penner . "  An underlying aim of the exhibition is to make people think why a toilet looks the way it does , and how else it could look . " The collection of classic images shows the dominance of the modernist aesthetic over the 20th Century in the West , which the professor defines as : "  white , functional and utilitarian ... the toilet was a symbol of modernist values of hygiene and cleanliness , supposed to represent progressive civilization . " Penner contrasts this with ancient civilizations such as Rome , with its culture of communal bathing , and contemporary mores abroad , such as the Indian disregard for privacy . She highlights the futuristic designs of Buckminster Fuller , who envisioned a portable bathroom with inbuilt recycling features in his Dymaxion house . The exhibition also charts the emergence of alternatives to the "  hard , unyielding , standardized space " of modernists , which placed greater emphasis on pleasure and style , placing bathrooms on a par with other rooms of the house . From the soft shapes and warm colors that accompanied the 1960 's sexual revolution , to the incorporation of technology in Sanyo 's self-cleaning bath of the 1970 's - subsequently adapted for nursing homes - innovation thrived in the post-war period . Today , the modernist style has endured , but is being updated with technology advances that also change and personalize the experience , shown in Toto 's display models of self-cleaning , germ-killing , temperature-controlled , resource-efficient "  Cadillac " models . But to popularize a new concept requires cultural change that allows openness about the subject . "  It happened with sex and now I believe toilets are the final frontier of taboo " , says Penner , who believes we have something approach a psychological disorder . "  I would characterize it as schizophrenia . We lavish money on bathrooms , it 's common for people to spend $ 25,000 on them ... but in public they are supposed to be invisible . " An imperative to increase our engagement with our bathrooms comes from resource scarcity , which makes the 50 liters of potable water lost with every flush ever less affordable . Penner highlights California 's drought , which has driven a movement to recycle toilet water for drinking , as an example of the need to move beyond "  flush and forget " . Whether it is through low-tech , off-grid systems , closed-loop recycling , or luxurious experiences for the indulgent , new concepts for bathrooms are finally arriving to meet modern challenges . If only we could face them .	Toilets : Evolution or Revolution explores our relationships with these intimate facilities In the exhibit , Barbara Penner , a leading toilet specialist , criticizes the dominant modernist toilet design According to Penner , newer toilet innovations wo n't catch on until people are more open about discussing them
The first overseas tour by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge -- North America -- was an undisputed triumph . The couple , still basking in the glow of their globally televised wedding , drew vast crowds throughout Canada and California . Will their hosts in Southeast Asia be charmed as easily ? Here 's my best guess as to where and when the likely highlights will be . The most poignant moment would undoubtedly be at the start of the tour in Singapore . In 1997 , the Singapore Botanic Gardens named an orchid after Prince William 's mother , Diana , with the intention of presenting it to her on her next visit -- but she died before she had a chance to see it . William completed what Diana could not on the first day of his tour Tuesday . He and his wife also had an orchid named after them . The next stop , Malaysia , will take on a more excitable tone -- and it 's all about Catherine . A bigger population means bigger crowds , and the British High Commission is doing what it can to whip up interest by tweeting details of where you can rub shoulders with the couple . The Duchess will give only her second public speech at a hospice in Kuala Lumpur . Public speaking does n't come naturally to Catherine , but she clearly wants to make the hospice movement a key part of her public role : her first public speech as a royal was at East Anglia 's Children 's Hospices , the hospice charity she supports in the UK . Catherine will be more comfortable on Thursday night for what 's set to be the most glamorous evening of the tour : full frocks and rocks for a state dinner hosted by the King of Malaysia , whose name -- Almu ` tasimu Billahi Muhibbuddin Tuanku Alhaj Abdul Halim Mu'adzam Shah Ibni Almarhum Sultan Badlishah -- takes some getting used to . Luckily for the Duke and Duchess , the king -- who attended Oxford University -- speaks fluent English . From the city to the jungles of Borneo on Saturday and the couple will visit a conservation project in Sabah , recommended to them by Prince Charles , who shares a passion for the environment with his eldest son . Royal photographers are holding out for an encounter with orangutans as the couple negotiate rope bridges high up in the forest canopy . On Sunday , expect a big South Pacific welcome in the Solomon Islands and a canoe trip to paradise . After a series of formal engagements , the Duke and Duchess will spend the night at the luxury Tuvanipupu resort before heading off to their final destination : the remote island of Tuvalu , where the Queen is head of state and her husband , Prince Philip , is revered as a god . When William 's grandparents visited Tuvalu they were carried on the shoulders of warriors , creating one of the abiding images of the Queen 's 60-year reign . The Duke and Duchess are likely to get the same treatment when they arrive there next week as they cement their role as the next generation of British -- and Tuvaluan -- royalty .	Duke and Duchess of Cambridge hope to repeat success of their North America tour Stops on their itinerary include Singapore , Malaysia and Borneo Final stop is Tuvalu , where Prince William 's grandfather , Prince Philip , is revered as a god
CNN  -- Denny McLain is a recognizable name to almost any baseball fan , especially in Detroit , where he played most of his MLB career . But even his best friends do n't recognize him after a 162-pound weight loss . "  I met a friend yesterday . I had n't seen him in a year . He was sitting two tables across from me , " McLain said . "  He did n't recognize me . He finally said , ` It 's not you , only half of you . ' I said , ` The other half is gone . " When McLain broke into pro baseball , he weighed around 185 pounds . He was known during his playing days for consuming a case of Pepsi every day . This habit , he said , added 10 pounds a year to his 6-foot-1-inch frame . McLain made a life-changing decision to have bariatric surgery last June . Bariatric surgery can be done a few different ways -- either by reducing the size of the stomach with a gastric band , by removing a portion of the stomach  often called a sleeve gastrectomy  or by resecting and re-routing the small intestines to a small stomach pouch , known as gastric bypass surgery . McLain had a sleeve gastrectomy . McLain said his stomach once weighed about 55 ounces . It now weighs about 4 ounces . Since the surgery , McLain has lost 162 pounds . He wo n't say exactly what he weighs now , but "  it 's the closest I have ever been to my playing days weight . " "  He 's doing remarkable , " said McLain 's physician , Dr. Carl Pesta . "  He 's followed the plan . He 's stayed on the plan . " While concern for his health played a role , McLain said it was his wife 's condition , not his , that prompted him to make this major life change . Sharon McLain was diagnosed with Parkinson 's Disease a year ago . "  The quickness of the disease has been quite shocking , " McLain said . "  My doctors both took me aside and said , ` Sharon is sick . Two things can happen . One is good . One is bad . The good thing : You have heart attack and die . Bad news : If you have a stroke and do n't die , who is going to take care of you ? How much help can you be ? ' " McLain said his wife has an athlete 's competitive nature in her , thanks in part to her father . Lou Boudreau was an eight-time MLB all-star as a player , and manager and member of Baseball 's Hall of Fame . Sharon has lost her sense of balance , McLain said , and has difficulty walking . But she 's "  a fighter . " "  It 's a battle every day , " he said of Parkinson 's . "  You never have two good days in a row . " McLain only eats one meal a day , snacking on nuts and drinking flavored water the rest of the day . upwave : Try it now ! Drink more water challenge "  That 's not a diet I would recommend for every  one  , but it seems to work for him , " Pesta said . "  He has his energy back ; he is moving well . " McLain was known as a carefree player on and off the field , though he had his share of ups and downs . In 1968 , he became the last pitcher to win 31 games in a season  a record many think never will be broken due to the different handling of pitchers today  . He was the Cy Young winner , the Most Valuable Player Award winner and on the cover of Time magazine that season . He was also an excellent organist -- a talent that evolved into a side career , including an endorsement deal for Hammond Organs , playing on "  The Ed Sullivan Show , " headlining performances in Las Vegas , and cutting a pair of albums . In true McLain style , he bought his own airplane and learned to fly it himself . He was also suspended in 1970 for being linked to a gambling ring . He has served time in prison twice , for cocaine possession in 1985 and for embezzlement and money laundering in 1996 . He was in bankruptcy court three times . His wife divorced him during his second prison stint , but the couple remarried after his release . In 1992 , his oldest daughter , Kristin McLain-Sutherland , was killed by a drunk driver , only three days after her wedding day . On the day McLain spoke to CNN , it was the anniversary of her death . "  We 've only had two bumps -- the day I lost my daughter , a monster bump , and the last 13 to14 months , with Sharon 's illness , " he said . "  Life throws bumps at everybody . " While his wife cheered for McLain during his playing days , now it 's the other way around . "  The worst part is the depression , such serious depression , " McLain said of her diagnosis . "  Nobody likes to live like this . You need cheerleaders around you all the time . " It 's easier for him to be there for her now with his weight loss . "  I was in a wheelchair 75 % of the time " before the surgery , he said . "  I have a real bad right knee -- when you are carrying around another 162 pounds , it really took its toll . I was embarrassed by that . " McLain now mentors others who have gone through the bariatric procedure . "  You have to deal with it , " he tells them . "  Anybody out there who has this problem , we can call it ` being fat ' or ` heavyset ' or ` big boned ' -- whatever you want to call it . I was fat . We 're all kind of sheepish about it . " McLain now fills his days with public appearances , promoting his two books , "  Nobody 's Perfect , " and "  I Told You Nobody 's Perfect . " He also keeps up with his seven grandchildren , attending many of their sporting events . And he helps raise money for other causes , including the Ted Williams Museum in Florida . Williams was manager of the Washington Senators ; he and McLain often battled during McLain 's short stint with the team . "  It 's been 35 years since I have been in this sort of shape , " he said . "  I can do things now I could never do . "	Denny McLain was an MLB pitcher for the Detroit Tigers McLain had a sleeve gastrectomy after his wife was diagnosed with Parkinson 's McLain has lost 162 pounds since the surgery
CNN  -- A young male pulled a handgun Friday afternoon inside a Philadelphia high school gymnasium , firing and hitting two fellow students , police said . The injured boy and girl , each 15 , were transported in stable condition after being shot in the arm just before 3:30 p.m. , Philadelphia police Lt. John Stanford said . The students were among about seven in the Delaware Valley Charter High School gym at that time -- some playing basketball , others in one corner -- according to city police Commissioner Charles Ramsey . "  The suspect is part of that group , " Ramsey said . Both victims appeared to have been struck once inside the gym of Delaware Valley Charter High School , said Stanford . Ramsey said that authorities did n't know yet if they were struck by the same bullet or more than one , noting that no shell was found at the scene . He described their wounds as non-life threatening . The school went into lockdown as law enforcement officers cleared it and hunted for the suspect , who had left the building , according to Stanford . The police lieutenant said students were searched and then let out of the school . He also said surveillance video had captured the incident . A short time later , Philadelphia police tweeted they had a suspect in custody . Officer Jillian Russell , a police spokeswoman , said he was 17 years old . Ramsey later said authorities were able to "  identify him right away , " after which officers were sent to his home . "  We were able to grab him , " the police commissioner said . "  We did not recover the gun , but we do have him in custody and he has been positively identified . " But a few hours later , Stanford said that young man was not the shooter as police initially thought , though he was at the scene . He was "  completely cleared by investigators and released " later that night , the police lieutenant said . By then , Philadelphia police had announced they were "  still looking for additional suspects . " This includes searching for a weapon possibly used in the shooting in trash cans , along the tracks and other spots around the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority 's Olney station , SEPTA spokesman Andrew Busch said . While a gun had n't been found by 9 p.m. , Stanford said one of the two young males authorities had been looking for had turned himself in . A third male wanted by police had been expected to do the same but had not turned himself in as of 10:45 p.m. , added the police spokesman . All three youths are Delaware Valley Charter High School students . It is not clear if any of them are , in fact , the shooter . No one had been charged as of Friday night . Asked about what might have prompted the shooting , Ramsey said , "  We do n't know the motives -- do n't know if it was an accident , do n't know if it was intentional . " Located in the Olney section of Philadelphia , Delaware Valley Charter High School is open to any student who lives in the city . In its 2011 annual report to the state Department of Education , the school noted that it moved into its new facility in June 2006 and reported significant growth in reading and math test scores in recent years . Friday 's incident was at least the second shooting at or near a school this week . In New Mexico on Tuesday , a 12-year-old student with a sawed off , 20-gauge pump shotgun opened fire in a crowded gymnasium at Berrendo Middle School , according to authorities . Two students were seriously injured and the shooter was in custody . Ramsey , the Philadelphia police commissioner , acknowledged that such shootings are "  happening across our country all too often , and it 's just got to stop . " "  When  people send their kids to school , they should n't have to pick them up at the hospital , " Ramsey added . "  I mean , these kind of things just absolutely should not happen . " CNN 's Jason Carroll , Poppy Harlow , Cristy Lenz , Haley Draznin , Kevin Conlon and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	NEW : Police : Student initially identified as the shooter is "  cleared and released " NEW : One wanted student had n't turned himself in by late Friday as expected Suspect opened fire in a Philadelphia high school gym around 3:30 p.m. One male , one female student were shot in the arm , according to police
CNN  -- New Zealand turned on the style to beat England 26-7 in Sunday 's final of the Hong Kong Sevens as they ran in four tries in a comprehensive victory . The New Zealand triumph -- their fifth since 2000 in the prestigious event -- took them back to the top of the HSBC Sevens World Series -- with two rounds of the nine remaining . England , who beat two-time holders Fiji in the semifinal , were always on the back foot in the finale of the three-day tournament and scored a lone try through Tom Powell . Blog : Olympic fever grips HK Rugby Sevens But New Zealand breached their defense regularly as Ben Lam , Tim Mikkelson , captain DJ Forbes and Sam Dickson crossed in a dominant display . "  It is a great feeling , " coach Gordon Tietjen told the official tournament website . "  My captain leads so well from the front , he was simply amazing . And also the other players linked in with him , we played a good final . "  This will certainly help in going towards winning that title . " In the earlier playoff for third place , Fiji gained some consolation for their semifinal setback by beating Australia 21-12 . South Africa beat Wales 19-14 in the Plate Final and are the nearest challengers to New Zealand in the battle for overall honors , trailing by seven points in the standings , with Fiji in third . Tournaments in Scotland and England in May will complete the world series .	New Zealand win Hong Kong Rugby Sevens title Beat England 26-7 in Sunday 's final New Zealand back to top of HSBC Sevens World series Fiji beat Australia for third place
CNN  -- The father of a missing 11-year-old girl New Hampshire girl pleaded for her safe return Sunday , six days after she was last seen in her home . Local , state and federal investigators continue to look for Celina Cass , with searches being conducted "  by air , by land , by water " in and around the girl 's hometown of West Stewartstown , New Hampshire Senior Assistant Attorney General Jane Young said Sunday . She noted that authorities , which include FBI members , had received more than 400 leads as of early Sunday evening but , "  at this point , we still have not discovered Celina . " The community of about 1,000 people borders Vermont , and is also very close to the Canadian border . "  We are working tirelessly to bring her home , " Young said . The girl 's father , Adam Laro , said Sunday that he 's recovering after being recently released from the hospital -- sending a message to his girl that "  Daddy is OK now , I 'm getting much better . " He did not detail why he had been hospitalized . He added that he , like others , is "  wondering where my daughter is " and hoping she is safe . "  Whenever you want to come home , Celina , Daddy will be here waiting for you , " Laro said . Celina was last seen in her room , at her computer , at about 9 p.m. Monday night , according to police . WMUR reported that her parents told authorities the girl was gone when they went to wake her up Tuesday morning . Friends have set up a Facebook page , "  Missing Celina Cass , " with one of the fliers serving as a profile picture . According to the flier , Celina is 5 feet , 5 inches tall and weighs 95 pounds , with long brown hair and brown eyes . She was last seen wearing a pink shirt , pink pullover and blue shorts . Young said Sunday that investigators consider this a "  missing persons " case . Authorities have offered few further details on the case , and an Amber Alert has not been issued . Among other pieces of potential evidence , Young has said investigators are looking at computer and phone records , trying to find clues .	Celina Cass , 11 , was last seen last Monday night inside her home Authorities have gotten over 400 leads , but still do n't know where she is Her father says : "  Whenever you want to come home ... Daddy will be waiting "
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal and second seed Roger Federer are through to the quarterfinals of the Monte Carlo Masters after straight sets victories on Thursday . Top seed Nadal , who is aiming for a remarkable seventh successive win on the Monaco clay , saw off local favorite and 13th seed Richard Gasquet 6-2 6-4 in 93 minutes . "  I 'm very happy how I played today , " Nadal told the official ATP Tour website . "  I think I played much better than yesterday . "  In general , I think it was a very positive victory against a very difficult opponent , " continued the Spaniard . Gasquet , who hails from nearby Nice , has now lost all his eight matches against Nadal , who is unbeaten in Monte Carlo since 2003 . Federer was also in impressive form as he cruised past 15th-seeded Croat Marin Cilic 6-4 6-3 . "  Today was another solid performance , which I 'm very happy about . I 'm happy that I 'm solid on my serve , " said the Swiss . "  That allows me then to get an opportunity , when I 'm returning , which could be the set if I can then break , " he added . Third seed Andy Murray maintained his revival with a 6-3 6-3 success over Gilles Simon while fourth seed David Ferrer of Spain continued his progress by crushing Canadian Milos Raonic , who made a staggering 40 unforced errors , 6-1 6-3 . Meanwhile , 11th seed Viktor Troicki is also through to the last eight after opponent Tommy Rodrebo was forced to pull out with a thigh injury while leading 6-3 1-2 . There was a shock when Ivan Ljubicic upset Czech fifth seed Tomas Berdych 6-4 6-2 -- and the Croatian veteran must now face the daunting challenge of stopping Nadal from reaching the semifinals . Talking about facing Ljubicic , Nadal added : "  He is a very experienced player . He played well against Berdych and it is going to be a really difficult match for me . "	Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer both reach the Monte Carlo Masters last eight Nadal defeats Richard Gasquet while Federer sees off Marin Cilic in straight sets Spanish top seed Nadal now faces Ivan Ljubicic , who shocked Tomas Berdych Fourth seed David Ferrer also impressive in brushing past Milos Raonic
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British military investigators interviewed a woman who claimed to have met a man from another planet while she was walking her dog , newly released Ministry of Defence files have revealed . The woman said she had been approached by a man with a "  Scandinavian-type accent " dressed in a flying suit-style outfit while out walking on a sports field near Norwich , eastern England , in 1989 . She claimed to have been "  completely terrified " during the 10-minute encounter . Running home , she said she had then seen a large glowing object rising vertically from behind some nearby trees . The woman called a local military base to report the encounter the following day . A cover note on the file of the incident describes it as "  one of our more unusual UFO reports . " The incident is just one of around 1,200 sightings recorded by investigators between 1987 and 1993 , according to the files released by the National Archives on Sunday . On another occasion , military officials took the unusual step of briefing ministers about an unidentified flying object photographed in the sky over Scotland alongside an RAF fighter jet . Witnesses claimed to have seen the large diamond-shaped object hanging in the air for about 10 minutes before it ascended vertically at high speed . Fearing intense media interest , investigators also commissioned detailed drawings of the object . The files also reveal that the Ministry of Defence abandoned plans to build a computer database of sightings out of fears of a public relations disaster should details of its existence ever be revealed . "  I personally doubt that the the MoD would lose much if we filed UFO reports in ` WPD '  the waste paper basket  , " one unnamed official wrote of the project .	National Archives releases details of recorded UFO sightings from 1987 to 1993 One woman claimed to have met a man from another planet while walking dog Officials briefed ministers about 1990 UFO sighting over Scotland Ministry of Defence abandoned plans for UFO database fearing PR disaster
CNN  -- Justin Bieber 's newest friend is Malala Yousafzai , the Pakistani schoolgirl who survived an attack by the Taliban and now advocates for girls ' rights . Yousafzai has met with President Barack Obama , Queen Elizabeth II and many others , but her online encounter with Bieber on Wednesday is likely to make her the envy of teen girls around the world . Pakistan 's Malala Yousafzai meets with Queen Bieber , 20 , made sure his fans knew , posting a screenshot of his conversation with the 17-year-old activist on Twitter : "  Just got to FaceTime with Malala Yousafzai . She has such an incredible story . I ca n't wait to meet her in person and talk about how I can support her and the @malalafund . #love " The Pakistani Taliban targeted Yousafzai for assassination in 2012 because of her outspoken support for girls ' education in her native country . Yousafzai , who has not posted any tweets about her time with Bieber , did confide to CNN 's Christiane Amanpour last year that she was a Bieber fan . Bieber 's representative said she had "  no official comment , " including about if there are plans for the two to meet in person . The Bravest Girl in the World Despite Bieber 's reputation as an out-of-control celebrity , earned partly from three arrests earlier this year , the pop idol has an impressive track record of good deeds . Bieber has helped grant the wishes of more than 200 children through the Make-A-Wish Foundation , which fulfills the wishes of children diagnosed with a life-threatening medical conditions . One recent recipient was Grace Kesablak , who was Bieber 's date to the Young Hollywood Awards in Los Angeles last month whe the singer was given the "  Champ of Charity Award . " Bieber is on supervised probation for egging his neighbor 's mansion in January . He also has a pending drunken driving charge in Miami and an assault charge in Toronto . Malala Yousafzai talks to CNN about #BringBackOurGirls Beverly Hills cops to Bieber : Tone down the parties , respect neighbors CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	"  She has such an incredible story , " Bieber says on Twitter Malala told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour last year she was a Bieber fan The Taliban targeted Malala for death because of her support for girls ' education Bieber has helped grant the wishes of more than 200 children through the Make-A-Wish
CNN  -- The evening before they set off on their voyage across the Pacific on Saturday March 20 , skipper Jo Royle and David de Rothschild spoke to CNN about their last minute preparations . CNN : How are feeling just hours before sailing ? Jo Royle : I 'm feeling great . I do n't feel nervous at all . I 've just left the boat and it 's lying a little low in the water as it 's loaded up with all the supplies ; sustainably-sourced food that we 've actually canned ourselves , plus there 's loads of camera equipment . All in all , I 'm feeling really positive about the voyage and confident in the boat . If anything happens you could not blame the preparation ; the energy and passion from everyone has been amazing . David de Rothschild : I think my feelings are best summed up for me by Mark Twain when he wrote : "  Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you did n't do than by the ones you did do . So throw off the bow lines . Sail away from the safe harbor . Catch the trade winds in your sails . Explore . Dream . Discover . " CNN : What 's been the hardest part of your last minute preparations ? Jo Royle : One of the hardest parts is leaving a lot of the team behind . We 've spent so much time together sometimes spending 24-hour shifts building the boat , so we 've become a really tight knit family . It 's also sad to leave San Francisco . It 's been such an amazing city to be in to build the boat and launch the project -- it 's attracted so many intelligent , positive and creative people to our project CNN : Jo , you 're an experience sailor , how does this expedition feel compared to others ? Jo Royle : It does feel a bit different to other journeys in a way . I 'm very aware that we have a novice crew , but I 'm very positive that everyone has their own role to play . So we 'll be off tomorrow morning , slipping our mooring at 9am . The winds will be westerly , which is n't ideal as we really want to be able to sail out under the Golden Gate Bridge . My mum came to see me off and was looking at what I 'd packed and and said it was all thermals and warm clothes . We should make our first port in around 30 days . But she said to me , "  What if you end up in San Diego ? " Obviously that 's not the plan , but if so you could be seeing me in a bikini and longjohns ! Right I 'm off to pack up my flat now and see if I can get in one last glass of red wine .	The night before they set off Plastiki skipper Jo Royle spoke to CNN Royle says she 's feeling really positive about the voyage Hardest part of leaving is leaving behind many who helped build the boat
Washington  CNN  -- Folklore says that George Washington was known for never telling a lie . But as the United States marks its first president 's birthday , a new poll indicates that 74 percent of the public thinks the father of our country did lie to the public while he served as president . It 's an indication that Americans think the government has been broken for a very , very long time . The CNN/Opinion Corporation survey was released Monday on the 278th anniversary of Washington 's birth . Three quarters of people questioned in the survey think that modern-day federal officials are not honest , a figure that is essentially unchanged since 1994 . But the poll suggests that Americans think the problem of dishonesty is not a new one . And it 's not just George Washington ; 71 percent think that Abraham Lincoln , known as "  Honest Abe , " also lied to the public while serving in the White House . Full results  pdf "  It 's all part of a rich tradition in American history -- the belief that politicians are not always telling the truth , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . What should we make of the figures for Washington and Lincoln ? "  Part of it may be the recognition that , however much we revere them today , both men were politicians , and Americans are always a little cynical about people seeking office . Part of it may also be a realistic assessment that the president sometimes has to keep things from the public , " adds Holland . "  But whether it 's based on cynicism or realism , or a little of both , it 's an indication that Americans think that our government has been broken for many , many years . " According to CNN poll numbers released Sunday , Americans overwhelmingly think that the government in this country is broken , but the public overwhelmingly holds out hope that what 's broken can be fixed . The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted February 12-15 , with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall survey . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	74 % of people in poll think George Washington did lie to the public as president "  Honest Abe " Lincoln fares only a little better -- 71 % believe he lied as well Poll suggests Americans think the problem of dishonesty is not a new one
CNN  -- The U.S. government pleaded Saturday for North Korean authorities to release 85-year-old Merrill Newman , with a spokeswoman saying officials are "  deeply concerned " about him and another American being held in the isolated East Asian nation . "  Given Mr. Newman 's advanced age and health conditions , we urge  North Korea  to release Mr. Newman so he may return home and reunite with his family , " said National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden . Washington 's plea came on the day North Korean state media released print stories and video showing what they called Newman 's "  apology . " University of California , Berkeley professor Steven Weber characterized it as "  highly scripted political theater . " So how did an elderly retired financial consultant and Korean War veteran become the central figure in an international dispute ? Why is there such animosity still tied to a conflict , the Korean War , that ended six decades ago ? And why is this all unfolding now ? Weber , a former consultant to the U.S. Commission on National Security , has a theory : "  They are trying to get the Western media to pay attention . " With the notable exception of its longtime ally China , North Korea is in many ways a pariah state bogged down by what many view as decades of repressive leadership . At the same time , the communist nation has had difficulties getting enough energy to power their country and food for their people . Largely shut off from the rest of the world , its leaders and state media often use saber-rattling rhetoric to unite citizens against what Weber described as "  nasty outsiders " -- which , not coincidentally , are chiefly South Korea and the United States , just as during the Korean War . The discord in recent years has centered mostly on North Korea 's nuclear and missile programs , with the international community taking punitive measures such as economic sanctions to hold Pyongyang in check . North Korea has n't been alone . Iran , too , has long been an international target because of its nuclear program , though that landscape has changed with the recent diplomatic accord . That fact may not be lost on Pyongyang , said Weber , who surmised North Korea may be particularly eager to get the world 's focus and , ideally , concessions in the process . Added Weber : "  If the Iran thing gets settled peacefully , then guess who 's left ? " Wife , son beg for his release Elderly man not only American detained Newman is not the only American being detained in North Korea . In her statement , Hayden also asked for the release of Kenneth Bae , who was arrested in November 2012 in North Korea . Last May , Bae was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor after North Korea 's government found him guilty of "  hostile acts " and attempts to topple the government . "  We are thankful that the White House has advocated for the release of both Mr. Newman and my brother , Kenneth Bae , " said Terri Chung , Bae 's sister . "  It has been a devastating experience for my brother and my family , so we pray every day for his release . Now we 're including Mr. Newman in our prayers . We can not forget about these two men . For every action that the US government takes toward his release , we are thankful . " Chung has said Bae suffers from chronic health conditions that require doctors ' care , including hypertension , diabetes and an enlarged heart . On Monday , Chung said ailments her brother suffered before his detainment -- back problems and radiating leg pain -- worsened while he was forced to work long hours daily in a labor camp . He has lost 50 pounds since he was detained , she added . The Bae family has been in "  sheer pain and agony " since his detainment , Chung said . Other detained Americans Unique case Newman 's age , and the circumstances surrounding his detention , are unique . According to his family , the Palo Alto , California , resident had gone on a 10-day organized private tour of North Korea in October . From phone calls and postcards he sent , the trip was going well and there was no indication of any kind of problem , son Jeff Newman said . The day before he was to leave , "  one or two Korean authorities " met with Newman and his tour guide , the son added . They talked about Newman 's service record , which left "  my dad ... a bit bothered , " according to Jeff Newman . Then , just minutes before his Beijing-bound plane was set to depart Pyongyang in late October , he was taken off the aircraft by North Korean authorities . Newman 's weeks-long detention is complicated by the fact that , according to his son Jeff , he suffers from a heart condition . Sweden 's ambassador to North Korea visited Newman on Saturday where he is being held at Pyongyang 's Yanggakdo Hotel and delivered his medication , his family said . "  As a result of the visit , we know that Merrill is in good health , " the family added . "  Merrill reports that he is being well treated and that the food is good . " The Newmans went on to thank the ambassador and "  express appreciation for the cooperation of the DPRK government in allowing the visit to take place . " "  We are asking that the DPRK authorities take into account his health and his age and , as an act of humanitarian compassion , allow him to depart immediately for home , " the family said . "  All of us want this ordeal to end and for the 85-year-old head of our extended family to be with us once more . " Reported apology : ' I have been guilty of big crimes ' Until Saturday , the North Korean government had n't said why it held Newman . American accused of spying issues ` apology ' The explanation came in the form of a published apology from Newman , as well as accompanying images of him thumbprinting his handwritten note and talking about his experiences . Atop the first of the four pages is the word "  apology , " according to video released by North Korea . The end of the last page is dated November 9 -- indicating Newman made his reported admission more than 20 days ago . Why might Pyongyang have waited 21 days , then , to make the admission public ? That 's another one of the mysteries surrounding this case . In the note , Newman talked about his having advised the Kuwol Unit , part of the "  intelligence bureau " fighting against Pyongyang in the Korean War . He detailed how he commanded troops to collect "  information " and wage various deadly attacks . "  After I killed so many civilians and  North Korean  soldiers and destroyed strategic objects in the DPRK during the Korean War , I committed indelible offensive acts against the DPRK government and Korean people , " Newman said , according to the "  apology " reported by KCNA . The reported message also touches on his return 60 years later to North Korea , admitting that he "  shamelessly ... had a plan to meet any surviving soldiers and pray for the souls of the dead soldiers . " "  I have been guilty of big crimes against the DPRK government and the Korean people again , " Newman adds in the "  apology . " His statement ends : "  If I go back to  the  USA , I will tell the true features of the DPRK and the life the Korean people are leading . " In addition to this statement , KCNA ran a story alleging Newman came to North Korea with a tourist group in October and afterward "  perpetrated acts of infringing upon the dignity and sovereignty of the DPRK and slandering its socialist system . " This story claimed that Newman tried to "  look for spies and terrorists who conducted espionage and subversive activities against the DPRK . " Investigators determined that , as a member of the U.S. military , he "  masterminded espionage and subversive activities ... and , in this course , he was involved in the killings of service personnel of the Korean People 's Army and innocent civilians . " "  The investigation clearly proved Newman 's hostile acts against the DPRK , and they were backed by evidence , " the KCNA story added . "  He admitted all his crimes . " Is American man a bargaining chip ? Newman 's fate , North Korea 's thinking unclear Just five days ago , his wife , Lee , said she hoped he would be home for Thanksgiving . "  We need to have Merrill back at the head of the table for the holidays , " Lee Newman told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  And we ask -- respectfully -- for them to release him and let him come home . " One day before Thanksgiving , Rep. Charlie Rangel -- who himself was wounded fighting in the Korean War -- released a letter urging North Korean leader Kim Jong Un "  to release him immediately . " Noting Newman 's medical issues , the New York Democrat implored Kim to "  have the heart to reunite him with his loved ones and those who can provide proper care . " Rangel also reflected on the 1950s war , as well as the current state of affairs between the key players . "  I believe that Mr. Newman , like myself and others who have fought during the Korean War six decades ago , wants to see a united Korea in our lifetime , " wrote the congressman . "  While progress has been slow on the political front , I am confident it can be advanced on humanitarian grounds . " So will there be fresh movement in Newman 's case ? Will his reported apology pave the way for his release or will it be followed , like Bae , with a lengthy prison sentence ? As of Saturday , nobody -- at least nobody outside of North Korea -- seems to know . As Weber , the Berkeley professor said : "  When it comes to North Korea , nobody knows very much . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Ashley Killough and Nancy Baker contributed to this report .	Merrill Newman was detained in North Korea in October , after a trip to the Asian nation State news said he "  apologized " for crimes , including killings during Korean War Family of another detained American thanks the White House for seeking their release An expert says that North Korea is trying to get the world 's attention
CNN  -- Kuwaiti security forces arrested six Kuwaitis linked to al Qaeda who planned to attack a U.S. military installation , the country 's state-run news agency reported Tuesday . Troops at Camp Arifjan in Kuwait gather for a 2007 holiday show . The suspects had planned to bomb Camp Arifjan during the upcoming Muslim holy month of Ramadan , Kuwaiti security sources said . It is unclear when the arrests took place . Camp Arifjan , outside Kuwait City near the country 's border with Saudi Arabia , is used as a logistical base and transit point for U.S. troops deploying to and from neighboring Iraq , according to the U.S. Defense Department . U.S. State Department spokesman Robert Wood congratulated Kuwait "  on the reported arrest of terrorists targeting U.S. forces and Kuwait facilities . " " ... Kuwait has been an outstanding host for the United States armed forces . This is evidence of the strong U.S.-Kuwait partnership against al Qaeda . " The U.S. military had no further information . "  The operation was a Kuwaiti-led one , and so the Kuwaitis have the details on the intel and the people they apprehended , " said Navy Capt. Jack Hanzlik , a spokesman for U.S. Central Command . The plot also involved an attack on Kuwait 's State Security Service headquarters and other government facilities , according to the Kuwait News Agency , which cited a statement from the Interior Ministry . An investigation into the alleged plot is ongoing , the news agency reported . Two suspects confessed Tuesday that they planned to attack Camp Arifjan with an explosives-laden truck during Ramadan , which begins August 21 , the security sources said . The other four suspects will be interrogated Wednesday , the sources said . Camp Arifjan is the forward headquarters for the U.S. Army Central Command in the region . It is a major logistics base for the U.S. military and generally houses thousands of American troops . Most of the troops stationed there are a component of the 3rd U.S. Army , which is headquartered in Fort McPherson in Atlanta , Georgia , and supports U.S. Central Command missions in the Mideast , including Iraq and Afghanistan , according to the U.S. military . "  We take the security situation at the base and force protection very seriously and coordinate closely with the Kuwaiti government on the security of our bases , " said Army Sgt. Major Brian Thomas , an Atlanta-based spokesman for Central Command . "  Camp Arifjan and other bases in Kuwait are very secure . The security at Camp Arifjan is no different than the security at any U.S. base in Iraq or Afghanistan . " CNN 's Yousef Rafayah , Jill Dougherty and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	Sources : Two suspects confess to plan to attack base with explosives Remaining four suspects to be interrogated this week Sources tell news agency suspects wanted to strike during Ramadan Report : Camp Arifjan , State Security Service headquarters , other facilities targeted
CNN  -- He may have knocked out eight-division world champion Manny Pacquiao during their recent bout in Las Vegas but if Juan Manuel Marquez wants a fifth fight against the legendary Filipino he 'll need to get permission from his wife . The Mexican stunned the world of boxing by knocking out Pacquiao in the sixth round of their welterweight contest earlier in December . It was the first time the 39-year-old has claimed victory in four fights against Pacquiao , who many pundits regard to be the finest pound-for-pound fighter the sport has ever seen . But with fans clamoring for a fifth bout , Marquez says the only way it will become a reality is if his wife allows him to renege on his promise to retire whatever the outcome of the fourth . "  I made a promise and I know that promises are debts , " Márquez said in an interview with CNN en Español . "  I do n't see a case to fight again but logically he wants a chance , " he added of talk that he and Pacquiao could square off for a fifth time . Marquez 's emphatic victory offered the Mexican some redemption after he failed to win any of the first three fights against Pacquiao . Their first encounter in May 2004 ended in a draw , while the Filipino took a points victory at the conclusion of their rematch four years later . But their third clash in November 2011 ended in controversy when Pacquiao was awarded victory in a marginal points decision . The crowd booed as the judges ' verdict was read out and Marquez claimed he should have been declared the victor . That disappointment made his knockout of Pacquiao , who lay motionless for several minutes after being hit with the decisive blow , even sweeter for the veteran . "  It was a point in my favor because the other fights have ended in controversy but for me this was a clear success , " Marquez said . "  For me it was a perfect shot -- I think the knockout has been one of the best in a while . " Pacquiao is one of the sport 's greats , winning titles at eight different weight divisions . In recent years he 's combined his exploits in the ring with a political career in the Phillipines . His defeat left the country devastated , especially in the aftermath of a super typhoon that devastated parts of the country days before the fight . Pacquiao 's wife was also seen in tears and has since pleaded with her husband to quit . Marquez said he shared her pain having watched a tape of the fight . "  It happened to him now and it could have been me . We are both exposed to this and it made me very sad that Manny Pacquiao 's wife was crying , " Marquez added . Pacquiao has now lost two fights in a row after his defeat to American Timothy Bradley in June , though he did make a purse of around $ 25 million for the fourth installment of his battle with Marquez . Marquez dedicated his victory to his family , coaching staff , and especially to the president of Mexico , Enrique Pena Nieto . "  I want to dedicate this fight to the new president of Mexico , but with the condition that he handles his duties well , " Marquez said . The 39-year-old had been criticized in some quarters , including on social networking sites , for his support of Nieto , leader of the Institutional Revolutionary Party  PRI  . He said : "  I 'm no tiny of piece of gold that will be liked by everyone , many people are in one political party , other people are with another , I simply speak as a citizen . " The fighter was fined last October for wearing political propaganda in support of PRI in his third fight against Pacquiao .	Juan Manuel Márquez cools talk of a fifth fight against Filipino fighter Manny Pacquiao Márquez knocked legendary opponent out during their most recent fight in Las Vegas Mexican says he promised his wife he would not fight again after facing Pacquiao
CNN  -- Scores of people who had been without bread for days were killed when Syrian warplanes bombed a bakery in the western village of Halfaya , opposition activists said Sunday . More than 100 people were killed , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The death toll could rise , the activist group said . An activist who oversaw the burial of many bodies said at least 109 people died . Hassan Al-Rajb told CNN that 69 people were identified and buried , while 15 others were laid to rest without being ID 'd . At least 25 more bodies were still at the site , but hospital workers said the roads were cut off and they were unable to reach the bakery , he said . The hospitals can not handle all the wounded , he said . An LCC activist told CNN he went to the scene . "  There were dozens of dead thrown in the street . The residents were shocked and in a state of fear . It was chaotic , " Mahmoud Alawy said . Videos posted on social media purported to show the aftermath of the attack . Many bodies had limbs apparently blown off , and others lay bloody in the streets and in rubble strewn over a sidewalk . Uniformed Free Syrian Army soldiers and civilians scramble to pull survivors out of the carnage . CNN can not independently confirm government or opposition reports out of Syria , as the government has restricted access by journalists . The town has lacked the ingredients for bread for about a week until an aid group delivered provisions Saturday , Alawy said . Hundreds of people lined up at the bakery on Sunday . Al-Rajb said the town has three bakeries , and one opened at 1 p.m. Workers began to distribute the bread two hours later . He was on his roof about 200 meters  about 219 yards  from the bakery about 4 p.m. and saw a plane overhead . He scrambled toward the scene when he heard cries of "  Emergency ! Emergency ! " he said . "  The first floor collapsed on the second floor , and four rockets were fired into it , " he said of the attack . Alawy claimed the government has been targeting large gatherings of people with artillery shells in the recent days since the Free Syrian Army liberated the town from Syrian forces . About an hour after the bakery attack , 15 shells were fired into Halfaya from a nearby town , Al-Rajb said . The Hama Revolution Command Council , a network of activists affiliated with the FSA in Hama province , said a MiG warplane bombed the bakery . Many Syrians face food shortages and other needs as winter weather sets in . The United Nations estimates that more than 2.5 million need humanitarian assistance . Earlier in the week , opposition groups also said rebels and regime forces battled near a hospital in Halfaya . Twenty-five people died there , the LCC said . Syria firing more Scud missiles , NATO says Russia : Syria consolidates its chemical weapons CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : One resident says 84 people have been buried , with more bodies still on the streets NEW : People had been waiting for bread for almost a week Activists say MiG planes bombed a bakery in western Syria Videos posted on social media show rebel soldiers , civilians rushing to scene
CNN  -- On the second anniversary of the death of former North Korean leader , Kim Jong Il , the nation held a memorial in his honor , lauding his life and achievements . During the ceremony , his son , Kim Jong Un sat front and center below the image of his father , which was festooned in gold-colored flowers . He assumed power after his father 's death in 2011 . The memorial marking the death of the elder Kim brought out what looked like thousands of party members and military personnel , who dressed in black or in green uniforms , into Pyongyang Gymnasium . They clapped in in synchrony , raising their hands above their shoulders . The anniversary came a week after an uncharacteristically public announcement of the execution of Kim 's uncle , Jang Song Thaek that raised speculation about turmoil within the North Korean leadership . Showing allegiance During Tuesday 's ceremony , the remaining top brass , appearing solemn , flanked Kim . All the levels of power and control of North Korea appeared to be there , to show allegiance to Kim and the state , said Daniel Pinkston , senior analyst of the North East Asia region for the International Crisis Group . Anniversary ceremonies pertaining to the North Korea 's founder , Kim Il Sung and his son , Kim Jong Il are common . "  Kim Jong Un is using those dates for ceremonies as opportunities to have people in the leadership extend pledges of allegiance and loyalty to the regime , to the party and Kim Jong Un as a leader , " said Pinkston . "  There was a lot more eyes on it because of the recent purging and execution of Jang Song Thaek . " ` Human bullets and bombs ' In a separate event on Monday , members of the North Korean military -- the Korean People 's Army -- swore to uphold Kim as leader and to defend him unto death at a meeting at Kumsusan Palace , reported the North Korean state news agency , KCNA . The participants "  solemnly pledged to become human bullets and bombs " and to know only Kim , according to KCNA . The execution of Jang last week came as a shock . Jang , who was Kim 's uncle by marriage , had been regarded as the second-most powerful figure in the secretive nation . Denounced as a "  traitor for all ages " and "  worse than a dog , " he was executed for trying to overthrow the state "  by all sorts of intrigues and despicable methods . " His crimes on KCNA included : Behaving arrogantly , unwilling to stand up from his seat and "  half-heartedly clapping . " His widow and the current North Korean leader 's aunt , Kim Kyong-hui did not appear to attend the Tuesday anniversary commemorating the death of her brother . However , she was mentioned in a KCNA report this weekend , suggesting she had survived her husband 's purge . After the ceremony held at the Pyongyang gymnasium , Kim Jong Un later appeared with his wife , Ri Sol Ju as they visited the mausoleum where his father 's body lies . Ri was seen walking by his side . For the rest of the North Korean population , the situation may be tense . Sokeel Park , director of Research and Strategy at Liberty in North Korea , an NGO , said he had heard from defectors secretly communicating with family members inside North Korea that there have been greater restrictions . This is common during anniversaries marking the Kims . "  I 've heard of increased restrictions on movement , and increased restriction on the market , " Park said . "  The general atmosphere is one of lockdown . Combine that with the quite shocking news to North Korea that Jang Song Thaek was looking to overthrow the leadership -- that 's shocking in any society . That contributes to this tense atmosphere among North Korean people . " Signs of instability ? The execution of Jang has unsettled some North Korea observers as well as its neighbors , as they look for signs of instability in the government and possibility of provocation . The South Korean defense ministry said Jang 's death could be a major turning point in North Korea since the founding of its power 68 years ago and there could be a provocation early next year . But the ministry 's spokesman Kim Min-seok said that there is no "  imminent sign of North Korea carrying out nuclear and missile tests . " Park Geun-hye , the South Korean president said on Monday before a meeting with diplomatic and security ministers , that she could not rule out "  reckless provocations " from the north . U.S. Secretary of State , John Kerry called Kim "  reckless " and " insecure " following the execution of his uncle , stating that it makes having a nuclear weapon in the hands of somebody like him "  even more unacceptable . " CNN 's KJ Kwon in Seoul contributed to this report .	Two-year anniversary marked for death of Kim Jong Il North Korea 's top brass attended ceremony Attention to North Korea after execution of Kim Jong Un 's uncle New : More restrictions in North Korea
CNN  -- Police say a Camden , New Jersey , man had the audacity to return to the jail where he posted a $ 400 bond with counterfeit bills , demanding a refund . Ronald T. White was charged with shoplifting July 7 , but his bail was incorrectly written up . When he found out , authorities say , he returned to the Cinnaminson , New Jersey , jail the following week to demand his money back . White appeared in Burlington County Superior Court on Thursday , and this time his bail was set far higher . According to Cinnaminson Police Chief Steven Fowler , the department issued a warrant for White 's arrest after his counterfeit bail posting of $ 400 , but because he was a Camden resident , it was out of jurisdiction . Though Camden police were alerted to the claims , they were n't exactly banging down his door . "  Even though it was a $ 5,000 warrant for his arrest , they have bigger issues over in Camden , being the murder capital of the world , " Fowler said . White had posted bail using at least two bills bearing identical serial numbers , police say , and the serial numbers also matched those on one of the bills found on him when he returned to the Cinnaminson jail to reclaim his extra $ 200 . Upon further inspection , Fowler said , the counterfeit bills White used to post bail were of poor paper quality , although the printing appeared very accurate . The duplicate serial numbers were the giveaway , he said . "  He was surprised that he was discovered , " Fowler said . Burlington County prosecutor 's office representative Joel Bewley said that because White did not produce the counterfeit bills but merely attempted to purchase goods with them , the official charge was theft by unlawful taking . On Thursday , at White 's first appearance in Superior Court , his bail was set at $ 7,500 , because of outstanding charges from Camden County added on to the Burlington County charges . White 's case will be presented before a grand jury within six weeks . In the meantime , until he can post bail with legitimate bills , he will be held at Burlington County Jail .	New Jersey police say man used counterfeit money to post $ 400 bail On discovering error in bail , he returned to jail to ask for money back , they say Bills ' identical serial numbers , poor paper quality were giveaway , police chief says
Cairo  CNN  -- Clashes between Egyptian security forces and armed men on the outskirts of Cairo Thursday left at least one police official dead , authorities said . At least 65 men were arrested during the security forces ' operation in the district of Kerdasa , the Interior Ministry said . Images broadcast by Egyptian state TV showed security forces raiding buildings after a gun battle in the streets of neighboring Nahiya . Last month , 11 police officers were killed in Kerdasa in an attack following a crackdown by security forces on supporters of former President Mohamed Morsy , which left hundreds of people dead . Security forces have blamed Islamist supporters of Morsy , who was ousted by the military in July , for the killings of the police officers in Kerdasa . They had been unable to regain control of the area before Thursday . The Interior Ministry said three of the people arrested Thursday are main suspects in the killings of the police officers in Kerdasa and that the others were wanted in relation to the attack . Also Thursday , the Cairo subway resumed service after being temporarily suspended following the discovery of suspicious objects on the track , Egyptian state TV reported . The Interior Ministry described the items on the track as "  homemade foreign objects . " There were no explosive charges found in the objects , the official news outlet Egynews reported . CNN 's Ian Lee reported from Cairo and Samira Said from Atlanta . Ali Younes contributed to this report .	Security forces arrest 65 men in connection with a deadly attack last month The operation is in Kerdasa , a district on the outskirts of Cairo A police official is killed during armed clashes that took place there Subway service in Cairo is briefly suspended after suspicious objects are found
African safaris have upped their game . We 're not talking about the "  Big Five " beasts -- lion , leopard , elephant , rhino , buffalo -- that people pay top dollar to see . We 're talking about the accommodations . For those with budgets as grand as the sweeping plains of southern and eastern Africa , exploring the wilderness need n't come at the expense of luxury . Lake Manyara Tree Lodge  Lake Manyara National Park , Tanzania Lake Manyara is the only permanent lodge within Lake Manyara National Park -- it comprises 10 stilted tree house suites in the boughs of ancient mahogany trees . The words "  tree house " might be misleading -- there 's not a splintered plank in sight . Instead , there are free-standing bath tubs  complete with a nightly sprinkling of rose petals  and enormous bathrooms with twin sinks and split-level living areas . After dusty safaris , guests are welcomed back with gin and tonics and cold , scented towels . Lake Manyara Tree Lodge , Lake Manyara National Park , Tanzania ; +27 11 809 4300 ; from $ 555 per person per night Cottars 1920s Camp  Masai Mara , Kenya As revealed by the date in its name , Cottars harks back to a "  golden age " of safari by kitting out staff in vintage livery and furnishing quarters with antiques . On the outskirts of the Masai Mara , the camp has 10 tents in total -- five doubles , four family-sized and one for honeymooners . The latter have fireplaces and separate living rooms . Guests can eat in the well appointed communal dining area or opt for a candlelit meal within the privacy of their own tent . Cottars 1920s Camp , Masai Mara , Kenya ; +254 7337 73377 ; From $ 520 per person per night Mahali Mzuri  Motorogi Conservancy , Kenya The 12 suites at Richard Branson 's safari camp are tents in name only . The units all have enormous canopied verandas replete with roll-top bath tub and infinity pool . After a day of lion spotting , guests retreat to the Nasaro spa tent where the signature treatment is a "  healing journey " involving rose quartz and amethyst . Dinner is served in a communal area but staff can arrange champagne barbecues in the bush . Mahali Mzuri , Motorogi Conservancy , Masai Mara , Kenya ; +44 208 600 0430 ; from $ 800 per room per night Bushmans Kloof Wilderness Retreat  Western Cape , South Africa Bushmans Kloof Nature Reserve makes no pretense of being under canvas , housing its 16 luxurious rooms and suites within a main lodge or individual cottages . Although the Bushmans Kloof Wilderness Reserve is n't a Big Five reserve , it does contain bushman 's rock paintings and is home to the endangered Cape Mountain Zebra . Those staying in the main lodge get their own private chef and ranger along with a private pool and library . The spa is enormous , with a pool , crystal steam room , health bar and gym . Bushmans Kloof , Western Cape , South Africa ; +27 27 482 8200 ; from $ 230 per person per night Royal Malewane  Kruger National Park , South Africa Nicolas Sarkozy , Bono and Microsoft billionaire Paul Allen have all stayed at this luxurious safari camp , where highlights include private infinity pools , enormous , window-side baths and personal butlers , rangers and trackers . Even the safari guides are classy -- one of them is Wilson Masiya , one of only two "  master trackers "  the highest rank a wildlife tracker can achieve  working in southern Africa . Royal Malawene , Kruger National Park , South Africa ; +27 15 793 0150 ; from $ 1,197 per person per night Ivory Lodge  Lion Sands Reserve , South Africa There are no mini-bars at the Ivory Lodge , only maxi-bars rammed with cured meats , chocolate , nougat and fruit . There are six plush villas in total -- all come with private infinity pools and spacious decking areas rigged out with telescopes . This area of Kruger National Park is unaffected by migration so the wildlife viewing is consistently good , and is especially popular with bird watchers . Ivory Lodge , Lion Sands Reserve , South Africa ; +27 13 735 5000 ; from $ 503 per person per night Khwai River Lodge  Moremi Wildlife Reserve , Botswana A safari camp by the company that operates the Venice Simplon-Orient-Express is never going to be too shabby . Khwai River Lodge offers enormous private viewing platforms , complimentary Zeiss binoculars , and an intercom system to summon room service . The private suite features an infinity pool in which guests can wallow while watching hippos on the riverbank overlooking the pool doing the same . Khwai River Lodge , Moremi Wildlife Reserve , Botswana ; +27 21 483 1600 ; from $ 875 per person per night Tswalu Kalahari  South Africa Owned by De Beers diamond magnate Nicky Oppenheimer , Tswalu Kalahari is modeled on a traditional Tswana village -- albeit one that 's clearly won the lottery . Guests do n't just get their very own enormous tent , complete with fireplace and mini-bar , they get their own ranger , guide and Land Rover . This means itineraries are totally flexible . The camp can accommodate a maximum of just 30 people who eat in the communal dining area or on their tent 's private deck , with just a telescope and bottle of vintage wine for distractions . Tswalu Kalahari , Kalahari , Kenya ; +27 53 781 9331 ; from $ 933 per person per night Chinzombo  South Luangwa National Park , Zambia Going on safari could seem like a nuisance for anyone ensconced in the luxury at Chinzombo . The camp 's six villas , which opened earlier this year , all have private dining areas , lounges , libraries and tree-shaded pools with viewing decks . There 's also a large yoga area and a spa . For those who do tear themselves away to spot some animals , the camp is surrounded by 60 acres of private land , and its position on the banks of the Luangwa River means there 's no shortage of wildlife . Guests also get direct access into one of the most game-rich areas of the South Luangwa National Park . Chinzombo , South Luangwa National Park , Zambia , +44 1980 849160 ; from $ 254 per person per night Four Seasons Safari Lodge  Serengeti National Park , Tanzania For those that want safari and the comfort of a hotel , there 's the Four Seasons Safari Lodge . There are 77 guestrooms , 12 suites  with private plunge pools  and five villas -- all of which come with rooms large enough to accommodate a herd of bison . At night , hotel staff armed with flashlights are posted along the hotel 's elevated walkways in case guests accidentally stumble into the bush . The best feature is the hotel 's most popular television channel . Sadly , it 's not CNN , but a live stream from a web cam positioned over the local watering hole . Four Seasons Safari Lodge ; Serengeti National Park , Tanzania ; +255 778 888 888 ; from around $ 990 per night	Africa 's "  super safari " camps and hotels bring luxury to the bush Bono , Richard Branson and Nicolas Sarkozy are some of the guests at these "  camps " Kenya 's Cottars 1920s Camp Cottars kits out staff in vintage livery
CNN  -- "  The father of my child began cheating on me with this whore on July 14th , 2013 , " begins one post on the website "  She 's a Homewrecker , " on which scorned women publish the names , photos and , in some cases , contact information of women with whom their husbands and partners cheated , along with detailed narratives of how the affair went down . The website , which has 250,000 likes on Facebook , operates under the guise of offering important reader service or , as the tagline goes , "  Exposing the women who choose to become involved with an involved man . " Who knows if any of these affairs actually happened . But no words are minced here for the so-called "  other women " who are , invariably , "  life sucking whores , " "  homewrecking sluts , " "  tramps " and "  skanks " who "  stole " someone else 's man . But wait -- does n't it take two to tango ? Of course it does . Although sleeping with a married man is of questionable morality -- and that 's , of course , assuming the woman is even aware the man 's attached -- the job of staying faithful belongs to the man who took the vow . And yet on "  She 's a Homewrecker , " the men get off largely scot-free . They are not named or pictured . In many cases , they are forgiven , even in cases where the man "  abandoned me and my child ... He then kicked me and our baby out of the house and onto the street to be with her , " as one woman writes . Another woman writes about the "  twit " who started "  talking to her husband at work . " After the "  twit " got pregnant with the husband 's baby , the woman says she and her husband fought for custody of the child and won . She writes : "  Our marriage is now the best that it ever would have been because we have worked through issues that we did n't even know we had . We are a happy family ... " Despite this , the "  homewrecker " still must pay , and does , in the form of having her name , details of her life and no fewer than six photos of herself splashed all over the site . The fact that this site exists , and was created by women with the sole intent of bullying and shaming other women , is especially notable given the recent discussions about how to deal with the problem of "  revenge porn , " in which scorned people -- men , mostly -- post explicit , formerly private photos of their exes online without their consent . States are working to criminalize both the posting of such photos and the host sites , with advocates saying that under existing law , it 's nearly impossible to get remediation or the pictures removed . Revenge porn exists to belittle and shame women and to "  put them in their place . " But what 's happening at "  She 's a Homewrecker " is just as misogynistic ; that it 's women targeting women does n't make it any less so . Bullying among grown women has often happened out of public sight : undermining in the workplace , whispers during the PTA meeting . Although sleeping with a married man is of questionable morality -- and that 's , of course , assuming the woman is even aware the man 's attached -- the job of staying faithful belongs to the man who took the vow . As Jennifer Aniston told Glamour magazine this summer , "  We 're living in a time where , whether it 's the Internet or tabloids , being sh-tty has become a sport . " With revenge porn and sites such as She 's a Homewrecker , the damage is tangible : intimate photos and character attacks that may turn up with a simple Google search of a person 's name . Despite the women 's stories of betrayal and humiliation and the sympathy they hope to elicit , humiliation is exactly what they intend to dole out , continuing the cycle of meanness . They play the victims while making victims of someone else , bullying others in the name of "  just desserts . " The whole M.O. of bullying is , of course , to gain leverage and power . At least some of the women posting on She 's a Homewrecker do so , it seems , out of desperation to regain some of the control they lost when they were betrayed by their partners . But that does n't make their retaliatory actions defensible . For one thing , it does n't explain why the cheating men are n't taken to task . What 's happening on She 's a Homewrecker is bullying . In many cases , it 's illegal -- it 's flush with defamatory comments -- and not without consequences . By turning on their own gender and by encouraging a community based on judgment and fear , women sabotage their ability to develop strong female relationships . They promote the idea that other women are untrustworthy . And so , instead of finding empowerment and community just when they need it most , women who use and read sites like these will end up feeling more alone than ever . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Betrayed women post details about partners ' mistresses on "  She 's a Homewrecker " site Peggy Drexler : "  Other women " called "  life-sucking whores , " "  skanks " who "  steal " men Drexler : Women never blame the men ; posts seem to be attempts to regain control She says posting details , photos on "  She 's a Homewrecker " is simply cruel bullying
CNN  -- Scores of would-be swashbucklers found themselves in need of rescuing Saturday night when their ship -- the Pirate 's Ransom -- ran aground in west Florida , a government spokeswoman said . The pirate-themed ship was actually one of two vessels in and around Clearwater whose passengers inadvertently celebrated New Year 's Eve on shore , rather that at sea . The other ship -- the Island Time -- went aground while trying to take some of the first ship 's passengers ashore , said city public safety spokeswoman Elizabeth Watts . Eventually , fire and police boats ended up ferrying the 100 passengers on the Pirate 's Ransom safely back to shore , as intended . One 77-year-old female passenger was "  checked out at the scene , but refused treatment , " said Watts . The Pirate 's Random is the vessel of one "  Captain Memo , " whose website invites "  briny buccaneers and seafaring seadogs " to join his crew in feasting , drinking and searching for dolphins . Memo 's mates include wenches , like "  Take Your Treasure Terri , " and captains like "  Gangplank Gary " and "  Scurvy Steve . " Watts said that "  fog is believed to be a factor in the ships running aground . "	Two ships run aground in west Florida , one of them a pirate-themed vessel The Pirate 's Ransom is the vessel of "  Captain Memo " A boat trying to ferry the theme ship 's passengers also ran aground A city official says that "  fog is believed to be a factor "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Two attacks carried out against Palestinians in recent days , one in Jerusalem and the other on the West Bank , have prompted some uncomfortable questions in Israel about racism toward Arabs . In one incident , Jamal Julani , a 17-year-old Palestinian from East Jerusalem , was beaten unconscious by a group of teenagers in West Jerusalem . He spent several days in the hospital recovering from his injuries . On the same day , August 16 , a taxi carrying a Palestinian family close to the Israeli settlement of Bat Ayin on the West Bank was firebombed . All six family members were injured , one badly . Three children , ages 12 and 13 , have been arrested on suspicion of throwing the gasoline bomb . Seven minors , as well as an adult , were indicted in the Jerusalem case Tuesday . Among the charges they face are incitement to racism , incitement to violence and aggravated assault , and motivated racism . The youth of the alleged perpetrators and the fact they appear to have targeted their victims because of their race , and in the West Bank case possibly also as a result of tensions between settlers and Palestinians over land , have shocked many in Israel . Some believe an environment of conflict and lack of tolerance have combined to create dangerous behavioral instincts in the youth on both sides , undermining the chances of a peaceful resolution to the conflict . Jerusalem city councilor Laura Wharton , who grew up in the United States but has lived in Israel for many years , wrote in her blog that "  apart from sorrow I can only express my shame that such a thing could happen in my country . " In the wake of the attacks , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu issued a strongly worded statement expressing the government 's "  complete opposition to racism and violence . " But some , Wharton among them , say this is not enough to tackle the deeper issues at stake . Jamal Julani 's cousin , 18-year-old Nu'oman Julani , described to CNN how the pair were in West Jerusalem to shop for Eid when they ran into a group of about 50 Israeli settler youths shouting racist slogans in Zion Square . Nu'oman Julani said they tried to avoid the group , splitting off in different directions . "  All of sudden , I saw a group of these extremist Jews run after my cousin and start beating him up , " he told CNN . "  I followed to stop the fight and I was personally beaten as well , but not as much as my cousin , who was knocked unconscious to the ground when he sustained a direct hit to the chest and heart . " The beating continued until the police arrived on the scene . "  I thought that my cousin was dead because I saw his eyes rolled backwards and he looked blue , but a man helped in resuscitating him , " Nu'oman Julani said . "  I have one question , why is this happening ? What did we do to deserve this ? I hope they get the highest possible punishment for this crime they did . " An Israeli ambulance service spokesman confirmed to CNN that one of its operatives had helped to resuscitate the teenager , whose heart had stopped beating . He said the teenager was taken to hospital but that the lack of visible injuries led medical staff to believe he was suffering from a heart complaint not caused by the incident . Speaking from his son 's hospital bedside , Abu Akram Julani said he was relieved that Jamal had regained consciousness , and that he did not remember what had happened that night . Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld told CNN an incident of a sexual nature between a 15-year-old Jewish girl and an Arab Israeli a few weeks earlier had been a factor in the disturbance . The girl had told her friends about that incident , he said , "  and that 's what stirred up all of the tension , and then they started walking the streets and cursing the Arabs and then a brawl and a fight broke out . " The indictment filed with the Jerusalem court describes how on that night a large group of boys had started shouting racist abuse and "  pushing , punching and kicking " some Arabs who passed them . When they spotted Julani and three other Arabs near Zion Square , they started to run after them , it says . The accused then beat Julani "  until he lost consciousness and his breathing and his heart stopped , so he needed resuscitation and needed hospitalization for several days . " Netanyahu 's statement condemning the attacks came five days later , after a weekend in which the story gathered steam in the media . "  In the state of Israel , we are not prepared to tolerate racism ; neither are we prepared to tolerate the combination of racism and violence , " he said . "  This is something that we can not accept -- not as Jews , not as Israelis . This is not our way ; this goes against our way , and we condemn it in word and deed . We will quickly bring to justice those responsible for this reprehensible incident . " Vice Prime Minister and Strategic Affairs Minister Moshe Ya'alon also condemned the firebombing as a "  terrorist act " that ran counter to national values , according to Israel 's Haaretz newspaper . The hate crimes "  are intolerable , outrageous and must be firmly dealt with , " he is quoted as saying . Wharton , of the left-wing Meretz party , told CNN Wednesday the statements from Netanyahu and others condemning the violence are welcome -- but the government seems unlikely to take on the deep-rooted issues behind the attacks . She believes the incidents are a symptom of three highly concerning trends . "  One is a question of racism , which is definitely on the rise in Israel and is very worrisome to , I think , just about everyone except for a worrisome combination of extreme right and extreme religious groups , " she said . A second is the issue of rising violence in Israel , particularly among the younger generation , she said , in contrast to a tradition of low levels of violent crime despite the threat of terrorism . The third has to do with a growing number of ultra-orthodox youth who drop out of school but whose highly religious education and upbringing have left them unable to adjust to regular society , Wharton said . "  Those kids , they leave these schools and they are suddenly exposed to a whole world they have n't seen before . They do n't know how to behave , they get involved in drugs or crime , " she said . At the same time , racism is also increasing in mainstream schools , she said , in part as a by-product of Israel 's long history of conflict and the distrust built up following scores of attacks by Palestinian militants . She believes more must be done in schools to emphasize the need for peaceful coexistence , in line with traditional Jewish values , and to warn against stereotyping and violence . On a more hopeful note , several hundred people joined an event in Zion Square two nights after the attack on Julani to demonstrate against racism , Wharton noted in her blog . Naomi Schacter , an associate director of Shatil , an initiative of the New Israel Fund , echoes the sentiment that words of condemnation from politicians are not enough to tackle the problem . "  With racism rising in this country , and chants and graffiti calling for ` death to the Arabs ' becoming a distressingly common event , it is clear that such reactive public statements are not sufficient , " she wrote in an opinion piece in The Times of Israel following the assaults . "  Not only swift and vigorous action against the perpetrators of such criminal attacks , but also a paradigm shift in public rhetoric , are necessary to halt the trend . " The responses posted below her piece attest to the divisive nature of the debate . The latest assaults are not the only incidents to prompt soul-searching in Israel in recent months . A number of so-called "  price tag " attacks -- a term frequently used to describe acts of vandalism by radical Israeli settlers exacting a "  price " against Palestinian targets or Israeli security forces in response to actions by the Israeli government -- have targeted Palestinian mosques and property . High-profile incidents involving intolerance toward African immigrants , some of whom have entered illegally after fleeing conflict in Sudan and Eritrea , have also sparked internal debate about whether the country is facing growing racism . While some Israelis accuse the illegal African immigrants of increasing levels of crime , suffocating the infrastructure and changing the fabric of Israel , others ask how a country founded by Jews trying to escape persecution can turn against anyone trying to escape danger in their own lands . The government is seeking to deport tens of thousands of the migrants to their homelands , despite fears for their safety there . At the same time , the thorny issue of whether Israel 's ultra-orthodox community , known as the Haredim , should serve in the military or in civil service has come under the spotlight . Netanyahu 's government last month lost its main coalition partner , centrist political faction Kadima , over failed attempts to agree on an alternative to the law that exempts ultra-orthodox men from serving in the Israeli army . The prime minister had hoped to reach a consensus with the Haredim , who oppose changes to the law . His Likud party has traditionally aligned with the ultra-orthodox factions as coalition partners . Controversy over attempts by some in the Haredim to enforce a strict form of gender segregation and rules of modesty on females outside of their community also exercised many Israelis this year . The Haredim , who make up approximately 10 % of the country according to government figures , are the fastest growing segment of the population -- and tensions between Israel 's different communities seem unlikely to go away just yet . This story is based on reporting by Enas Muthaffar and Paul Colsey in Jerusalem . It was written by Laura Smith-Spark in London .	Two recent attacks on Palestinians have prompted questions about racism in Israel A 17-year-old Arab was beaten unconscious by a group of Jewish Israelis , his cousin says In the other attack , a Palestinian family was firebombed in a taxi on the West Bank A city councillor cites racism , violence and some ultra-orthodox views
Hong Kong  CNN  -- After much anticipation , and against the wishes of the international community , North Korea finally pushed the button on its third underground nuclear test , this time using more sophisticated technology than its previous attempts . While it marks another milestone in the short , but increasingly eventful , reign of young leader Kim Jong Un , it also threatens to undermine an already fragile security situation in the region . How worried should we be about North Korea 's nuclear test ? It 's worrying but does this mean they can drop a nuclear weapon on Los Angeles ? Absolutely not . The notion that they are going to target the U.S. is way off the mark . Any time the North Koreans stage a test , it significantly improves their nuclear capabilities . This comes after they staged a rocket launch that was successful , a long range rocket which appears to have put a satellite into orbit . What they need to achieve to have the weapon they want is the capability to miniaturize a warhead and put it on a rocket . This test is n't going to do that in and of itself , but it is a significant step forward . What will happen next ? The U.N. Security Council will meet . South Korea is the chair this month so they get to call the agenda . There will be discussion about a much tougher sanctions resolution . The $ 64,000 question is whether the Chinese will in the end agree to anything significant enough for it to really affect North Korea . I think it 's certain , whatever the U.N. does , the U.S. will move on its own to ratchet up sanctions . I also think the Americans will beef up their military presence in the region . It will mean stronger anti-missile defenses going to South Korea and possibly Japan Why is China 's reaction so important ? The Chinese do n't like the idea of international sanctions and coercing other countries . They still have a strategic interest in maintaining a viable separate North Korea as a buffer against a pro-U.S. South Korea and that has only become more important as tensions between the U.S. and China have increased . Are you worried about NK 's tests ? Share your views with CNN On the other hand , a nuclear North Korea that is behaving in an adventuristic way risks very bad outcomes from the Chinese point of view . What China least wants is a more active , antagonistic , robust U.S. military presence in North East Asia in conjunction with the strengthening of military capabilities of allies who are not China 's friends . Chinese companies are more involved in North Korea than they were half a dozen years ago , so the Chinese stand to lose on that front if the U.S. tightens sanctions . Who really calls the shots in North Korea ? North Korean leader  Kim Jong Un has people around him but he 's driving the show . There 's no evidence to suggest that he 's not in charge . All the personnel changes he made he was able to make without enough pushback for it to matter . He 's got military people around him , and his uncle . I do n't see any evidence to see that he 's not ultimately in charge . How significant is the timing of the test ? It 's the birthday of Kim Jong Il  Kim Jong Un 's late father  on  Saturday  . Assuming this  test  is not a total dud , this will be ... great propaganda and they will play it to the hilt . North Koreans are extremely nationalistic . They may be hungry , they may be miserable but by God they 've got a bomb and they can stand up to the rest of the world and that really , really matters in North Korea . You also have a power transitions in Seoul , Tokyo  and the U.S.  . How can Barack Obama not devote more attention to North Korea in his State of the Union address ? Everyone is reacting to them and that 's how they  North Koreans  like it . What do n't we know ? We do n't know yet whether this was a test of a plutonium device or a uranium device . The previous two tests were plutonium . We know they have a uranium enrichment capability . We know that a uranium bomb , once they master it , is easier to make and they have deposits of uranium in North Korea so they can keep digging it up . If they have successfully detonated a uranium bomb and they have moved forward in the process of developing the technical capabilities to miniaturize it and put it on a war head , then in purely military terms it 's worrying The test also raises interesting questions on the proliferation front . The more successful they are with this program , the scarier the consequences should they choose , for example , to provide Iran with test data or fissile material or other information .	Test a "  step forward " in North Korea 's nuclear ambitions , says Chinoy U.S. likely to push for tougher sanctions , he says China 's reaction to nuclear test will be key Timing linked to power transitions in the region and propaganda value
CNN  -- The iconic home of Vito Corleone from the 1972 classic "  The Godfather " is for sale on Staten Island , New York . While broker Connie Profaci said none of the movie 's scenes were shot inside the home , its sprawling 24,000 square foot property was the setting for the Mafia epic 's opening , one of its most memorable scenes : As his daughter 's wedding reception took place out in the yard , Don Vito -- played by Marlon Brando -- held court inside with his capos and fielded requests from wedding guests looking to have someone whacked or strong-armed . The five-bedroom English Tudor , which has changed hands only once since the movie 's filming , "  was gut renovated in 2012 , " by its current owner , according to Profaci , and now it contains such modern amenities as a "  man cave , " a gym , and even an English Pub . The yard , where the movie 's mob patriarch later died , now features a saltwater pool . If you want to make an offer that Profaci wo n't refuse , be prepared to pony up : She 's listed the house for $ 2,895,000 .	The Staten Island home where scenes from "  The Godfather " were filmed is for sale The 5-bedroom English Tudor and 24,000 square foot yard are listed for nearly $ 3 million The opening wedding scene in the 1972 classic was filmed on the property
PANAMA CITY , Panama  CNN  -- Ricardo Martinelli , the multimillionaire owner of a supermarket chain , was inaugurated as president of Panama on Wednesday . Ricardo Martinelli is a pro-business conservative who defeated a candidate from the ruling center-left party . National Assembly President Jose Luis Varela performed the swearing-in and placed the presidential sash on Martinelli , a pro-business conservative who defeated a candidate from the ruling center-left party in May . The citizens of Panama "  want things to be done differently , " Varela said at the inauguration . "  An attitude of change starts today . " In his first speech as president , Martinelli promised a smaller government budget but raises for public workers . Public safety , an issue that the outgoing administration of Martin Torrijos struggled to maintain , will be a priority , Martinelli said . "  Our prisons will be rehabilitation centers , not schools for criminals , " he said . Panama will also work with Mexico and Colombia to combat drug trafficking in the region , Martinelli said . Among the dignitaries at the inauguration was deposed Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya , who was ousted in a military-led coup Sunday . The Organization of American States has condemned the coup , and Zelaya has continued to carry out his presidential duties . The son of Italian immigrants , Martinelli , 57 , is a self-made businessman who is chairman of the Super 99 supermarket chain , one of the largest private companies in Panama . The U.S.-educated president previously served as minister and chairman of the board of directors of the Panama Canal Authority and formerly was director of social security for Panama , according to his Web site . Martinelli won the presidency with 60 percent of the votes in a race against ruling-party candidate Balbina Herrera .	NEW : Deposed Honduran president attends ceremony Supermarket chain owner Ricardo Martinelli inaugurated Martinelli promises smaller government budget , raises for public workers New president says Panama will fight drug trafficking in region
On Monday night at the CNN/Tea Party Republican Debate in Tampa , Florida , Gov. Rick Perry of Texas suggested that he could n't be bought for a campaign contribution of $ 5,000 . That raises the question : Is there a price at which Perry 's loyalty is for sale ? During the debate , House Tea Party Caucus founder and fellow presidential hopeful Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota , alleged that campaign cash and connections to a major drug company played a pivotal role in Perry 's executive order in February 2007 that mandated teenaged girls in Texas be inoculated against HPV , a virus that can cause cervical cancer .  The order was overturned by the legislature two months later and did not go into effect . "  The company was Merck , and it was a $ 5,000 contribution that I had received from them , " Perry responded . "  I raise about $ 30 million . And if you 're saying that I can be bought for $ 5,000 , I 'm offended . " But Merck 's ties to Perry run much deeper than one $ 5,000 check . Merck has given $ 28,500 to Perry 's gubernatorial campaigns since January 2001 , according to a new report by Texans for Public Justice , a political watchdog group , which uses data from the Center for Responsive Politics . And since January 2006 , Merck has given an additional $ 377,500 to the Republican Governors Association , which , in turn , was one of the largest backers of Perry 's own campaigns . Notably , Perry also served as the chairman of the governors association in 2008 and again this year , until last month , when Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell succeeded him , so that Perry could pursue his presidential run . Did Bachmann 's drug lobbyist claims ring true ? Perhaps more importantly , Perry 's friend , former chief of staff Mike Toomey , spun through the revolving door to become a lobbyist for Merck in Texas , a position he held at the time of the HPV-related executive order . Merck was the first company to offer an FDA-approved HPV vaccine , which it offers under the brand name Gardasil . In 2009 , the FDA also approved the drug Cervarix , made by GlaxoSmithKline , which , for its part , has given about the same amount of money as Merck to Perry 's gubernatorial campaigns since 2001 and nearly four times as much as Merck to the Republican Governors Association since 2006 . In fact , three other pharmaceutical companies have given more money to Perry than Merck and substantially more money to the Republican Governors Association than Merck . The absence of attention-grabbing headlines does not signify that these companies expect nothing in exchange for their investments . To the contrary , it is their fiduciary obligation to return a profit to their shareholders . Bankrolling politicians -- Republican and Democrat -- is just another tool to help them meet their goals and , in so doing , bolster their profits . If anything , money spent on political donations and lobbying holds more sway when it is unexamined . Perry 's ties to Merck have made it into the sunlight , and people are now considering his actions in light of their past ties . Is this an example of "  crony capitalism ? " That 's not for the Center for Responsive Politics to decide . It 's the public 's job to decide if the money outweighed the merits in this policy decision , but it needs to have all of the facts in hand to do so . Furthermore , Perry 's actions benefiting donors from the pharmaceutical industry do n't appear to stop with Merck . For instance , drug-maker Novartis Pharmaceuticals has also contributed handsomely to the Republican Governors Association and it has also benefited from Perry 's support . Novartis has donated $ 700,000 to the RGA since January 2006 , although it has only directly donated $ 5,000 to Perry 's own campaign . In 2009 , Perry signed a bill into law mandating meningitis vaccines for all college students , a requirement he expanded again earlier this year . Novartis was not the only pharmaceutical company to benefit from the new requirement , but its Manveo vaccine , introduced less than a year later , fit the bill . As for Toomey , his involvement with Perry does n't end with the HPV vaccine . Earlier this summer , lobbyist Toomey co-founded a super PAC known as Make Us Great Again to aid Perry 's presidential run . According to NBC News , Toomey 's super PAC plans to spend a staggering $ 55 million to help his man win the GOP nomination . If Make Us Great Again does spend more tens of millions to help Perry secure the Republican presidential nomination , what might Toomey and his clients be owed in return ? What might the donors to Make Us Great Again be expecting a President Perry to deliver ?	Sheila Krumholz , Michael Beckel say Rick Perry took heat over HPV vaccine position They say he claims $ 5,000 Merck contribution did n't influence his support for vaccine But , they say , he 's gotten $ 28,500 from Merck since 2001 ; his former aide lobbied for Merck Writers : Now ex-aide runs PAC to help fund Perry 's campaign . What will donors want ?
CNN  -- The question may have been lost in translation , but a visibly angry Secretary of State Hillary Clinton bluntly told a town-hall meeting in the Democratic Republic of Congo on Monday , "  I will you tell you my opinion , I 'm not going to channel my husband . " Hillary Clinton became visibly angry after a translator asked what Bill Clinton would think regarding an issue . The unscripted moment happened as Clinton spoke to students at a Congolese university in Kinshasa , the Congo capital . A male student rose to ask a question about Chinese financial contracts with Congo . The student asked Clinton what President Obama would think of the deal , but pool reporters in the room said the translator made a mistake , posing the question as what would Bill Clinton think . Clinton looked surprised when she first heard the translation in the headset , and then sharply replied , "  You want me to tell you what my husband thinks ? My husband is not the secretary of state , I am . You ask my opinion . I will tell you my opinion ; I 'm not going to channel my husband . " Watch Clinton react to question " At the State Department , Assistant Secretary P.J. Crowley said the question she heard "  struck a nerve , " that her opinion on the matter was apparently of less interest than that of her husband , the former president . Crowley told CNN that Clinton 's answer must be considered in the context of her African trip . "  The secretary of state is going to Goma Tuesday , to draw attention to the plight of women who are victims of rape as a weapon of war " in Congo , Crowley said . "  She did react to what she heard , " Crowley explained , but regardless that the interpreter may have gotten it wrong , "  you ca n't separate the question from the setting . " He said "  If Africa , if Congo is going to advance , women have to play a more significant role . She was in the setting of a town hall , and the questioner was interested in what two men thought , not the secretary of state . " Crowley , who has just returned to Washington after traveling with Clinton during the first part of her trip to Africa , said the State Department has not yet reviewed recordings of the original question , in French , to learn whether the student clearly intended the question to refer to Obama , not former President Clinton . "  She did talk with the student afterward , and they seemed to have reached an understanding , " Crowley said .	Question at town-hall meeting may have been an error of translation When translator posed question , they asked for Bill Clinton 's thoughts Clinton responded : "  I will tell you my opinion ; I 'm not going to channel my husband " State Department : Question "  struck a nerve , " that her opinion was of less interest
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Airport screeners are giving additional scrutiny to remote-controlled toys because terrorists could use them to trigger explosive devices , the Transportation Security Administration said Monday . The TSA suggests travelers place remote-controlled toys in checked luggage . The TSA stopped short of banning the toys in carry-on bags but suggested travelers place them in checked luggage . "  Travelers may encounter additional screening when bringing remote control devices in carry-on baggage , " the TSA said . In addition , anyone carrying such toys , including children , may have to go through secondary screening . The change was not prompted by any specific intelligence , the TSA said . Instead , it was made in response to July 's National Intelligence Estimate , which concluded the United States will face "  a persistent and evolving terrorist threat " in the coming years , and also by generalized threats that noted the use of remote-control toys as detonators . Authorities allege one of two students arrested in South Carolina in August posted a video on YouTube demonstrating how to use a remote-controlled toy to trigger a bomb . The arrested men -- Ahmed Mohamed , 26 , and Youssef Megahed , 21 -- are Egyptian nationals . Mohamed allegedly told authorities he made the videotape about remote bomb detonation to help people in Arab countries fight infidels . In a statement on the TSA 's Web site , Administrator Kip Hawley said , "  We work very closely with law enforcement and intelligence communities about possible methods of attack and it appears that terrorists may have an interest to use these remote-control toys as a means to initiate these devices in a terrorist attack . " Hawley added , "  We want to let passengers know that if they see some different security screening related to remote control devices , they know why we 're doing it . " A TSA spokesman said the agency is publicizing the heightened scrutiny because it wants to be transparent with the public and let terrorists know "  we 're on to them . " E-mail to a friend	TSA : Remote-controlled toys could be used to trigger explosive devices Travelers encouraged to place them in checked luggage Additional screening not prompted by any specific intelligence , agency says
CNN  -- There 's nothing like images of infants and children in distress to make outsiders yearn to help , which is why the unfolding story of Haiti 's orphans -- the most helpless of earthquake victims -- has kept people riveted . But what can be done and what should be the focus of attention and efforts remains a mystery to many Americans , who are flooding the phone lines of organizations , seeking to adopt these children -- immediately . The offer to open arms , hearts and homes is no doubt well-intentioned , but several leading aid organizations recently said new adoptions should stop and not be rushed . They want to protect children wrongly identified as orphans from being moved out of the country or falling victim to child traffickers . To help people understand what is and what can be , here are the facts as they stand right now : Understanding the numbers In 2007 , the United Nations Children 's Fund , or UNICEF , estimated that there were 380,000 orphans in Haiti . But -- emphasis on "  but " -- that number is rough at best , said Christopher de Bono , a UNICEF spokesman . The oversight of children in the system has been lousy in Haiti , de Bono said , and parents -- burdened by hardships -- have been known to leave their children in orphanages on a temporary basis . So determining who was truly orphaned before the earthquake was next to impossible . Despite the large number of orphans , as of last summer , Haiti had only about 100 licensed orphanages and 67 crèches  orphanages licensed to perform adoptions  , according to the Haitian Adoption Authority , or IBESR . Orphanages generally have no more than 150 children , according to adoption officials in the United States . This means most kids described as orphans in Haiti have not been housed in licensed establishments . Add to this the recent chaos and inevitable loss of documentation , and nailing down an accurate number of orphans becomes even more difficult . Since the 7.0 earthquake struck two weeks ago , 497 Haitian orphans have been evacuated to the United States , according to Tuesday 's figure from a U.S. State Department official . These were children confirmed to be orphans and already far along in the adoption process with identified families waiting for them . In total , 500 orphans had been issued travel documents to go to the United States , said Kathleen Strottman , executive director of the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute , a Washington-based nonprofit organization that works to raise awareness about children worldwide in need of homes . Strottman estimates more than 900 orphans -- including more than 400 who do n't yet have travel documents -- were in the process of being adopted from Haiti and placed in American homes . The actual match between family and child , she says , happens early in the two - to three-year adoption process , which is why this limbo stage is so painful for families who cling to photos of a child they 've already grown to love . Should doors open to more children ? Late last week , three aid groups -- Save the Children , World Vision and a unit of the British Red Cross -- issued a joint statement , asking for an immediate halt to any new adoptions of Haitian children . The crux of their argument was that hasty adoptions could break up families that may still have a chance of coming together again . Rather than whisk these children off to a foreign land , which might create a new set of problems for already traumatized young ones , these organizations , as well as many advocates in the adoption field , said the children should be cared for where they are -- provided with food , shelter , clothing and medical care -- and given the chance to reunite with family members who may be frantically searching for them . It 's better to give to the organizations that are on the ground , looking out for the welfare of kids , they say . UNICEF released a statement last week echoing this stance and saying that efforts to register unaccompanied children are under way . "  Every effort will be made to reunite children with their families . Only if that proves impossible , and after proper screening has been carried out , should permanent alternatives like adoption be considered by the relevant authorities , " said Ann Veneman , UNICEF 's executive director . "  Screening for international adoption for some Haitian children had been completed prior to the earthquake . Where this is the case , there are clear benefits to speeding up their travel to their new homes . " Added to the concern for these children are fears of increased trafficking and sexual exploitation . Before the earthquake , UNICEF estimated that as many as 2,000 Haitian children were being trafficked annually to the Dominican Republic , which shares the island of Hispaniola with Haiti , often with the consent of parents . These worries , and the desire to rejoin children with their loving family members , are not lost on U.S. lawmakers who came out Tuesday in support of a more efficient adoption process for Haiti . No one wants to tear children from the waiting arms of family members , nor do they want to place kids in danger . But for those who are "  true orphans , " Sen. Mary Landrieu , D-Louisiana , and other senators from both parties , are throwing their political weight behind the issue . They say it 's time to cut through the red tape that slows down the adoption process and drags it on for years -- for the sake of verified orphans living in Haiti , but also for those who span the globe and will still need loving homes after the media coverage surrounding Haiti 's earthquake dies down . These lawmakers are pushing this week to get the Families for Orphans Act out of a Senate committee and onto the floor for a vote . The bill would create an office in the State Department to specifically handle adoption issues and look out for the best interests of the world 's most vulnerable children . The stance of the Haitian authorities , though , appears unbending . "  The Haitian government is very clear on this , " said Marie-Laurence Jocelyn Lessgue , the communications minister . "  We are facilitating all of the adoption applications already submitted . Other than those , no child will be leaving the country for adoption . "	Images of Haitian infants and children in distress keep world watching and worried Calls from families hoping to adopt Haitian orphans flood phone lines Aid agencies explain why hasty adoptions are dangerous and offer advice on how to help U.S. lawmakers step in , trying to make adoptions more efficient
CNN  She 's one of the most powerful women in football after cracking one of sports ' most notorious glass ceilings , but even Mia Hamm is not immune from the demands of domestic drudgery . "  Sorry for all of the noise , " she says as the clatter of workmen and screaming kids crackles down the phone line . "  The people who were supposed to be here 30 minutes ago to fix our carpets have just shown up ! " A proud mother of seven-year-old twin girls and a baby boy , Hamm was for the best part of two decades America 's foremost footballer . Though the World Cup winner and double Olympic gold medalist -- described as "  the biggest U.S.-born soccer star of all time " -- is swift to laugh off such lofty titles . "  I 'm just a former player that every day has to wake up , get her kids to school and figure out what I 'm making them for lunch and dinner , " the 42-year-old Hamm , who played for the U.S. women 's team on over 200 occasions between 1987 and 2004 , told CNN . However , it 's not just the school run and her kids ' packed lunches that Hamm has on her mind these days . Appointed to the board of directors at major Italian club Roma , she occupies a position within the sport that few other women can match . As well as her role in the "  Eternal City , " the Alabama native is a minority owner of the newly-formed Los Angeles Football Club  LAFC  -- which will join Major League Soccer  MLS  in 2017 . "  I never stand up there and say ` I 'm doing this to get more women in football , ' " says Hamm of her appointment at Roma , which is owned by Italian American investor James Pallotta . "  But I take pride in the fact and I look at it as a great responsibility to make sure I do the best job I can . "  I personally did n't say yes just to tick a box . I think they will soon learn that I have opinions , I have ideas . " Hamm 's links to the Italian capital go beyond the boardroom . Her parents lived in the city for over four years when she was younger , with her father -- an Air Force pilot -- working at the U.S. embassy in Rome . That was when Hamm first became aware of the team affectionately known as the "  Giallorossi "  the yellow-reds  . "  It was one of the clubs I could follow on the local TV , " she explains . "  It was the colors I would see when I would walk around Rome . "  So my holidays , Christmas and a couple of weeks over summer were spent over in Rome . AS Roma was the team I started following then . " Pallotta , who took over Roma in 2012 , has grand ambitions for the club that include the construction of a new 52,000-seater stadium for the three-time Italian champions . The Bostonian 's vision appealed to Hamm , who hopes to raise the club 's international profile -- especially in the U.S. . She wants to ensure that "  when people are talking about their favorite teams , AS Roma is one of the teams that comes out of their mouth " and hopes the club continues its recent trend of touring the U.S. during the European offseason . "  I 'd love to be a part of that and helping get the fan support , " she insists . "  Even though I know there 's an incredible fan support here for Roma . " Hamm 's own relationship with the game dates back to her childhood when , perhaps surprisingly , she had a hard time convincing her coach to let her play . That coach also happened to be her dad , and the eager Hamm was barely out of diapers . "  I was n't allowed to play organized soccer until I turned five , " says Hamm . "  I had an older brother and a sister that were a year apart . They were on the same team and my dad happened to be coaching them . "  I just remember standing on the sidelines , collecting balls for them when they went wide of the goal , hoping my dad would say , ` Hey Mia , do you want to jump in ? ' "  Those are some of the early memories , hanging out with older siblings , getting beat up by them and their friends at practice but loving it . "  I just wanted to belong to a team . " Eventually her father relented and finally let the precocious ball girl enter the fray . Hamm did n't look back . Her glittering career saw the prolific goalscorer help grow football in the U.S. , firstly as the youngest member of the team which won the inaugural Women 's World Cup in 1991 . Olympic glory followed as Hamm added a gold medal to her resume in front of fervent home support at the 1996 Altanta Games . Three years later -- once again on home soil -- Hamm scored in a tense penalty shootout as the U.S. narrowly beat China at the Pasadena Rose Bowl to lift the World Cup for a second time . Fast forward to Athens 2004 and she became a double Olympic champion , having added a silver medal to her collection of precious metals at the 2000 Games in Sydney . Hamm 's experiences within such successful teams had a profound effect on her as she grew in confidence , learned how to work with others , while also boosting her self-esteem . Above all , she learned how to handle failure . "  We have two daughters of our own who are about seven and a half and I just see the excitement , " she explains , "  the lessons that they are learning every single time they go out there . "  It 's no surprise to me . You look across the board , not just with female athletes but with Fortune 500 companies , and women that are in top executive positions all played some kind of sports growing up . They talk about the empowerment they felt . "  Getting kids up and motivated and then all of the wonderful things they experience and learn through sport are so important . Much more than you would ever get sat in front of your TV . " As well as her Roma role , Hamm is part of a band of celebrities who have signed up as minority owners of LAFC , a new team hoping to act as rivals to Los Angeles Galaxy , which won its fifth championship in 2014 . NBA legend "  Magic " Johnson and Hamm 's husband Nomar Garciaparra , a former pro baseball player , are both part of a star-spangled ownership team . The continued expansion of MLS -- which commissioner Don Garber hopes will swell to 24 teams by 2020 -- is proof of soccer 's growing popularity in the U.S. , with women forming part of the professional ranks . Formed in 2013 , the National Women 's Soccer League  NWSL  allows eight teams to vie for domestic glory , a welcome development following multiple false starts for the female game in America , the most recent setback arriving when Women 's Professional Soccer ceased operations in 2012 . Although the country also boasts the Women 's Premier Soccer League -- which houses both professional and amateur teams -- Hamm hopes the NWSL can cement itself on the nation 's sporting landscape . "  The success of the MLS will help the NWSL , " insists Hamm . "  The success of the U.S. national teams will help the NWSL . "  There are several teams that are tied to MLS clubs and that could be the potential for the future where we 're able to share facilities , share infrastructure . " So when LAFC enters the league , will it also boast a women 's team ? "  Do n't know yet , " says a candid Hamm . "  For me , it just makes sense , in one of the largest hotbed of girls ' club soccer in the country , if not the world . "  Being a part of the ownership group , we have a lot of work ahead of us . The women 's team is n't their first priority , but I want it to be in the conversation . "  I 'm going to make sure it 's something that 's discussed consistently because it 's the right thing to do and this area will support it . There are so many talented players in this area , up and down the coast . " As far as Hamm is concerned , the future of U.S. soccer is bright -- regardless of gender . "  I 'm always hopeful , I love the game too much , " she says . "  It does n't mean I 'm naive , but I want the game to succeed in this country and the women 's side is a huge part of that . "	Mia Hamm won World Cups and Olympic medals with the U.S. women 's soccer team She played for her country on over 200 occasions across three decades Hamm is now a board member at AS Roma and minority owner of Los Angeles Football Club
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- In case you plan to see Wednesday 's GOP debate , allow me to offer up some crib notes so you do n't get lost . First , when you hear the candidates talk about "  job creators , " that 's just another way of saying "  rich people " or "  the guy bankrolling my super Pac . " When someone says "  family values , " that 's to remind the audience that they do n't like gay people ; "  religious freedom " means "  Christianity " ; and it 's not really a GOP debate until a candidate attacks the "  liberal media " for asking questions they 're too afraid to answer . Now there will be plenty of other buzz words and euphemisms that will be tossed around during the debate , but since it is being held in Arizona , chances are the most popular phrase will be "  secure the border . " We must secure the border . The candidates will argue that it 's a matter of national security . That it is n't just the friendly illegal immigrants looking for work we must worry about , but terrorists , drug lords and other criminals who seek to make their way through our porous border . They will say if they were president they would build walls , add troops , even commission a Death Star to keep this country safe . Newt Gingrich has promised to build a double fence along the entire southern border , adding , " "  The United States must control its border . It is a national security imperative , " Ron Paul said "  If elected president , I would move to quickly end foreign nation building efforts and use many of the resources we waste playing world 's policemen to control our southern border . " They all will receive applause , and it will all sound great ... until you realize that "  secure the border " is slang for "  keep the Mexicans out . " Oh boy , here comes the black guy playing the race card again . Yep , that 's me -- pointing out that the Canadian border is largely ignored in this dialogue despite being more than twice the size of the Mexican border and less than 1 % secure , according to a 2011 report by the Government Accountability Office . Even if we were to disregard the 1,538 miles between Alaska and Canada , the 3,987 mile border connecting the lower 48 to our neighbors up north is still much larger than the 1,933-mile stretch that connects us to Mexico . And yet the attention we give the northern border is miniscule at best when compared to the resources we allocate to the south . There are definitely reasons for serious concern about safety along the Mexican border , but according to our own intelligence , Mexico should hardly be our only concern . You would think presidential hopefuls genuinely concerned about our safety would remember that just four years ago , Michael Chertoff , President Bush 's Homeland Security secretary , said he was more afraid of terrorists coming into the country from Canada than Mexico and that his department arrested more people connected to al Qaeda and Hezbollah trying to come in from up north than down south . This is not to perpetuate the myth that the September 11 terrorists came through Canada or defame our northern neighbors . But rather to point out the glaring disconnect between some of the crowd-pleasing rhetoric the GOP candidates like to deliver about "  securing the border " and the more nuanced reality . For example , did you know reports show that from 2007 to 2009 , the amount of marijuana seized at the Canadian border jumped 22 % and that Homeland Security has seen a sharp increase in the trafficking of more dangerous drugs such as heroin , cocaine and ecstasy ? Yes , there are drug tunnels along the southern border , but the Drug Enforcement Administration also found a 360-foot drug tunnel from a hut in Canada to a house in the state of Washington as well . We know an estimated 350,000 people trying to come in through Mexico in 2011 were stopped . We also know that number is down from the 447,731 arrests made in 2010 and that is significantly less than the 1,643,679 people stopped in 2000 . What we do n't know is how many people are illegally trying to get in from Canada , because less than 1 % of the world 's largest border is secure . Conversely , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said the Mexican border is as secure as it has ever been , adding , "  It is clear from every measure we currently have that this approach is working . " Still , judging from the tone of the immigration talk so far in this campaign , no one debating in Arizona on Wednesday really seems to care about either point . Why ? Last year a group of senators had to petition the Obama administration for military assistance to catch the drug traffickers who were using low-flying planes to move their products from Canada into the United States . Ten years after 9/11 and we still had undetected aircraft crossing the border because it was n't the border we 're scared of . You know , this whole immigration discussion would be a lot more productive if the people leading it would be more honest and stop pretending as if it 's only about national security . It 's a part , but the larger truth is that nonwhite people will be the majority in this country by 2040 and this browning of America scares the hell out of a lot of people , particularly some white people . The thinking goes that if the country can deport the Mexicans who are illegally here and stop new ones from coming in , maybe that trend will slow down or even reverse . That sentiment is at the core of the racial profiling laws started in Arizona and is at the core of the entire illegal immigration conversation . It 's a clumsy attempt to talk about race without mentioning race so as not to appear racist . But the dialogue is transparent because if it was really about "  securing the border , " the facts suggest Canada would be a big part of the conversation and not just an afterthought . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	"  Secure the border " has been a theme of the GOP presidential campaign LZ Granderson asks why focus is on Mexico border rather than larger one to the north He says the U.S.-Canada border is less than 1 % secure Granderson : Hidden message in the debate is about race and fears of a changing America
CNN  -- Unexpected space debris came flying close to the International Space Station on Tuesday , prompting its six astronauts to take shelter inside two Soyuz capsules , NASA said . Russia 's Interfax news agency said preliminary data on "  the dangerous approach " shows that the "  trash " came within about 250 meters  820 feet  of the station . NASA spokesman Kelly Humphries said it was not immediately known how close the debris came , but that 820 feet was the closest it could have come , according to NASA 's projections . Officials at NASA are investigating what the debris was , NASA spokesman Joshua Buck said . By the time it was spotted , it was "  too late to make an avoidance maneuver , " so NASA ordered the six crew members to "  shelter in place , " Buck said . About 7:30 a.m. ET , the crew members climbed into the two Soyuz capsules positioned at the station . NASA determined that the debris would come closest to the station at 8:08 a.m. ET . Three minutes later , at 8:11 a.m. ET , the all-clear was sounded and astronauts were allowed to exit the capsules , Buck said . Buck described the debris as an "  unknown object of unknown size . " - CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report	NEW : The debris comes within about 820 feet , Interfax reports NEW : A NASA spokesman says the exact distance is not yet known The debris was spotted "  too late to make an avoidance maneuver , " NASA says Officials are investigating where the debris came from
CNN  -- A 6.6-magnitude earthquake struck early Sunday in the western Pacific off Papua New Guinea , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The tremor did not immediately prompt any tsunami warnings by the U.S. National Weather Service 's Pacific Tsunami Warning Center or the Japan Meteorological Agency . The Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission Tsunami Programme , which is affiliated with the United Nations , likewise said historical data suggests there is "  no destructive widespread tsunami threat . " "  However , earthquakes of this size sometimes generate local tsunamis that can be destructive along coasts located within a hundred kilometers of the earthquake epicenter , " the IOC said in a bulletin . "  Authorities in the region of the epicenter should be aware of this possibility and take appropriate action . " The quake was centered 70 kilometers  43.5 miles  deep under the ocean floor , the U.S. Geological Survey said . It happened shortly after 6 a.m. Sunday  4 p.m. ET Saturday  . The epicenter was about 33 kilometers south-southeast of Taron , in the eastern part of Papua New Guinea . The island nation 's capital of Port Moresby was some 850 kilometers away . There were no immediate reports of damage due to the quake .	NEW : An international group warns such a quake can "  generate local tsunamis " The quake struck around 6 a.m. Sunday local time It hit about 37 kilometers from Taron in eastern Papua New Guinea
Amazon is trying it . UPS has considered it . Ice fishermen in Minnesota used it to get beer . Yelp created one just for burritos . Google is the latest company to branch out into delivery by drone , it revealed Thursday . The technology giant started running its first test flights earlier this month as part of Project Wing , a secretive , 2-year-old program exploring drone delivery . A team of Google engineers and experts on unmanned aerial vehicles , called UAVs , safely carried out more than 30 test flights this month , transporting an assortment of goods including chocolate bars , a water bottle , radios , a first aid kit , dog treats and a cattle vaccine one kilometer . It conducted the tests on a farm in Queensland , Australia , to avoid the FAA 's strict guidelines that limit the use of UAVs in the United States . Google developed its own prototype hybrid drone with fixed wings and four rotors for the tests . It is 1.5 meters wide and can soar as high as 60 meters , far enough up to dodge houses and trees . Drones have the potential to revolutionize how goods are transported . In typical Google fashion , the company is presenting Project Wing as a way to make the world better , rather than as a tool to boost its bottom line ; an early goal of the program was to deliver defibrillators to heart attack victims . Now Google imagines using the vehicles to deliver medicine and help the environment . UAVs can rise above traffic congestion , make a beeline for remote locations where roads are shoddy or nonexistent , and potentially cut down on pollution by replacing cars or trucks . In emergencies where regular routes are blocked , a drone could quickly ferry water and medicine to people in need . The Atlantic 's Alexis Madrigal got an inside look at the previously undisclosed program , which was headed by MIT roboticist Nick Roy and Google -LSB- x -RSB- lab director Astro Teller . "  What excited us from the beginning was that if the right thing could find anybody just in the moment that they need it , the world might be a radically better place , " Teller told Madrigal . Actual drone delivery , at least by Google , is still years off . The project 's next goal is to determine if delivery by UAV is even viable . Then it will focus on safety features to handle potential problems like midair collisions and crashes . It also wants to reduce the noise made by its drones and fine tune navigation features to address issues like privacy . Project Wing is part of Google -LSB- x -RSB- , the company 's lab dedicated to making big technical leaps , like Google Glass and self-driving cars . The department is led by Google co-founder Sergey Brin . This is not the first time Google has taken to the skies . It purchased a drone company , Titan Aerospace , for a reported $ 60 million in April . It is also working on Project Loon , which is testing the use of high-altitude balloons to bring Internet connections to remote areas . It also works with Makani , a company developing airborne wind turbines that hover between 80 and 350 meters in the air . The undersea drones revealing the ocean 's secrets Hollywood to feds : Let us use drones	Google 's Project Wing has flown more than 30 test flights with drones The company is experimenting using drones to deliver goods like first aid kits The project is part of its secretive Google -LSB- x -RSB- lab Any potential drone delivery service is still years away for the company
CNN  -- Crew members aboard the International Space Station are awaiting word on how to deal with leaking ammonia from an outside cooling system , NASA said Thursday in a news release . The six-man crew is not in danger , NASA said . The space station crew reported seeing small white flakes floating away from the station , the space agency said . NASA helped locate the leak with external cameras while the crew used hand-held cameras pointed out windows . The leak was in a cooling loop in a solar array that has leaked before . NASA said crew members tried to fix the leak in November . It is unclear whether this is the same leak or a new one . The cooling system could shut down within 24 hours , it said . It is devising a plan to reroute other sources of power so that all systems remain fully operational . Ammonia is used to cool each of the solar arrays that provide electricity to station systems , NASA said . Three crew members -- commander Chris Hadfield of Canada , NASA astronaut Tom Marshburn and Russian cosmonaut Roman Romanenko -- are scheduled to leave the station on Monday at 7:08 p.m. ET . Hadfield asked NASA if the leak will affect the undocking . Capsule Communicator Doug Wheelock said officials at the Mission Control Center in Houston do n't see anything that they ca n't overcome technically , but they would have more information in the morning . Three crew members , NASA astronaut Chris Cassidy and Russian counterparts Alexander Misurkin and Pavel Vinogradov , will remain on the space station when the others leave . They will be joined at the end of the month by three new crew members -- NASA astronaut Karen Nyberg , Russian cosmonaut Fiyodor Yurchikhin and European Space Agency astronaut Luca Parmitano , who are due to launch aboard a Russian Soyuz spacecraft on May 28 . The space station is operating normally aside from the leak , NASA said .	The ammonia is leaking from a cooling loop on a solar array Crew tried to fix a leak in the same system in November NASA says there is no danger to the space station crew Three crew members are scheduled to end their mission on Monday
CNN  Anyone stuck reading this while waiting for a delayed flight should take note : next time fly via Bristol Airport . The small airport serving the southwest England port city has emerged as the world 's most punctual aviation hub in 2014 , outperforming some of the biggest destinations on the planet . With connections to Europe and north Africa , Bristol managed to get 94.4 % of its flights on or off the ground within 15 minutes of schedule , according to stats from UK-based aviation data monitors OAG . It 's a figure that might discomfit officials at the main airports serving London -- including Europe 's busiest at Heathrow  75.5 %  -- none of which made the top rankings , with the exception of London Luton . That puts it top of the league not only for small airports , but also larger facilities . John Grant , OAG executive vice president , says the findings of his company 's first annual "  Punctuality League " were positive , although many leading operators would probably be looking to up their game in 2015 . "  With many airports and airlines achieving in excess of 90 % on-time performance within 15 minutes of schedule there is a lot to celebrate , " he said . European destinations dominated the timekeeping list when it comes to small airports , with Bristol followed closely by Brussels South Charleroi Airport at 93.1 % and Berlin Schoenefeld at 92.3 % . Japan 's Osaka International Airport claimed the top spot for medium sized airports with 93.2 % , followed by Moscow Sheremetyevo  89.8 %  and Copenhagen Airport  89.8 %  . The most punctual large air hub was named as Munich Airport  89 %  -- a fact that 'll do little to dispel stereotypes of German efficiency , but one that also highlights the five-year delay to Berlin 's still unopened Brandenburg Airport . Munich was followed by Tokyo Haneda at 87.9 % and Seattle 's Sea-Tac Airport at 86.2 % . The world 's busiest air destination , Atlanta , was ranked 12th on the large airports list with a score of 82.4 % . Dubai , at 14th with 82.3 % , was the only Middle Eastern airport to make any of the top twenties . In a week when it emerged that passengers spent 28 hours stuck on a delayed flight from Abu Dhabi to San Francisco , OAG 's rankings for the world 's most punctual airlines makes interesting reading . Smaller operations again took the lead , with Latvia 's airBaltic outperforming all others at 94.9 % . Second and third were Hawaiian Airlines at 92.3 % and Austrian Airlines at 90 % . The rest of the top 10 includes : Iberia  89.7 %  , KLM  89.4 %  , Saudi Arabian Airlines  89.4 %  , SAS  89.1 %  , Japan Airlines  88.8 %  , Finnair  88.6  and Alaska Airlines  88.5 %  . Norwegian Air Shuttle was named the most punctual low-cost carrier , with almost nine out of 10 flights sticking to schedule . It was followed by Thai AirAsia and EasyJet .	UK 's small Bristol Airport outperforms larger rivals when it comes to timekeeping , according to OAG report More than 94 % of flights take off or land from Bristol on time -- better than any other airport worldwide Small carriers top OAG 's airline punctuality charts , with airBaltic taking the top honors
CNN  -- A Japanese rocket roared into orbit early Friday  Thursday afternoon ET  carrying what NASA calls its most precise instrument yet for measuring rain and snowfall . The Global Precipitation Measurement  GPM  satellite is the first of five earth science launches NASA has planned for 2014 . The 4-ton spacecraft is the most sophisticated platform yet for measuring rainfall , capable of recording amounts as small as a hundredth of an inch an hour , said Gail Skofronick Jackson , GPM 's deputy project scientist . The $ 900 million satellite is a joint project with the Japanese space agency JAXA , and it lifted off from Tanegashima Space Center at 3:37 a.m. Friday  1:37 p.m. Thursday ET  . In a little over a half hour , it had reached orbit , deployed its solar panels and began beaming signals back to its controllers , NASA said . Also , once fully activated , GPM will use both radar and microwave instruments to detect falling snow for the first time . It will also combine data from other satellites with its own readings , beaming back a snapshot of worldwide precipitation every three hours , Jackson said . "  We can start using the data for all sorts of applications -- for floods , for landslide predictions , for tracking hurricanes so we know what part of the coastline to evacuate , " Jackson said . That data will boost not only immediate storm forecasts , but also aid climate scientists who have been working on long-term models of a changing world . "  We can start validating and verifying what the scientists are saying from the models that say we 're going to have more extreme precipitation , " she said . "  Where there 's heavy precipitation now , the climate models are saying there 'll continue to be more intense precipitation there , and where there 's droughts , they think the droughts will be more intense . " The craft has enough fuel for at least five years and is expected to last longer -- so when combined with earlier missions , it will give NASA an unbroken 25 - to 30-year rainfall record , Jackson said .	Satellite will beam back the most precise measurements of rain and snow yet It is launched in Japan NASA says it will help both short-term forecasts and long-term climate projections
CNN  -- The body of an Air Force pilot has been found off the coast of Italy , three days after the F-16 he was flying went missing , his family announced Thursday . Read more : U.S. jet missing off Italy ; search for pilot under way "  It is with great sadness that we announce that the body Capt. Lucas Gruenther was found in the Adriatic Sea this afternoon . A compassionate husband , a loving son , and a devoted brother ; Luc leaves behind a family who loves him dearly and a legacy of achievement , " the family statement said . Controllers lost contact with the F-16 around 8 p.m. Monday  2 p.m. ET  while the jet was on a training flight , the U.S. Air Force reported . Italian search teams found debris believed to be from the fighter jet Tuesday . The aircraft was based at Aviano Air Base , a key NATO installation in northern Italy .	NEW : The body of the U.S. pilot has been found The F-16 went went missing Monday over the Adriatic Sea Debris from the jet was discovered Wednesday
CNN  -- William D. Green After a six-year relationship , Accenture ended its association with Tiger Woods . The global consulting company becomes the first major sponsor to cut ties with the golfer , who admitted to infidelity and announced he was taking an indefinite leave from the sport . The son of a plumber , Green , chairman and CEO of Accenture , told The New York Times in November that integrity and character are important to him . "  I like taking the responsibility , but I had no idea about the spiritual part . The spiritual obligation to the lives of 177,000 people is a big deal . I 'm a guy who had trouble being responsible for his own life in the early days , and now I 've got 177,000 people that look up to me . That took a little getting used to , " Green told the Times . CNN : Accenture ending sponsorship deal with Woods Accenture : William D. Green bio Silvio Berlusconi Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi spent the night in a Milan hospital after an attacker hit him in the face with a model of a cathedral at a Sunday campaign rally . Berlusconi , 73 , is receiving antibiotics , anti-inflammatory medication and painkillers Monday , a doctor said , after the attack left him with broken teeth and a fractured nose . In recent months , Mr. Berlusconi also has faced tax fraud charges , protest rallies in Rome , allegations of hiring escorts and a divorce case from his wife of 19 years . CNN : Berlusconi has fractured nose , broken teeth BBC : Silvio Berlusconi profile Michelle Rhee The Washington schools chancellor made headlines last week when students in her school system showed progress on national math tests , D.C. being the only one of 11 urban districts to demonstrate significant increases . In June , Rhee fired some 250 young and tenured teachers for poor performance or failure to get a license , The Washington Post reported . On Monday , a Wall Street Journal editorial questioned why the Obama administration was n't doing more to back her reform ideas . Wall Street Journal : Who 's got Michelle Rhee 's back ? Newsweek : An unlikely gambler Stephen King The best-selling author and his wife , Tabitha , are donating $ 12,999 to help 150 soldiers from the Maine Army National Guard travel by bus from Indiana to Maine and come home for the holidays , according to the Bangor  Maine  Daily News . The soldiers are scheduled to depart for Afghanistan in January , the paper said . Bangor Daily News : Kings paying way home for troops StephenKing.com : About the author Robert G. Heft In 1958 , the Lancaster , Ohio , student designed and sewed an American flag for a high school history project . President Eisenhower chose Heft 's design for the first 50-star banner to replace the existing 48-star flag . Heft died this weekend at age 67 , The Saginaw  Michigan  News reported . The Saginaw News : Flag designer Bob Heft dies at 67 What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	Accenture ends sponsorship deal with Tiger Woods Attack leaves Italian prime minister with fractured nose , broken teeth Designer of 50-state U.S. flag dies at 67 , Michigan paper reports
CNN  -- In this fast-paced , dog-eat-dog , "  I got mine " country , happiness may seem like a luxury item : something extra , not integral , to the way we measure success . But how backward is this ? Happiness is a foundational concept in life . The Founding Fathers considered "  life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness " important enough to go to war over it . They recognized how the success of a new nation hinged on the happiness of its citizens . This is as true today , but the concept gets devalued : How can mere "  happiness " be a serious concern ? The United Nations General Assembly proclaimed Thursday , March 20 , International Day of Happiness . The mission is to spark a universal goal of happiness and well-being for people from around the world . Some organizations , like the Happiness Institute , an Australia-based organization that provides services based on the science of happiness , is using it as a start date for a seven-day challenge aimed at boosting your level of happiness . For example , today 's challenge focuses on creating a positive vision of your future . Pop culture is already on board with happiness . And happiness sells ! From books , to movies , clothing and jewelry and even food , we yearning humans will lay down money for joy . Talk shows and commercials regularly engage our natural happiness craving . The song "  Happy " by Pharrell Williams has been No. 1 on the iTunes charts for a month . The artist even created a 24-hour video of people who are singing and dancing to the song . Billboard has created a top 20 Happy songs of all time , which include the classics "  Happy Together " by the Turtles and "  Do n't Worry Be Happy " from Bobby McFerrin . On social media you will find happiness organizations and groups , posts on Facebook , Twitter and Tumbler , and even happy pictures on Instagram . In fact , you can catch hash tags that show how much we warm up to the concept , like , #Happy , #LiveHappy , #HappyDay , #Happiness . You get my point . Happily , there is also some serious science behind all this emotion . For starters , happiness is not about "  stuff . " It appears that winning the lottery may not provide long-term satisfaction . One study found that a year after gaining that winning ticket , well , people often feel no happier and in some cases less happy . Strange , but true . And research shows that once your basic financial needs are met , the way to increase your level of overall happiness has more to do with creating experiences . Indeed , planning a vacation with friends and family will create memories that will serve your well-being better than spending money on lots of material items . Jeroen Nawijn conducted a study with 466 international tourists in the Netherlands . He found that people express greater happiness on vacation . Participants expressed wildly positive attitudes , like , "  having a great time traveling with friends " and "  this is the best day of my life ! " Happiness is also about being "  present . " Jennifer Aakers , Melanie Rudd , and Cassie Mogilner , from Stanford University , conducted a study that identified five principles that link happiness to how one spends time . A key principle focuses on expanding your time . For example , when you are having lunch with a friend , focus on that moment . Slow down time by not thinking about future events -- such as picking up dry cleaning , grocery shopping or other errands . Instead , toss your phone , tune out the world and tune in to the person in front of you . Small things , but they can make a big difference ; they can simply make you happier . No , happiness is not overrated . But so what if it were ? If there is anything in life we should overdose on , it is this . Being in a joyful place will help you smile even when times are tough . So , go ahead , pour yourself a glass of happy , because your happy hour is now . Cheers . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kortni Alston .	Kortni Alston says the study of happiness has become a serious pursuit Happiness is all over , she says , in music , movies , books , clothing and even the grocery store Pharrell Williams has topped the charts with his song "  Happy " Thursday marks International Happiness Day
Rolling Stone  -- The Sonisphere Knebworth festival , which was to host performances by Kiss , Marilyn Manson and a version of Queen fronted by Adam Lambert , has been cancelled . According to organizers , plans for the event -- which was to be held in Stevenage , England on July 6-8 -- were scrapped due to unforeseen difficulties . "  It is with very heavy hearts and much regret that we announce the cancellation of Sonisphere Knebworth 2012 , " reads a statement on the festival 's website . "  Putting the festival together in what is proving to be a very challenging year was more difficult than we anticipated . Unfortunately circumstances have dictated that we would be unable to run the festival to a standard that both the artists and that Sonisphere 's audience would rightly expect . " Other Sonisphere festivals , including events in Poland , Spain and Swizterland , will go on as planned with Metallica as a headliner . It is unclear how the cancellation of the festival will affect the touring plans of other bands on the bill , which also included Evanescence , Faith No More , Flogging Molly , Mastodon , Andrew W.K. , Incubus and the Darkness . The Sonisphere Knebworth festival is the only date scheduled for a Queen performance featuring Lambert . As of yet , neither Lambert or Queen have commented on the possibility of making alternate plans . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The Sonisphere Knebworth festival in Stevenage , England has been cancelled It was going to host a version of Queen fronted by Adam Lambert Other Sonisphere festivals , including events in Poland , Spain and Swizterland , will go on as planned
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Six roasted fetuses covered with gold for black magic rituals were found in a Bangkok hotel room , and the gruesome discovery led to the arrest of a British citizen Friday , Thai police said . Chow Hok Kuen , a 28-year-old Briton of Taiwanese origin , faces charges of hiding and covering dead bodies and a jail term of up to a year , police said . The arrest came after police were tipped off about a website advertising the sale of the fetuses . Police searched Chow 's hotel room and found the fetuses packed in a box inside Chow 's baggage , they said . Chow said that he planned to sell fetuses in Taiwan and that one could be worth up to 200,000 Thai baht , or $ 6,300 , police said . He told police that the black magic rituals with fetuses are believed to bring good fortune for businesspeople . Police say it 's unclear where the fetuses came from . The British Foreign Office confirmed the arrest and will provide consular assistance if necessary .	The six fetuses were found in a Bangkok hotel room They are said to be used for black magic rituals Britain confirmed the arrest
CNN  -- The leadership of North Korea appeared to pass to a third generation of the Kim family Monday after the weekend death of Kim Jong Il , who ruled the reclusive Stalinist state since 1994 . The man known as the "  dear leader " died of a heart attack Saturday at age 69 , state news outlets announced Monday . The ruling Worker 's Party declared the youngest of his three sons , Kim Jong Un , the "  great successor " to his father 's mantle . Kim Jong Il had led North Korea since his father -- the nation 's founder , Kim Il Sung -- died at age 82 . During his 17 years in power , the country suffered a devastating famine even as it built up its million-strong army , expanded its arsenal of ballistic missiles and became the world 's eighth declared nuclear power . News of his death spurred South Korea , which remains technically at war with the North more than five decades after their 1950-53 conflict , to put its military on high alert . But across one of the world 's most heavily fortified borders , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak told his citizens "  to go about their lives " in the meantime . "  For the sake of the future of the Republic of Korea , peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula is more important than anything else . It should not be threatened by what has happened , " he said . And Kim Young-mok , the South Korean consul in New York , told CNN 's "  American Morning " that Seoul 's top priority is to avoid "  anything troublesome . " "  I do n't think that North Korea can afford some provocation at this point , but we must make sure that everything is OK , " he said . North Korea tested nuclear weapons in 2006 and 2009 . Monday , it fired a short-range missile over the East Sea -- but Gen. Martin Dempsey , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told CNN that U.S. officials have seen no sign of any movement of North Korean forces across the Demilitarized Zone that separates the North and South . North Korean officers had reported plans for its missile test to the commission that monitors the 1953 armistice , Dempsey said during a trip to Germany . He said no heightened alert has been issued for the nearly 30,000 American troops in South Korea , which has a mutual-defense pact with the United States . In Washington , the White House said it was monitoring developments and hoped to see the North "  take steps to assure the peace and prosperity of its people , " as White House spokesman Jay Carney put it . "  Our focus is on coordinating closely with our allies and partners , " he said . "  We have reaffirmed our unwavering commitment to the stability of the Korean Peninsula and the security of our allies , South Korea and Japan . " And after a meeting with Japan 's Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters that Washington has been in "  close touch " with the other countries involved in the six-party North Korean nuclear talks , including Russia and China . "  We reiterate our hope for improved relations with the people of North Korea , and remain deeply concerned about their well being , " she said . A look back at the life of Kim Jong Il Carney said President Barack Obama was notified of Kim 's death by his chief of staff about 10:30 p.m. Sunday . "  I believe it was established in news reports that the North Koreans made that announcement , " Carney said . On North Korea 's state television network , a tearful anchor broke the news Monday morning . The news was followed by scenes of similarly emotional residents of the capital Pyongyang . "  My leader , what will we do ? It 's too much ! It 's too much ! " one person sobbed . "  Leader , please come back . ... You can not leave us . We will always wait for you , leader . " The network said Kim died of "  overwork " while "  dedicating his life to the people . " And the official news agency KCNA said Kim suffered "  great mental and physical strain " while on a train . Kim enjoyed a cult-like status in the nation , with millions schooled to accept him as a divine and benevolent father figure . Laura Ling , one of two American journalists arrested after entering North Korea in March 2009 and sentenced to 12 years hard labor before being released in August 2009 following intervention by former President Bill Clinton , told CNN 's "  AC360 " Monday that she was allowed to watch television while in custody . Nearly every broadcast featured images of Kim as an "  otherwordly figure , " she said , recalling her guards were "  moved to tears watching their ` Dear Leader , ' and they talked about how much he was doing  for the people .  " The guards said Kim 's health was failing because he worked so hard for North Koreans , she said . Her sister , Lisa Ling , filmed a documentary in North Korea while posing as part of a medical team that performed eye surgeries . In a clip from the documentary , a young girl 's bandages are removed and she could see for the first time . "  It 's all because of the Great General , " her jubilant father exclaims . "  We must bow to our Great General for this . " There was no independent confirmation of the circumstances reported by the government , which routinely touted the military , technological and artistic genius of the "  dear leader " -- even claiming he shot 11 holes in one in his first golf outing . But he had appeared frail in his last public appearances , and speculation about his health had persisted for some time . KCNA acknowledged that Kim had been treated for "  cardiac and cerebrovascular diseases for a long period . " He suffered a heart attack on Saturday and could n't be saved despite the use of "  every possible first-aid measure , " according to the agency . In Washington , the White House said Obama spoke with Lee on Monday morning . The two leaders agreed to stay in "  close touch as the situation develops , " it said . Several of North Korea 's neighbors , including Japan , the Philippines and leading ally China , offered condolences to the North Korean people on Kim 's death . Chinese President Hu Jintao visited the North Korean embassy in Beijing Tuesday to offer condolences , according to the Chinese state-run news agency Xinhua . Monday night , Secretary of State Clinton issued a statement acknowledging the "  period of national mourning " in North Korea . "  We are deeply concerned with the well being of the North Korean people and our thoughts and prayers are with them during these difficult times , " the statement said . "  It is our hope that the new leadership of the  Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  will choose to guide their nation onto the path of peace by honoring North Korea 's commitments , improving relations with its neighbors and respecting the rights of its people , " Clinton said . "  The United States stands ready to help the North Korean people and urges the new leadership to work with the international community to usher in a new era of peace , prosperity and lasting security on the Korean Peninsula . " Earlier , Christopher Hill , a former U.S. diplomat who led U.S. delegation in nuclear talks with North Korea , said any American statement would require a certain finesse . "  I 'd be very careful about issuing condolences on the death of someone who 's really been part and parcel of one of the most tyrannical regimes in the world , " Hill told CNN . "  On the other hand , I think something can be done that will show some sympathy to the North Koreans . " This Just In : Up-to-the minute news on the death of Kim Jong Il The deceased leader 's body will remain for a week at the Kumsusan Memorial Palace in Pyongyang , where his father is also interred . Memorial services will follow on December 28 and 29 . Bill Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations who has visited North Korea eight times , said his initial reaction to Kim 's death was "  extreme concern . " He said he is more concerned about stability in the region now than before Kim 's death . "  The peninsula is a tinderbox , " said Richardson , who has brokered diplomatic deals in the North . "  The issue is , will there be stability in the North Korean leadership ? Will they continue their recent efforts of engaging South Korea and the United States over food aid , over nuclear talks ? " Richardson said South Korea was right to go on alert -- "  but I think now 's the time to just lie low , watch things as they develop . " iReport : Send us your reaction During Kim 's tenure , the North was largely closed off to outside influences and fearful of threats from its neighbors . At the same time , it also sought international aid after extensive famines contributed to the deaths of at least 250,000 people , according to the North Korean government . Outside analysts suggested the toll could have been 10 times higher . Both North Korea and South Korea have shown signs of concession in recent years . But relations between the two rival nations soured yet again when the South accused the North of launching an attack on the South Korean island of Yeonpyeong , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . And South Korea says a North Korean torpedo attack was to blame for the 2010 sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan , which left 46 Southern sailors dead . The North has denied the accusation . Now the question is what path his untested son , believed to be either 27 or 28 , will take the country . He was educated in Switzerland as a boy , and named a four-star general in 2010 . "  We really do n't know substantively where he stands on anything , " said Mike Chinoy , a senior fellow at the U.S.-China Institute . Kim Young-mok said the North has built up its military and pursued a nuclear bomb "  while children are starving . " "  This causes a lot of human disasters , " he said . "  So what worries me is not this Kim Jong Un 's personality , but the priority of the North Korean leadership . " After the Cheonan incident , then-U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said he feared the younger Kim may have needed to "  earn his stripes " with Pyongyang 's military establishment by launching further provocations . And Hill said while the "  great successor " is "  definitely not ready for prime time , " he is unlikely to take major steps before consolidating his power . "  I think we 're kind of shifting , at least for the time being , to a sort of military junta , " he said , adding , "  I would expect that they will try to show a maximum of stability as they go through what 's obviously going to be a very difficult and dicey time for them . " CNN 's Jiyeon Lee , Barbara Starr , Alina Cho and Madison Park contributed to this report .	NEW : The United States "  stands ready to help the North Korean people , " Clinton says Kim Jong Il died of a heart attack while on a train , KCNA says The ruling Workers ' Party dubs his son Kim Jong Un "  the great successor " The U.S. sees no sign of movement across the DMZ , general says
Mexico City  CNN  -- The leader of Mexico 's leftist Party of the Democratic Revolution , Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , announced Tuesday that he has asked Mexico 's Federal Election Institute for a recount of the ballots cast in Sunday 's presidential election . Lopez Obrador 's demand came the day after he said the vote had been "  plagued by irregularities . " Election authorities have projected Lopez Obrador as the runner-up in the vote . Mexico 's presumed president-elect , Enrique Peña Nieto , said Monday it was time for his country to leave behind the political rancor of campaign season . Political tensions flare after Mexican presidential vote The Federal Election Institute , known by its Spanish acronym IFE , says it expects the final count results Sunday . That 's when each of the approximately 143,000 polling stations are supposed to have finished counting votes and signed an "  act " detailing the number of votes . Wednesday marks the beginning of the district count , in which each of the 300 electoral districts will scrutinize the acts . Ballots will be recounted in cases where : -- The difference between the first and second place candidate is 1 % or less ; -- The number of annulled votes is greater than the difference between the first and second place candidates . Ana Isabel Fuentes , international coordinator of information for IFE , said she expects the law to mandate recounts in 19 districts , representing about a third of the total ballots cast . Lopez Obrador must wait until Sunday to formally submit any application for a recount to the Federal Election Tribunal . Any candidate can challenge , but National Action Party candidate Josefina Vazquez Mota has already conceded . The PRD candidate 's declarations echoed comments he made in 2006 , when election authorities said the leftist candidate narrowly lost the presidential race to Felipe Calderon . Lopez Obrador claimed election fraud and never conceded , referring to himself afterward as "  the legitimate president of Mexico . " At the time , his supporters protested nationwide . In Mexico City , they staged sit-ins and blockades . In 2006 , official results showed him losing by about 240,000 votes  or about 0.6 %  . He led marches and demonstrations and refused to concede ; a partial recount was held . Felipe Calderon was not declared president-elect until two months after the July election . Lopez Obrador did not accept that decision . A brawl broke out in the legislature before Calderon was scheduled to take the oath on December 1 ; Calderon sneaked in and out a back door to take the oath and gave the traditional speech not in Congress , but at another location . On Monday , Lopez Obrador had called on his supporters to wait for the official results . The Federal Election Institute 's verification of individual poll results begins Wednesday . But in an op-ed article published in Tuesday editions of The New York Times , Peña Nieto made it clear that he thinks the election is over and he has won . "  Achieving our country 's full potential is my mission as Mexico 's next president , " he wrote . Earlier , Peña Nieto told CNN en Español he was ready to work across party lines to build a better Mexico . "  We have to be constructive and put aside our differences , which are only for competitions and electoral contests , " Peña Nieto said Monday . "  Yesterday I indicated that  after  this tense and divisive atmosphere , which is natural in all democratic contests , we have to turn the page and move on to enter another chapter , another moment in our political lives , with a willingness and spirit that are constructive and purposeful . " A quick count based on samples from polling stations throughout the country gave Peña Nieto the lead , with between 37.93 % and 38.55 % of votes , the Federal Election Institute said late Sunday . On Monday , the presumed president-elect said he had been receiving congratulatory phone calls and messages from world leaders , including U.S. President Barack Obama . Peña Nieto said he was unfazed by the fact that more than 50 % of Mexicans had not voted for him . Opinion : Is Peña Nieto good news for Mexico ? "  We , fortunately , live in democratic conditions with three predominant political forces , and this makes it very hard for any party to have an absolute majority , " he told CNN en Español . The projected victory for Peña Nieto marks a triumphant return to power for the Institutional Revolutionary Party  PRI  , which lost its grip on Mexico 's presidency to the conservative National Action Party in 2000 . The Federal Election Institute 's projections raised two key questions rooted in Mexico 's complicated political past : Has the PRI , a political party that critics accuse of being authoritarian and corrupt , changed its approach ? And will supporters of Lopez Obrador protest election results as they have in the past ? Peña Nieto said Sunday night that he was looking forward , not back . "  We are a new generation . There is no return to the past . My government will have its vision based in the future , " he told reporters . On the local level , there may not be many differences between today 's PRI and the political party that dominated Mexico for decades , said Andrew Selee , director of the Mexico Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars . "  What 's changed on the national stage is that Mexican citizens have different expectations for their federal government that are going to force the PRI to govern in a different way than it did 20 years ago , " he said . For much of the PRI 's rule , the political party controlled not only the presidency , but also national and state legislatures and local governments across the country . Now , in the country 's Senate , a preliminary tally Monday showed the PRI winning only 33 of 128 seats . In the House of Representatives , the PRI had secured more seats than any other party , according to the preliminary tally . But opposition parties combined held a majority of seats . "  Then , the PRI was really a party that included all of Mexico , that had a broad patronage network and tolerated little dissent outside of the party , " Selee said . "  And the PRI today is going to have to deal with opposition parties that have tasted power , an active citizenry that expects to be involved in major policies decisions , and a very vigilant press that will report on everything that happens . " Weeks before Sunday 's vote , criticisms of Peña Nieto and concerns about the PRI 's possible return to power fueled a student movement that staged demonstrations throughout the country . On Monday , outraged students from the group marched in Mexico City . They carried signs that said , "  Mexico without PRI " and "  Mexico voted , and Peña did not win . " Analysts : Mexican vote leaves more questions than it answers But while critics slam Peña Nieto , the charismatic 45-year-old former governor galvanized fervent support among residents of his home state and party loyalists nationwide . The Consulta Mitofsky , GEA/ISA and Parametria firms said their exit poll results projected a win for Peña Nieto , with more than 40 % of voters saying they cast ballots for the PRI candidate . Peña Nieto 's campaign platform included plans to stop the rise in food prices , promote energy reform , give social security to all Mexicans and reduce violence nationwide . "  He is obviously prepared . There was obviously a dirty war against him , " said Martha Rojas Ramos , 58 , as she prepared to cast a ballot for Peña Nieto at a Mexico City elementary school on Sunday . Critics lamenting the possible return of the PRI to power are n't thinking straight , she said . "  That 's all in the past , " Rojas said . "  What 's important is that he is young and has all the ability to represent us . "	Lopez Obrador also challenged the 2006 election results Calderon was not declared president-elect until 2 months after the 2006 election The presumed president-elect says it is time for the country to leave behind political rancor
Giglio , Italy  CNN  When the Costa Concordia and its salvage convoy finally depart Giglio , the residents of this picturesque Tuscan island will breathe a collective sigh of relief -- and shed a collective tear . Nothing much ever happened on Giglio before the doomed cruise liner crashed here on that fateful Friday the 13th in January 2012 . There were the odd inconveniences , like when bad weather stopped the ferries and cut off the island from the mainland , leaving the local population of about 900 people with limited supplies . The island had its fair share of tourists , but according to Mayor Sergio Ortelli , Germans came to camp and there were pockets of British who came to bird watch , but none of them left much of an impact . "  We were a perfect place , a best kept secret , " he told CNN . That all changed shortly after the Concordia ran aground , killing 32 passengers and crew as it capsized and then sank into the pristine coral reefs near the harbor on the eastern side of Giglio . Within a few weeks of the disaster , foreign salvage crews moved in , first to defuel the crippled vessel and later to remove it . Italian with a Tuscan accent was no longer the language of commerce on the island . If the local businesses wanted to cater to the crews -- some 600 workers from 29 different countries at the height of the operation -- they had to learn at least a little bit of English , Dutch , German or Spanish . The languages have infiltrated the local dialect . The locals have also had to adjust their menus and hours of business to accommodate the crews ' varied tastes and round-the-clock shifts . Suddenly , Giglio 's bars and pizza joints found themselves serving lunch fare at night for the workers who needed packed lunches for their graveyard shift -- and beer at 7:00 am for the workers who were just coming in off the rigs who wanted an after-work drink . "  Our whole perspective changed , " Rosalba Brizzi , owner of Bar Fausto in the center of the port -- a favorite spot for the salvage crews -- told CNN . "  No one ever challenged our way of doing things before . We were set in our ways and then suddenly our little island had to adjust to one of the most diverse populations anywhere in Italy . Can we go back to how we were before ? I do n't know how to do that . " Brizzi is one of the lucky Giglese whose business boomed when the crews came . She offered up a "  lunch to go " service to make packed lunches for the crews to take on site , and allowed Titan Micoperi -- the firm behind the salvage of the Concordia -- to set up a credit system so workers could sign for their meals . And despite being forced to serve bacon and egg baguettes and chicken salad sandwiches with pickles , which she said she has yet to sample , she says she will miss the workers when they go . "  Our lives have been so enriched by this experience , and I do n't mean monetarily . I 've met people from Samoa , from South Africa , from places I had never heard of , " she said , her eyes welling up with tears . "  They 've brought their families , they show us pictures from home . And now we will lose them all . They wo n't come back . " The sentiment is echoed along the port , where locals have given the ship nicknames like "  the tomb , " "  the dead whale " and the "  astroship . " Trudy Brandaglia , an Australian who has had a tourist rental business on the island for nearly 30 years , said the salvage workers have become like family . "  We will miss them terribly , " she told CNN . "  We are going to be lost without them . " The Giglese have adamantly refused to capitalize on the crash through tourist trinkets . You wo n't find t-shirts that say "  I got wrecked on Giglio , " or even models of the ship . But the island does have two memorials to the 32 victims of the disaster and the Spanish diver who died during the salvage operation . One is a plaque with the victims ' names engraved on it affixed to the stone wall of the pier closest to the wreck . The other is a statue of the Virgin Mary donated by the husband of Maria Grazia Trecarichi , one of the last victims to be found . The statue 's neck is adorned with rosaries left by passengers and survivors ' families who have come to pay their respects on the island . Father Lorenzo Pasquotti of the local Catholic church , which was a shelter for hundreds of passengers the night of the accident , has also created a museum in the church that includes life jackets from the ship , hard hats , a piece of rock from the bottom of the cruise liner and a tiny vial of oil from the Concordia 's engines , almost like a relic of blood from a saint . He also keeps a loaf of bread , meant to signify the feeding of the salvage crews , and the crucifix and communion tabernacle from inside the Concordia 's chapel . Pasquotti also keeps the cards and letters passengers have written to Giglio to thank the islanders for their help . But Pasquotti 's church has scars , too . There is a crack in the apse from the underground drilling to remove the ship , which he says the workers have promised to patch up . The crews working under the direction of Nick Sloane , the man overseeing the world 's biggest ever salvage project , have also been toying with the idea of leaving some sort of memorial made from the implements of salvage . According to Sloane , workers have discussed building a funicular from the port to the town of Castello , high on a hill overlooking Giglio 's port . They may also try to leave behind some of the high-end fiber optic cables that were installed to give the island better Internet and phone service as crews hatched their plan to raise the Concordia . Giglio remains the epicenter of one of the most technically-advanced salvage operations on the planet , but you still ca n't buy a cellphone or computer charger anywhere on the island . Whatever emotional scars from the shipwreck remain on the island , the physical scars are worse . No matter how diligently crews work to clean up the implements of salvage , Giglio is indelibly marked with signs of the unspeakable tragedy that happened here . Giglio 's pristine underwater ecosystem has been marred by the 30,000 bags of cement and grout poured into the reef , along with the pillars drilled deep into the island 's bedrock in order to support the giant steel platforms that cradled the Concordia for most of the past year . When all of the cement and steel is finally removed , the seabed will have to heal itself . All of the underwater grasses and mollusk fields that were relocated when the ship crashed will have to be moved back , even though they are thriving in their new environment . Divers working on the site say the ship has also created a bizarre unnatural reef where fish and sea snakes swim among the pillars and in and out of the ship 's broken windows . Several local dive companies want to create a new reef and dive school using the steel platforms that propped up the Concordia . But Gian Luca Galletti , Italy 's environmental minister , says that is not an option , even though the Giglese have been presenting redevelopment plans that include keeping the platforms in place . "  The platforms will be dismantled , " Galletti told CNN , before adding that this was an Italian decision -- not one that could be made solely by the people of Giglio . "  We have always hypothesized from the beginning that Giglio would be returned to the same state as it was before the shipwreck and there were no platforms before the shipwreck . " Franca Melis , who owns a popular restaurant in Castello and a dive company in Giglio 's port , disagrees . "  It is a mistake to remove them when we could have one of the best dive sites in the world if we leave them , " she told CNN . "  It will disrupt the seabed for another two years to pull them out , like a rotten tooth from the seabed . Let 's try to see the bright side and use them to bolster the local economy . " "  When the ship is gone , it will be like this island is dying twice . Let 's try to save ourselves . We are going to die here without that boat . " READ MORE : How the Costa Concordia was raised	Foreign workers descended on Giglio , Italy after the Costa Concordia crashed there in 2012 Their arrival transformed the language , culinary scene and nightlife on the tiny Tuscan island Islanders are trying to come to terms with what life will be like when the foreign crews leave
Washington  CNN  -- As the United States prepares to take some troops out of Afghanistan this July , an ambitious program to persuade Afghanistan insurgents to leave the fight has managed so far to attract only 1,700 converts over the past 10 months , according to a general leading the "  reintegration " effort . But the killing of Osama bin Laden may convince more to turn , the general says . The United States and its allies have contributed $ 141 million to the program of amnesty and reintegration . And estimates are that 20,000 to 25,000 fighters remain in the field , despite efforts to persuade both Taliban leaders and foot soldiers to cross over . "  It is gaining increasing authenticity . People know they can step out of the fight , " British Maj. Gen. Phil Jones said Thursday in a video link from Afghanistan to the Pentagon . He heads up the allied reintegration effort for the International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  . Jones said Afghanis have talks underway with 40 to 45 Taliban and insurgent groups , representing maybe a total of 2,000 additional fighters . He said there had been new interest after U.S. commandos killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan early this month . "  We were talking to some officers from the  Afghanistan  National Directorate of Security this morning and they were quite clear that that the expressions of interest of low level and mid level groups to join the program has picked up considerably over the last couple of weeks . " Jones said . U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said soon after the raid that bin Laden 's death opens the door to Taliban parting ways with al Qaeda . "  If that could happen at the same time we 're keeping military pressure on the Taliban , keep them from taking back what you guys seized from them , expand the security bubble , you may actually next winter have the potential for reconciliation talks that are ... meaningful in terms of going forward , because one of the red lines for both us and the Afghan government  is  the Taliban disavowing any role with al Qaeda , " Gates told Marines at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina on May 12 . Potential recruits to the reintegration program are interviewed , photographed and fingerprinted , and they can be sheltered in safe houses and receive a stipend before returning to their villages . But Jones admitted problems with the program . "  Inevitably if you start with a paper document and you have to build this airplane as you fly it , so to speak , then you are going to have challenges meeting demands . " For some fighters , leaving the battlefield can be an impossible step . "  There still is a sense among a lot of the fighters that this smacks too much of surrender and their honor and dignity as fighting men ... ca n't quite take it as yet , " Jones said . "  There is still that psychology playing out there . " Another problem is what Jones described as "  the predatory reach " of insurgents who cross the border from Afghanistan to punish and kill those they see as disloyal . And he denied problems with fighters taking refuge in the program , only to return to the insurgency . "  Thus far the people who have come -- the 17 hundred who have come in recent months -- have shown no signs of recidivism yet . There is no sense they are coming in to wait out the fighting season and go back , " Jones said . In the long term , success of reintegration will depend on overall military and political momentum in the country . There are no certainties in Afghanistan -- that is one of the things we have learned over the past 10 years , " Jones said , predicting a tough fighting-season in coming months . "  At its heart this is a very human process . It requires people on both sides of the divide to make really courageous and life-changing decisions . "	"  People know they can step out of the fight , " says a British general About 1,700 insurgents have entered the reintegration program , he says Estimates are that as many as 25,000 Taliban fighters remain in the field The killing of Osama bin Laden may convince more to turn , the general says .
Albany , New York  CNN  -- Ned Norton was working as a fitness trainer for Olympic athletes and bodybuilders when a young man with a spinal cord injury asked him for help . "  At first , I had no idea what to do with him , " said Norton , who managed a health club in Albany , New York . Together they developed a workout program , and the young man made great strides . "  Even  his  doctors saw the physical and psychological improvements we were able to make , " Norton said . It did n't take long for word to spread . Patients from a rehabilitation center sought out Norton 's help , and he began training them for free . After a newspaper published an article about Norton 's workouts with the disabled , his phone rang off the hook . "  So I opened a gym designed to fit their needs , " he said . For the past 25 years , Norton has dedicated himself to providing free and low-cost strength and conditioning training for hundreds of people living with a variety of disabilities . "  They ca n't move , they ca n't be independent . They ca n't live their lives , " said Norton , 55 . "  I 'm building them up , building them stronger , so they can go out and live life like they 're supposed to . " Bodybuilder with a big heart Norton trains more than 120 people every week through his nonprofit , Warriors on Wheels . His clients ' disabilities include spinal cord injuries , multiple sclerosis , cerebral palsy and Down syndrome . "  I never worry about what they ca n't do , " said Norton . "  I worry about what they can do , and make them as independent and capable as possible . " Participants come to the gym twice a week for one-hour sessions . Norton 's strength-training equipment is specially adapted to fit his clients ' needs . Most of the people he trains are in wheelchairs and rely on their upper body strength to get around . "  The world is more accessible now for people with wheelchairs , " Norton said , "  but you 've got to be strong to be in a wheelchair . " Tom Clement knows that first-hand . About 40 years ago , he fell off a roof and severed his spinal cord . He has been in a wheelchair ever since . "  When you lose  the use of  your legs , your arms become your legs . So upper body strength is key , " said Clement , 65 . Clement has worked out at Norton 's gym several times a week for the past 15 years . He says it 's helped him live independently . "  My activities in the gym have increased my ability to maintain the stamina of everyday work , " said Clement , who runs a frame shop and art gallery with his brother . "  Thanks to Ned , I 've been able to live a full life . " For those who can afford to pay it , Norton charges $ 25 a month . Most of his clients are living on disability income and Social Security , and he says less than half can afford to pay the fee . He never turns away anyone who has a disability . Strength in numbers Norton is the only trainer in the facility , which was donated to him by the city . Participants often form friendships and motivate one another . They also become resources for each other , providing advice and references . "  After an accident , people are devastated . Their family and friends have no clue what they are going through . They are out there on their own , " Norton said . "  But when they come here , they get a network of people going through the same challenges . " Kathleen Lane has been coming to the Warriors on Wheels gym for about 15 years to help with her multiple sclerosis . Lane , who is in a wheelchair , also benefits from the social aspect of the program . "  I come out of here feeling better than I do when I first come in , " said Lane , 51 . "  It changed my life . ... Ned 's unbelievable . " Norton says many of the people he has worked with have gone on to drive again , gain employment and pursue their interests without letting their disabilities get in the way . "  I 'm not a genius . I 'm not a miracle worker , " Norton said . "  But I do know what I 'm doing in the gym , because that 's what I love doing and that 's what I have to offer to people . " Want to get involved ? Learn more about Warriors on Wheels at www.profilesinpurpose.com/warriors_on_wheels and see how to help .	Ned Norton devised a workout program for a man with a spinal cord injury and word spread Soon patients from a rehab center sought Norton 's help and he trained them for free Norton is dedicated to providing low-cost or free strength training for the disabled Voting for ` CNN Hero of the Year ' continues through Thursday , Nov. 16
CNN  -- The State Department told U.S. government employees in Monterrey , Mexico , on Friday to send their children elsewhere because of heightened security risks related to drug violence . The order is the first of its kind in any Mexican city , said Brian Quigley , a spokesman for the U.S. Consulate General in Monterrey , adding it reflects an increasingly violent and insecure reality . Monterrey is located in northern Mexico . The travel warning was issued after an August 20 shooting in front of the American Foundation School in Monterrey , said the State Department . The high incidence of area kidnappings was also cited as a motive behind the move . "  U.S. government personnel from the Consulate General in Monterrey have been advised that the immediate , practical and reliable way to reduce the security risks for children of U.S. government personnel is to remove them from the city , " the State Department said in a statement . The new rule will take effect on September 10 and affect roughly 25 families , Quigley said . In a separate message , also issued on Friday , the U.S. consulate in Monterrey said adequate safeguards simply do not exist to protect the children of U.S. employees . "  Local police and private patrols do not have the capacity to deter criminal elements from areas around the schools attended by the children of U.S. personnel assigned to the consulate , " read the statement from Monterrey . The authorized departure of family members of U.S. government personnel from consulates in the Mexican cities of Tijuana , Nogales , Ciudad Juarez , Nuevo Laredo , Monterrey and Matamoros remains in place , the State Department said . The United States has a travel warning issued for Mexico because of drug-related violence , particularly in the northern border areas .	NEW : Some 25 families are expected to be affected by the decision Diplomats are asked to have their children out of Monterrey by September 10 The travel warning follows an August 20 shooting in front of an international school The U.S. has a travel warning issued for Mexico because of drug-related violence
WIRED  -- In less than a week , Google announced an operating system to compete with Windows , while Microsoft announced that Office 10 will include free , online versions of its four most popular software programs -- a shot at Google 's suite of web-based office applications . The fight between Microsoft and Google is over who 'll be seen as the world 's most important tech company . And not more than a month and a half ago , Microsoft unveiled its new search engine Bing , which it hopes will steal market share from Google and finally make it real money online . From the news of it , it 's a full-blown tech battle , complete with behind-the-scenes machinations to sic government regulators on each other . It is , however , not a death match -- it 's more of an fight to see who will be the King of Technology , since both companies pull in their billions through completely different siphons and are unlikely to severely wound one another any time soon . Google pulled in $ 22 billion in revenue in 2008 , 97 percent of which came tiny text ads bought by the keyword and placed next to search results or on pages around the web . Google makes a negligible amount of money bundling its online apps for businesses , charging $ 50 a head annually -- but mostly it just gives its online text editor , email and spreadsheet programs away . By contrast , Microsoft sold $ 14.3 billion worth of Microsoft Word and PowerPoint and other business applications over the last nine months , making a profit of $ 9.3 billion . It made a further $ 16 billion in revenue in 2008 through sales of its operating systems , which range from XP installations on netbooks , to Vista , to Windows Mobile to its server software . Google now plans its own range of operating systems , starting with Android , an open-source OS for small devices like smartphones , and Chrome OS , a browser-focused , open-source OS that will run on notebooks and desktops . Clearly top executives at each company look over at the others ' pots of gold and dream of ways to steal them , or at least make it harder for the other guy to make money . In fact , they even dislike each other enough to spend money to make the other one lose revenue -- take for example , Microsoft 's behind-the-scenes campaign to scuttle last year 's proposed Google-Yahoo advertising deal or its ongoing attempts to derail the Google Book Search settlement . But in reality , the competition is really about creating universes or ecosystems that it hopes consumers will want to live their technology lives inside . And it 's about ego -- a fight to be recognized as the world 's most important technology company . Microsoft would love for everyone in the world to be using its Internet Explorer browser to search through Bing to find a story from its MSN portal to email via Hotmail or Outlook to a friend . Add in a smartphone running Windows Mobile and an Xbox in the living room for the kids , and you have a Microsoft family . And though it is much joked about , Microsoft is the dominant platform for software developers of all types , whether they are making small business software , massive online role-playing games or photo-editing utilities . Google 's ecosystem looks different . It starts with a Google Chrome browser  oddly running only on Windows  with a default homepage set to Google News or a customized Google homepage . From there you might go to Gmail and then click on a Word document sent to you as an attachment which Google will quickly -- and safely -- open for you in its online word processor . But most importantly , Google wants you to search and travel around the web , hitting web pages that run Google-served ads and Google tracking cookies . You might think that Google is a really cool company to give away all this free technology , while never thinking about the persistent and silent data collection Google is undertaking to profile you in order to deliver you to advertisers for a premium . So how do the two stack up in four key areas of competition ? Browsers : Internet Explorer in all its variations still retains close to 70 percent of the market  depending on who is counting and how  . That dominance remains , even though Microsoft 's latest offering IE8 lags behind all the other major browsers in features and advanced web capabilities . Firefox , Opera , and Apple 's Safari have all driven browser innovation over the last five years , but most people have not been convinced to leave IE behind , despite other alternatives being safer and more advanced . Why does it matter ? Well , IE installations come with a default home page , do n't they ? Google 's Chrome browser , on the other hand , is a handsome , whiz-kid of a browser . It 's sleek and nimble , and it revolutionizes how tabs are handled . The address bar is the search box  Google as default , naturally  . Each website opened runs as its own browser instance and has very low permissions to read and write to files . The sandboxing of tabs means that if a single website hangs or crashes , the rest are unaffected . Meanwhile , lower permissions make it harder for a hacker to bust into your computer through your browser . Chrome also has less than 2 percent of the browser market share . Online Search : Google 's name now means search to most users . Google 's search engine means money to Google . In June , it delivered 78.5 percent of search results pages delivered to U.S. web users . In the first three months of 2009 , Google pulled in $ 5.2 billion in revenue , a majority of which came from AdWords , an auction-based service that triggers ads based on the keywords in a search query . Microsoft recently debuted Bing , a new search engine it hoped would fare well in comparison to Google . It 's got some fine innovations , and shows the company is thinking very hard about better ways to present information to users by finding ways to synthesize data , rather than just retrieving links . Still , despite these improvements , a $ 100 million ad campaign , and generous press coverage that treats Bing like an underdog , Bing gained only a point in June to get Microsoft 8.2 percent of all searches . Operating Systems : Microsoft has been making operating systems since 1979 and has spent 28 years perfecting MS-DOS and Windows NT , the frameworks that Windows have been built around . Microsoft is estimated to run on about 90 percent of all laptops and desktops in the world . By copying its competitors ' best features , leveraging questionable licensing arrangements and using its base of accustomed users to buy it time against innovators , Microsoft has held on to its lead in the OS market for almost 30 years . That 's despite challenges from Digital Research , Apple and IBM . Microsoft 's newest version , Windows 7 , will be available in the fall . Early reviews say the OS boots quickly and sleeps fast , and avoids much of the confusing interface decisions that have made many dislike Vista , the successor to Windows XP . Microsoft also dominates in the business world , where nearly every medium to large company standardizes around Microsoft Office . Microsoft is also at work on version 6 of its operating system for handheld devices , which it first launched in 2000 . Its OS advantages are immense . It has millions of users who know nothing else and who like Windows . There are millions who are attached to games or the thousands of desktop apps that are only available on Windows . Thousands of devices just plug in and work on its hardware . And familiarity with Microsoft software is a requirement for a huge number of office jobs . By contrast , Google first stepped into the OS game in 2007 when it announced its Android operating system for small devices . Google estimates that some 18 phone models will be running its system by the end of the year . Last week , Google announced , but did not show off , a new OS to compete with Windows , dubbing it Chrome OS . That name signifies that Google 's OS will be for the web and browser-based . It hopes to convince developers to write software that runs inside a browser , instead of on top of the OS as developers for Windows and Apples ' OS X do . It will also let web developers extend the power of their websites by expanding the capabilities of the browser , allowing websites to lean on the browser for storage and processing help . Advertising : Google is largely powered by its innovative auction-based text ads on its own site , but then expanded into serving ads on other people 's sites with the Adsense program . It bought the ad-serving and behavioral-profiling giant Doubleclick in 2007 for more than $ 3 billion , and has ventured into mobile , print , radio and television ads . Microsoft has struggled to replicate Google 's online advertising success . Despite owning MSN.com -- a portal that is second only to Yahoo as a destination -- Microsoft has not made money on the internet . To turbocharge its ad-delivery technology , it paid more than $ 6 billion in cash in 2007 for aQuantive , a full-service online advertising concern . Instead , Microsoft 's online ad business lost $ 1.2 billion in 2008 , double what it lost in 2007 . The company expects 2009 revenues to be higher than the $ 3.2 billion it took in last year , but has not said it would make a profit . Contrary to what some might have you believe , the benefits of the Google-Microsoft competition are immense . Microsoft had largely grown complacent until Google came along to shake up categories . Gmail 's massive online storage capability and fancy programming made Microsoft hustle to upgrade its popular , though not user-friendly , web e-mail service . Google Maps led to Microsoft 's Live Maps , which now bests Google 's efforts in some ways . Google has been winning the fight for the last few years , showing that it is still nimbler than the software giant from the Northwest . But the pendulum may be slowing , or even poised to swing the other way . With the innovations in Bing and the promise that Microsoft 's online Office offerings will be free and more fully featured than the Google equivalent , Microsoft is taking on Google where it matters for users : on the field of innovation . And that will make for an interesting race , no matter which horse you prefer to ride . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	The escalating Google vs. Micosoft battle is mostly over who 'll be King of Tech Top execs at each company dream of ways to steal the others ' pots of gold Chrome OS will compete with Windows , while Office 10 will include free online versions Here 's how the two tech giants stack up in four key areas of competition
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- "  There are the bloodstains on the wall , and here it is dried on the floor , " Abu Muhanad said as he walked through a torture chamber in a Baghdad mosque where more than two dozen bodies have been found . Two women clutch photographs of loved ones believed killed by the Mehdi Army . "  And here , a woman 's shoes . She was a victim of the militia . We found her corpse in the grave . " Chunks of hair waft lazily across the floor in the hot Baghdad breeze . "  This was the torture room , " said Muhanad , the leader of a U.S.-backed armed group that now controls the mosque . "  This is what they used for hanging , " he said , pointing to a cord dangling from the ceiling . "  Here is a chain we found tied to an old man 's body . " Go inside the mosque 's torture chamber " The horrific scene at this southwestern Baghdad mosque is what officials say was the work of a Shiite militia known as the Mehdi Army . Residents who live near the mosque say they could hear the victims ' screams . The militia had been in control of the mosque , called Adib al-Jumaili , from at least January 2007 until May of this year . Residents say coalition forces were n't in the region and the torture and killings went unchecked . Some of the victims were accused of being spies for U.S. forces . Other family members do n't know why their loved ones disappeared . The family members at the mosque who spoke to CNN were all Shiite , the same branch of Islam as the Mehdi militia . But , they say , some of the victims were Sunni as well . Watch mosque atrocities uncovered " The neighborhood lies in an area that became one of the capital 's many sectarian fault lines when violence was at its worst . It 's been about three months since the Mehdi Army , loyal to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr , abandoned this mosque as it withdrew from several strongholds across the country . Spray painted on the walls is a chilling warning : "  Spies , you will dig your own graves . Long live the Mehdi Army . " Now the mosque is under the watch of the Sons of Iraq , a local armed group that is largely financed by the Americans working alongside the Iraqi police . They are charged with trying to keep the peace in the neighborhood . Muhanad is their leader . "  We found this chain on an old man 's corpse that we dug out of the grave , " he said , gesturing to a bloodied chain on the floor . "  We recovered about 22 corpses and then another five . " Only now are people able to understand the true magnitude of the Shiite militia 's atrocities and the brutal laws they were enforcing on the people . "  This was my son 's grave , " Abu Wissam said , pointing to one of the many shallow holes in the mosque 's garden . "  We recovered his corpse completely rotten . His hands and legs were amputated , and his head was decapitated . " "  He was just a college graduate , " his mother sobbed , clutching her 25-year-old son 's photo . They say the Mehdi Army abducted their son about a year ago , accusing him of being a traitor . They shot up and looted his home . The family fled . A gruesome video of their son 's mutilated body was delivered to their doorstep . The militia "  still raid our homes , " Abu Wissam said . "  Their families are in the district . The day before yesterday , at noon , they tried to assassinate me , but I was able to call the police for help . " The neighborhood is eerily deserted . Most of the residents fled the militia 's reign ; many who stayed bore the brunt of the violence . Homes stand abandoned , shops shuttered , buildings shot up . A single car drives down the main street as a pack of dogs runs through the twisted piles of metal that was once an outdoor market . Lingering at the mosque are a handful of residents whose loved ones were also abducted , looking for clues . "  They said they were just taking him for a few minutes , for an investigation , " said Karima , who only wanted to be identified by her first name , as her eyes filled with tears . "  But they never released him and we heard he might be buried behind the mosque . " Umm Diab 's breath came in shallow gasps as tears flowed from her turquoise-green eyes . She wiped them away using the corner of her abaya , or robe . In her hand , there 's a passport photo of her father , who was abducted by the militia . "  All we want are their dead bodies , " she said . Although the Mehdi Army has moved out of this mosque and is less visible on the street , residents know that they 're not gone . "  They 're still threatening us , " Umm Diab said .	Iraqi authorities discover 27 bodies at mosque and find torture room "  Here is a chain we found tied to an old man 's body , " official says Dad of 25-year-old : "  His hands , legs were amputated and his head was decapitated " Residents say militia has left mosque , but still intimidates them
New York  CNN  -- In a scathing ruling , a federal judge has denied a request by Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law to have alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed testify in his defense at trial , either by teleconference from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp or via deposition . In a motion to the court over the weekend , Sulaiman Abu Ghaith 's defense team said Mohammed can provide evidence that their client had no knowledge of planned terror attacks and asked that portions of an unsworn , written statement by Mohammed be allowed before the jury even if his testimony was not . Mohammed , the admitted mastermind of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , issued a rambling defense of Abu Gaith , who is on trial in New York . Abu Gaith is accused of being al Qaeda 's propagandist in the wake of the 9/11 attacks . The rare statement by Mohammed was in response to questions from Abu Gaith 's attorney and was filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan on Sunday night . At a hearing on the matter Tuesday morning , U.S. District Judge Lewis Kaplan called the defense motion "  entirely baseless " and said nothing Mohammed may testify to is relevant to Abu Ghaith 's case . "  There is n't a shred of evidence that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ever met Sulaiman Abu Ghaith at all , " Kaplan said . Abu Ghaith was captured last year after years of being among a group of alleged al Qaeda operatives sheltered in Iran . He was arrested in Turkey and deported to Kuwait via Jordan , which helped U.S. agents capture him . In his statement , Mohammed said Abu Gaith was a "  pious man " and among many scholars drawn to Afghanistan when the Taliban took control of the country in the mid-1990s . He said he does n't recall meeting Abu Ghaith and that , as a scholar and preacher , Abu Ghaith would n't have known about military operations , in part because al Qaeda was careful to restrict access to such information . "  He did not play any military role , and to the best of my knowledge , he did not receive any military training at any of the training camps for the mujahedeen in Afghanistan , " Mohammed said . Prosecutors had objected to Mohammed 's testimony , saying the issue is causing unnecessary delays and is inconsequential because Mohammed has said he will not agree to testify . "  This is a motion for what ? They have no witness , judge , " said Assistant U.S. Attorney Nicholas Lewin at the hearing . Abu Ghaith 's defense attorney Stanley Cohen said the defense team has worked as quickly as possible since last summer to secure Mohammed 's testimony , but stalling and administrative roadblocks by the Department of Defense made their efforts futile . "  At the end of the day , the DoD was never going to let Khalid Sheikh Mohammed appear in a courtroom , " said Cohen in court . A clearly aggravated Kaplan dismissed Cohen 's claim and instead said the defense team "  sat on their hands " as the case headed for trial . Kaplan also noted that the attorneys were offered the opportunity last month to conduct an in-person interview with Mohammed at Guantanamo Bay , but for some reason changed their minds and submitted written questions only . When Cohen rose to respond , he was told to sit back down . Cohen and co-counsel Zoe Dolan told CNN after the hearing that they abandoned the plan to interview Mohammed when they were told representatives for the Department of Defense and the Department of Justice would be present . Also Tuesday , Kaplan told Dolan she may face sanctions for improperly bringing another motion alleging the prosecution has not turned over exhibits to the defense as required . As the attorney began to respond , Kaplan adjourned the session and left the bench . The jury returns Wednesday morning for testimony by an audio expert for the defense about the authenticity of an audio recording allegedly featuring the defendant and a character witness who is traveling from Kuwait to testify .	Sulaiman Abu Ghaith , Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law , is accused of being al Qaeda 's propagandist His defense wanted testimony by admitted 9/11 mastermind , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed A federal judge called the request "  entirely baseless " in a scathing ruling
CNN  -- Iconic jockey Frankie Dettori was cleared to return to racing by the governing body of the sport in France Thursday after serving a six-month ban for cocaine use . The 42-year-old Italian tested positive for the drug at a meeting at Longchamp in Paris last September and he was subsequently suspended by France Galop . The ban was also reciprocated by the British Horse Racing Authority  BHA  . Dettori was due to make his comeback last week but was thwarted in his efforts after a test carried out by France Galop produced , according to the BHA , an "  irregularity " . Dettori met with France Galop 's medical committee Tuesday to discuss a "  private matter " , the resolution of which means the rider can now return to the saddle . The decision to return his license means that Dettori is eligible to compete in Britain 's most famous horse race , the Epsom Derby Saturday . But his likely ride in the Classic , top trainer Aiden O'Brien 's colt Magician , who won the Irish 2,000 Guineas , is a non-runner . That will leave Dettori 's only chance to be as a late substitute for another jockey , but he is set to ride in two races at the Epsom meeting Friday . His first Classic ride is set to be in the French Derby at Chantilly Sunday where he has been slated to ride Andrew Oliver 's First Cornerstone . The world of racing was stunned last year when news of Dettori 's misdemeanor became public and he vowed to "  rebuild his reputation " in accepting his punishment . He has acquired celebrity status in Britain where he is based -- becoming a household name after riding seven straight winners at the famous English racecourse Ascot in 1996 . Dettori has secured more than 500 Group-level victories in his career -- the majority for the Godolphin stable -- winning 14 British Classics with three wins in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe , Europe 's most prestigious race . But he will ride as a freelance in the 2013 season after announcing the end of his full-time role with Sheikh Mohammed 's Goldolphin operation shortly before he was banned .	Jockey Frankie Dettori cleared to return to competitive action France Galop lift his suspension for cocaine use Dettori gave a positive test at Longchamp last September Will return to action at Epsom Derby meeting Friday
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A diver searching the sunken Sewol ferry died Tuesday , according to South Korea 's Government Rescue Headquarters . "  A civilian diver , Lee , lost the communication line at 25 meters under the sea five minutes into his first dive , " spokesman Koh Myung-suk said . "  By the time his colleagues went to save him , Lee was unconscious and unable to breathe by himself , " Koh said . Lee , whose full name was not provided , was helicoptered to a hospital where he was pronounced dead , the spokesman added . Park In-ho , head of the hospital where Lee died , said the diver 's blood was tested and appeared normal except for high potassium . His chest X-ray also showed no sign of irregularity . Not including the diver , the death toll in the ferry disaster has risen to 264 , with 38 people still missing , the government reported . Over the weekend , South Korean President Park Geun-hye visited the port where the rescue operation is based to console families and encourage divers . Nearly 130 divers are combing the ship , looking for the remaining missing bodies . The search-and-rescue operation has turned into a grueling recovery of corpses . No one has been found alive since the ferry sank April 16 with a passenger load largely made up of high school students on a field trip . The work has become even more difficult because divers have faced closed cabin doors blocked by debris . Corralling the debris has been difficult for search teams . Mattresses and clothing from the ship have been found up to 9 miles  15 km  away from the accident site , said Park Seung-ki , a spokesman for the rescue operation . Large stow and trawler nets will be set up around the sunken ship to catch items that may float away , he said . At the same time , some three dozen ships will be clearing an oil spill from the ferry , which is threatening the livelihood of the local fishermen . The ferry sank en route from Incheon to the resort island of Jeju , off the nation 's southwestern coast . CNN 's Stella Kim reported from Seoul ; Ed Payne wrote from Atlanta	Nearly 130 divers are searching the sunken ship Not including the diver , the disaster 's death toll rises to 264 More than three dozen people remain missing The South Korean President consoled families over the weekend
Asuogyaman , Ghana  CNN  -- Patricia Mawuli grew up in a mud shack in Ghana 's bush country . As a young girl , she would wistfully watch the planes pass overhead , wishing one day to fly one herself . In 2007 , at the age of 21 , she decided to break into the boy 's club that is Ghana 's flight industry . She walked to Kpong Airfield and asked for job . "  I  told  her no , we do n't employ women , " recalls Jonathan Porter , the airfield 's technical director . "  The whole concept of employing women in an environment where you 're clearing trees and building airplanes did n't seem to me , in my experience , to fit in with the African context , " he admits . Mawuli was persistent , however , and when she offered her services for free , he could n't resist giving her a trial . He gave her a machete and told her to clear tree trunks . To his surprise , she flourished . "  She used her head , not just her muscles , " he recalls . "  She thought about how she did things and took out the trees better than the men . " Not only did Porter give her the job , he taught her how to fly , and in 2009 she became the country 's first female civilian pilot  as well as the first woman in West Africa certified to build and maintain Rotax engines  . "  I said : ' I will do whatever it takes , I 'll work hard , you do n't have to pay me . ' They told me : ` Do n't worry . You are so different . You 've got energy , you have potential . We will do whatever it takes . ' This is when my whole flying career just started to boom , " recalls Mawuli . Since then , Mawuli has been offered jobs from all over the world , but she 's decided to stay put and help grow a generation of female pilots in Ghana . With Porter , she has launched an academy called AV-Tech , which aims to provide young Ghanaian girls with the skills , training and inspiration they need to make it on their own as pilots . "  There are a lot of young people  who  , when they see me ,  are given  hope . It motivates them to learn harder because they believe women actually have something ahead of them , " she says . Some , like Catherine Shelton , have come from as far afield as the United States to learn from Mawuli . "  She 's a very good instructor , " says Shelton . "  She 's taught me general airfield operations -- safety , security --  and  a lot culturally . She 's taught me the difference in the aviation industry here versus the U.S. versus Europe . "  And she keeps me smiling . "	Patricia Mawuli is Ghana 's first female civilian pilot She is also the first woman in West Africa certified to build and maintain Rotax engines Mawuli grew up in a mud shack in the bush , and was denied a position when she first applied She now also teaches flying to young girls in Ghana
CNN  -- If Oprah Winfrey were a close friend and you had a secret to tell , she 'd be an obvious choice to go to for some relief . Not necessarily because she would n't broadcast it , but because she 'd probably hold your hand , ease the tension , listen sympathetically and not make you feel too bad about yourself if the secret 's more like a skeleton . You both might even shed a few tears . In essence , this is the persona that Winfrey has crafted over the years as she 's moved from newcomer host on "  AM Chicago , " to the queen of daytime TV with "  The Oprah Winfrey Show , " to the current chief executive officer of OWN , the Oprah Winfrey Network . She 's relatable , but still inspiring ; candid without being crass ; and about as vulnerable as a billionaire media titan can be . "  One of Oprah 's major products is redemption , " Kathryn Lofton , a professor of religious and American studies at Yale University , told The Globe and Mail . "  She sold the experience of confession -- of hearing somebody 's darkest story , and offering to them the possibility of relief from its articulation . " As a result , Winfrey has inspired her fair share of televised confessions , from everyday guests to high-profile names . If you need to come clean and find a new path , Winfrey 's the one to show you how to do it . Disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong is the latest celebrity to sit down with Winfrey for a "  no-holds-barred " two-part chat set to begin airing on her network Thursday night . In the pre-taped "  Oprah 's Next Chapter " interview , Armstrong is expected to admit to using performance-enhancing substances during his heralded career -- a sharp about-face after he steadfastly denied doping allegations . Stripped of his seven Tour de France titles and banned from the sport , Armstrong is not only facing a mountainous public relations hurdle , but also possible legal ramifications . While Winfrey has said she 's never had an interview this big in terms of exposure , she does have a reputation as a go-to for the celebrity confessional interview . In the past , we 've seen notable guests drop by "  Oprah " when they needed to get something off their chests , address missteps , overhaul their images , or all of the above . After a video appeared to catch Sarah Ferguson , the Duchess of York , getting money for access to her ex-husband , Ferguson went to Winfrey . Ellen DeGeneres was sure to hit the "  Oprah " show when she made the decision to come out in 1997 . DeGeneres even invited Winfrey for a cameo appearance on her prime-time comedy , "  Ellen . " There was also former track and field star Marion Jones ' post-prison talk with Winfrey in 2008 -- memorable for the athlete 's tears -- and Whitney Houston 's frank and at turns unsettling discussion of drug use with Winfrey in 2009 . "  Oprah is known for giving the interviewee fair time and creating a relaxed environment , " Sean Cassidy , president of public relations firm DKC , said via e-mail of Winfrey 's draw . "  She gives the subject a lot of rope and room to talk . " These sit-downs do n't always yield the answers the audience is looking for , but Winfrey has a knack for creating a rapport with her guests that makes it , at the very least , a riveting watch .  Exhibit A : Tom Cruise getting so comfortable with Winfrey that he thought it was OK to jump on her couch while professing his love for Katie Holmes . For example , David Letterman opened up to Winfrey last week about suffering from depression and the 2009 scandal he caused when he admitted to sleeping with staffers on his late night show . "  I have no one to blame but myself , " Letterman told Winfrey , expressing the kind of self-reflection viewers at home want to see . "  In Letterman 's case -- and certainly with Lance Armstrong -- she is probing very uncomfortable , damaging and embarrassing behavior , " Cassidy continued . "  Individuals facing these situations are uncomfortable with a rapid-fire line of questioning -- they shut down , act stiff or stick to a script . Oprah is able to create an atmosphere that is conducive to these types of uncomfortable interviews . " Part of that could be because of her brand 's emphasis on renewal and transformation , with some of her content instructing participants on how to repair past damage to move forward and clear room for one 's "  best life . " "  This idea of the confessional as a way of apologizing , as a way of transforming yourself ... and mak  ing  things better is something that Oprah really banks on , " said Catherine Squires , the Cowles professor of journalism , diversity and equality at the University of Minnesota . "  All of the celebrity advice people that she 's spawned like Dr. Phil and Dr. Oz , it 's all about saying you take personal responsibility for yourself , and focusing on this idea that everyone has to figure out some magic formula to make themselves a better person . " Indeed , the best outcome for anyone walking through Winfrey 's confession session would be the opportunity to hit the restart button -- a goal that may have factored into Armstrong 's choice to come forward now and talk to Winfrey . In an interview with "  CBS This Morning " on Tuesday , not even Winfrey could say definitively why Armstrong decided at this point to come forward , but she did say it was a difficult interview and that Armstrong "  brought it . " That euphemism may not have satisfied the skeptical , however , who have pointed out that talking with Armstrong about his transgressions would n't be the same as exploring a slip-up by a pop star . "  The major criticism with her interviews is that she 's a soft-baller , " said TVGuide.com staff editor Joyce Eng . "  When it came out that Lance was going to do this interview , it was like , ` Of course , ' because she 's not going to be hard-hitting with him . You watch ` Oprah 's Next Chapter , ' and Rihanna 's crying on it . There 's that expectation that she 's going to go a little easy on him . " Winfrey herself has said that she prepared for this interview as if it were a college exam , and walked into it with 112 questions to ask -- although she did n't get to all of them . But perhaps Winfrey 's CBS interview was the most interesting confession of all in this scenario , suggested the University of Minnesota 's Squires . After all , it ca n't be ignored what a great opportunity this is for the media mogul to expose -- and , really , just help viewers find -- her new cable network . "  The fact that she did interviews about getting the Armstrong interview is interesting . ... When she had her own daytime show , she would n't need to do any pre-press or pre-publicity , because everybody would know that Lance Armstrong was going to be on ` Oprah , ' " Squires said . "  Her network does not get the viewership that her show got , so for her to get the Lance Armstrong interview is as much about proving she has still has it as anything about whether Armstrong is going to be forgiven by the public , or get a ` get out of jail free ' card from the people who are investigating him . "	Oprah Winfrey has a reputation for being a master of confessional TV Stars turn to her because she creates a comfortable atmosphere The idea of confession and renewal is also a part of her brand Her latest "  celebrity confessional " will be Lance Armstrong
Tokyo  CNN  -- Authorities in Japan raised the prospect Friday of a likely breach in the all-important containment vessel of the No. 3 reactor at the stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , a potentially ominous development in the race to prevent a large-scale release of radiation . Contaminated water likely seeped through the containment vessel protecting the reactor 's core , said Hidehiko Nishiyama of the Japan Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency . Three employees working near the No. 3 reactor Thursday stepped into water that had 10,000 times the amount of radiation typical for a nuclear plant , Nishiyama said . An analysis of the contamination suggests "  some sort of leakage " from the reactor core , signaling a possible break of the containment vessel that houses the core , he said . The workers have been hospitalized and work inside the reactor building has been halted , according to the agency . Work inside two other reactor buildings also had to stop and workers had to be pulled back Friday after the discovery of high levels of radiation in water at those locations , a Tokyo Electric Power Company official said Saturday . Water is still being pumped into the containment vessels , the utility official said . Nuclear power experts cautioned against reading too much into the newest development , saying the workers exposed to radioactive water might not suffer injuries any more serious than a sunburn . Moreover , evidence of radioactivity in the water around the plant is not necessarily surprising given the amount of water sprayed onto and pumped into the reactors , said Ian Hutchinson , professor of nuclear science and engineering at the Massachusetts institute of Technology . "  I am not particularly alarmed , " he said . The reactor thought to be leaking contaminated water is the same one cited in the dramatic evacuation last week of a small crew of workers who had stayed behind after the plant 's owner pulled most employees from the area . The workers were pulled back March 16 after white smoke began billowing from the reactor and radiation levels spiked . At the time , the Japanese nuclear safety agency said it suspected damage to No. 3 's containment vessel , but a government spokesman the next day said there had been no indication of a "  major breach of containment . " That reactor is of particular concern , experts have said , because it is the only one at the plant to use a combination of uranium and plutonium fuel , called MOX , that is considered to be more dangerous than the pure uranium fuel used in other reactors . Plant workers were also carefully watching the plant 's No. 1 reactor , concerned that an increase in pressure noted inside that reactor could be a troublesome sign . Earlier , buildups of hydrogen gas had driven up pressure that led to explosions at three of the nuclear plant 's reactors , including the No. 1 unit . Nishiyama conceded that "  controlling the temperature and pressure has been difficult " for that reactor , which on Friday had been declared stable . The hospitalized employees were working to reconnect power to the No. 3 reactor building when they encountered water that was about 5 inches  15 centimeters  deep . Water rushed over the boots of two workers , who may have received what is called a "  beta burn . " The third worker had taller boots but was hospitalized as a precaution , according to Nishiyama . The men were exposed to the water for 40 to 50 minutes , said Tokyo Electric , which owns the plant . The workers may have ignored alarms on devices intended to measure radiation levels , believing the readings to be wrong , said the International Atomic Energy Agency , citing Japanese authorities . The two workers whose skin was exposed to the contaminated water had the highest levels of radiation recorded so far , the power company said . One , in his 30s , was exposed to 180.7 millisieverts and the other , in his 20s , tested at 179.37 millisieverts . Nishiyama said the third man -- who was exposed to 173 millisieverts but at first did not go to the hospital because his boots were high enough to prevent water from touching his skin -- has also gone to the same research hospital out of "  an abundance of caution . " Beta rays given off by radioactive substances do n't penetrate deeply into materials , including flesh , said Nolan Hertel , a professor nuclear engineering at Georgia Tech . Consequently , the danger is relatively limited , he said . "  Basically , a beta burn would be akin to a bad sunburn , " he said . Some 17 people have been exposed to 100 or more millisieverts of radiation since the plant 's crisis began two weeks ago following a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami struck . A person in an industrialized country is naturally exposed to 3 millisieverts of radiation a year . But Japan 's Health Ministry recently raised the maximum level of exposure for a person working to address the crisis at the nuclear plant to a rate of 250 millisieverts per year from the previous 100-millisievert standard . In the Fukushima Prefecture where the plant is located , officials had screened 87,813 people for radiation exposure as of Thursday , NISA said in a news release . Of those 98 people had tested above limits for exposure , but once their clothes were removed and other measures taken , the exposure levels dropped and there was no effect on health . The agency also said screeners have examined thyroid glands of 66 children ranging in age from 1 to 15 and found that the "  level of exposure of no problem . " The thyroid gland , particularly in children , can readily absorb radiation , health experts say . It 's not entirely clear where the contaminants in the water came from , according to Nishiyama . But he said that based on the composition of the radioactive material in the water , the likely source appears to be the reactor core and not the open-air spent fuel pool onto which workers have sprayed tons of water in recent days in an effort to keep it cool . He said it if the water is from the reactor core , the problem may not be a crack in containment vessel , but rather seepage from vents or valves . The containment vessel is still holding pressure , he said , a sign that it may not be cracked . The incident raised questions about radiation control measures at the plant as 536 people -- including government authorities and firefighters -- continued working there Friday , according to an official with Tokyo Electric . The high measure prompted a top official with Nishiyama 's agency to urge Tokyo Electric to "  improve its radiation management measures . " Workers are undertaking various measures to prevent the further release of radioactive substances into the air and beyond . Nishiyama said officials hope to start pumping in fresh water -- rather than the corrosive seawater they have been using -- to cool the spent-fuel pool at the No. 1 reactor and other locations . Such pools have nuclear fuel rods that can emit radiation if the water that normally surrounds them leaks out or boils off , which is more likely to happen without any functional cooling system in place . Switching to fresh water , instead of seawater , is also a priority for the No. 2 reactor 's core  as well as for its spent fuel pool  , Nishiyama said . The aim is to prevent further corrosion and damage inside , which may be worsened by the buildup of salt . A U.S. military barge loaded with fresh water to help cool the reactors left Yokosuka Navy Base at 11 a.m. , said Jose Schmitt , commander of Fleet Activities at Yokosuka . A Japanese ship will escort the barge to the Fukushima plant ; U.S. personnel are not involved in the escort or distribution of the water , according to Maj. Joseph Macri , a spokesman for U.S. Forces Japan . The U.S. military assistance follows a request by Japanese government and utility authorities for large amounts of fresh water . Beyond the seawater/saltwater issue , water in and around the Nos. 1 and 2 reactors had "  high radiation levels , " Nishiyama said Friday -- though not as high as that of the No. 3 unit . Thursday 's incident has further made the latter reactor a prime focus , and Nishiyama said Friday that "  radiation levels are high " in some locales near that unit . He said that authorities were considering "  other routes " to accomplish their goals of restarting the cooling systems around No. 3 , keeping its spent nuclear fuel pool in check and other aims . Later in the day , Nishiyama said authorities had n't yet determined how to get around the obstacle . Firefighters from Tokyo and Kawasaki were expected to resume spraying toward the No. 3 reactor and its fuel pool on Friday afternoon , according to Nishiyama . Efforts also continue at the Nos. 4 , 5 and 6 reactors -- each of which have their own concerns , though less pronounced because the units were on scheduled outages when the quake struck . None of these three units had nuclear fuel inside their reactors , though efforts are ongoing to control temperatures inside the spent fuel pools . On Friday morning , a concrete pump truck was used once again to inject seawater into the No. 4 unit 's fuel pool . CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report .	NEW : Japan nuclear agency : Screeners have examined 87,813 people for exposure NEW : Work stops at two other reactors with high radiation levels in water , utility says Discovery of contaminated water suggests nuclear core leak , Japan officials say Three workers who stepped in the water were exposed to radiation
Atlanta  CNN  -- Call it a crisis of faith . A co-worker and I walked into the office break room Wednesday , national Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day , to find a dozen or so foil-wrapped sandwiches beckoning us from the counter . This being Atlanta , home of Chick-fil-A , we recognized them immediately , and a closer look at the puck-sized packages bearing the iconic scribbled red logo confirmed our suspicions -- and deepened our paranoia . "  Is this a trick ? " my co-worker asked as he stood frozen in front of the counter . "  Will someone judge me if they see me eating one ? " We had no idea where they had come from and still do n't , but our break room is often the dumping ground of leftovers from business meetings where food is served . I also froze in silence because I knew that the answer was yes , some would judge him , at least for the time being , while the company 's stance on same-sex marriage is in the spotlight , sparking impassioned op-eds and fiery debate on cable news networks and Facebook Walls across the country . Supporters on both sides of the debate have staged demonstrations , starting with Wednesday 's appreciation day and Friday 's same-sex "  kiss day " at Chick-fil-A restaurants across the country . Are you going to "  kiss day " at Chick-fil-A ? Share your story with CNN iReport Ever since Truett Cathy opened the first Chick-fil-A Restaurant at a mall in suburban Atlanta in 1967 , the company has made no secret of its dedication to Christian values . Its corporate purpose is to "  glorify God by being a faithful steward of all that is entrusted to us " and "  to have a positive influence on all who come in contact with Chick-fil-A . " All of its locations are closed on Sunday . Chick-fil-A controversy shines light on company 's charitable giving Within this context , many Americans -- including residents of Atlanta , the ninth "  gayest " American city in 2012 , according The Advocate magazine -- have chosen either to enjoy Chick-fil-A 's sandwich variations or to not patronize the restaurant because of its values . Or , you might be like one of my gay friends , who would ask others to stand in line for his Chick-fil-A lunch , lest his boyfriend find out . But for many , COO Dan Cathy 's recent comment that he supports the "  biblical definition of the family unit " has forced their hands , compelling them to publicly choose a side and politicize their eating habits . Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day was proposed by former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee in an effort to show support for the company 's viewpoint . Those who chose to support Chick-fil-A on Wednesday led to record-breaking sales , the company said , though it did not provide specific sales numbers . "  Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day was not a company promotion ; it was initiated by others , " said Steve Robinson , executive vice president for marketing , in a statement Thursday . "  The Chick-fil-A culture and service tradition in our restaurants is to treat every person with honor , dignity and respect , regardless of their belief , race , creed , sexual orientation or gender . " Time will tell whether Chick-fil-A suffers any actual fallout from the controversy or if it 's just another "  media-driven controversy , " as some have suggested . After all , Ben & Jerry 's is still going strong despite coming out in support of same-sex marriage with flavors like Apple-y Ever After and Chubby Hubby . Californians still swear by In-N-Out Burger regardless of whether their burger comes with a large drink and a citation from a Bible passage . In the meantime , both sides have fanned the flames with high-profile demonstrations and heated rhetoric . Others are left somewhere in the middle , still craving an original chicken sandwich but reluctant to subject themselves to the scrutiny of friends and colleagues , like my co-worker . Heather Roberts of Sugar Land , Texas , made a point of patronizing at Chick-fil-A on Wednesday while visiting Atlanta for a conference . "  We wanted to eat here today , especially to show support not just for Christian values but for his right to express his beliefs , " Roberts said shortly after finishing a chicken sandwich and waffle fries from a Chick-fil-A stand in the CNN Center food court . She said she shared Cathy 's position on same-sex marriage , acknowledging that if the controversy centered around his support for it , she would n't have participated in appreciation day . Normally , though , she eats at her local Chick-fil-A at least once a week because she appreciates the food and the customer service -- not because of its Christian values . "  I 'm allowed to eat where I want , " she said . "  We need to be appreciative that we live in a country where we can say what we want and eat where we want . " Even some people who oppose Cathy 's views did n't feel the need to boycott the restaurant , especially if those views do n't lead to discrimination against customers or employees . "  I do n't agree with the owners ' beliefs , but they publicly state that they will serve all who enter the door , " CNN commenter Doug Barger said . "  I believe in religious freedom , " the Greenwood , Ohio , resident wrote in an e-mail . "  Because the owner 's personal opinions differ from mine points to a healthy society . " For many , Cathy 's views are secondary to his right express them , even among members of the LGBT community . "  Mr. Cathy has been unfairly attacked for his statement that he does n't support same-sex marriage , " said Matt Zieminski , a 20-year-old iReporter from California . "  As a gay man , I say , let him not support gays . When the gay community and gay activist groups push on anti-gay people and organizations to change their minds and opinions via bullying or forced involvement , I fear it would make whatever accomplishments taste cheap like a greasy coin . Ultimately , the acceptance of the gay community and the right of gays to marry will not be achieved through violent means , physical and verbal , but through peaceful and honest negotiations . " How the Chick-fil-A same-sex marriage controversy has evolved Predictably , Cathy 's stance on same-sex marriage kept others away Wednesday . "  I think the  COO  has made eating at Chick-fil-A a political statement . I would n't  have  had a problem eating there before , but now that the restaurant has turned into a campaign to bash the rights of the LGBT community , I realize I can put my money somewhere else , " CNN commenter Wade Pierson said . "  As a born-again gay Christian , it saddens me to see Christians feeding into politics . Politics just divides people and stirs up a lot of anger . " As counterprotests in the form of "  kiss-ins " take shape Friday , some would just as soon stay away from Chick-fil-A this week to avoid making the act of eating chicken political . "  Both sides have very good points , but both sides are also wrong , and they 're both making this into something far bigger than it needs to be , " said an Atlanta-based CNN commenter who preferred not to be named . "  Both sides just quite honestly need to grow up and stop acting like 2-year-olds just because somebody said something they did n't like . " The Atlanta resident says she does not plan to boycott the chain altogether because she agrees with both sides . And she likes the food . Plus , if you start boycotting Chick-fil-A because you disagree with the COO 's views , how far will you take your principles ? "  I 'm very impressed with people that try to avoid right-wing companies from profiting off of them . Trying to avoid Koch products would be really hard . I mean , they even make asphalt ! " a friend said in response to my Facebook question , "  are you conflicted over buying Chick-fil-A ? " "  It 's not a political issue for me . I think it 's more of a way for people to define themselves in front of their friends , " she said . "  It reminds me a lot of KONY , people getting riled up over something as a way to define themselves . " As for my co-worker , he quickly gobbled down his sandwich in the break room while we speculated over where they might have come from . He finished it before others entered the room , tsking as they pulled out their smartphones to take pictures . Two hours later , the rest of the sandwiches were gone . Complete coverage : Chick-fil-A debate CNN 's Nicole Saidi contributed to this report .	In wake of Chick-fil-A COO 's comment , Americans choose sides and politicize eating habits Others prefer to avoid controversy or quietly agonize over whether to patronize chain Many say views are secondary to the right to express them , even within LGBT community
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The woman allegedly assaulted by singer Chris Brown in Hollywood early Sunday was his girlfriend , singer Rihanna , according to sources close to the couple . Chris Brown attends a party saluting music producer Clive Davis in Beverly Hills , California , on Saturday . While Los Angeles Police have a policy against identifying alleged domestic violence victims , two people who know both Brown and Rihanna confirmed she was the woman police said had "  suffered visible injuries and identified Brown as her attacker . " Brown , 19 , turned himself in to police Sunday night after police said they were looking for him . He was arrested on suspicion of making criminal threats . Brown was later released on a $ 50,000 bond and given a March 5 court date . "  Detectives investigating the alleged domestic violence felony battery booked him for criminal threats , " a statement from the Los Angeles Police Department said . "  At the time the case is presented to the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office , additional charges may be filed . " Brown , nominated for two Grammy Awards , was scheduled to perform at the show . His girlfriend , singer Rihanna , abruptly canceled her planned Grammys performance , but neither her spokesman nor the show organizers gave a reason . "  Rihanna is well , " her spokesman said in a written statement . "  Thank you for concern and support . " Watch the latest developments in the case " Brown , 19 , and Rihanna , 20 , were seen together Saturday night at a pre-Grammys dinner at the Beverly Hills Hilton , about five miles from where police said the alleged incident happened at 12:30 a.m. Sunday . The police statement said Brown and a woman were in a vehicle near Hollywood 's Hancock Park when "  they became involved in an argument . " "  After stopping his car , Brown and the woman got out and the argument escalated , " police said . After receiving a 911 call at about 12:30 a.m. Sunday , officers found the woman at the scene of the alleged fight , but Brown had left , the department said . Investigators were treating the incident as a possible felony battery case , police said . Executives with Brown 's record label at the Grammy Awards told CNN they knew nothing about the incident and declined further comment . Brown was nominated for two Grammys this year , including in the best male R&B vocal performance category for his song "  Take You Down . " He also shares a best pop collaboration with vocals nomination with Jordin Sparks for "  No Air . " The introduction to the CBS broadcast of the Grammys , apparently pretaped , listed both Brown and Rihanna as performers .	Brown has been arrested in connection with a domestic violence incident Police : Brown turned himself in after woman accused him of attacking her Brown a no-show at Grammy Awards , where he was to perform Sunday Police have n't named woman ; Brown 's girlfriend , Rihanna , cancels performance
CNN  -- It 's J.K. Rowling 's first foray into fiction for adults . And thanks to her Harry Potter fame , her new novel , "  The Casual Vacancy , " is already a best-seller , even before its release Thursday . But some parents worry that their children might expect another adventure at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry , which this book is not . "  I 'm dying to read ` The Casual Vacancy , ' " said Kacy Faulconer , a 40-year-old mother of four kids ages 5 through 15 . "  But I 'll have to read it first before I decide whether my kids can read it . " Faulconer writes about books and parenting on her blog , "  Every Day I Write the Book . " But even if she decides to let her kids to read "  The Casual Vacancy , " she is n't sure they 'll want to . "  Frankly , even though we are huge Harry Potter fans , I 'm not sure they 'll be that interested since it does n't take place at Hogwarts . " Four hot reads for fall Harry Potter is certainly a tough act to follow . The seven-book series sold more than 450 million copies and spawned a multibillion-dollar film franchise . "  The Casual Vacancy " is set in an English town rocked by the death of a parish councilman . Publisher Little , Brown and Company asks in a statement , "  Who will triumph in an election fraught with passion , duplicity , and unexpected revelations ? " According to reports by the select few who have actually read "  The Casual Vacancy , " the new book includes real-world problems such as poverty and drug addiction . Opinion : J.K. Rowling shows why muggles obsessed with class To make sure that children do n't stumble into a disturbing story , Cindy Hudson , author of "  Book by Book : The Complete Guide to Creating Mother-Daughter Book Clubs , " suggests that parents read the novel alongside them . "  The best thing is to just pick it up and read it at the same time , " Hudson said . "  It gives the parents a chance to talk about some of the issues that come up . " Social class , swearing and sex permeate Rowling 's first adult book "  The Casual Vacancy " is under a strict embargo until its release . But the novel has been at or near the top of Amazon 's best-selling book list for the past several weeks -- even though it does n't come out until Thursday . Sara Nelson , editorial director of books and Kindle e-readers at Amazon , is n't surprised . "  She is a beloved author , " she said . "  Her books are always best-sellers . " She also points out that Rowling 's fans span a range of ages . Many Harry Potter enthusiasts are adults , although the books were intended for the younger set . Will J.K. Rowling net wizard profits from switch to crime ? And of course , many readers who were children when the series appeared have come of age along with Rowling 's narratives . The first book in the Harry Potter saga came out more than 10 years ago . Many who hopped on board the Hogwarts Express for the first time in the late 1990s are now old enough to drive -- and handle adult themes in the books they read . "  I think a lot of her audience has grown up , " said Christina DiRusso , a 23-year-old from the New York area who reckons she first happened upon Harry Potter at the age of 9 . She has read every book in the series and seen every movie . While she was growing up , she even shared them with her four younger siblings . DiRusso says she might read "  The Casual Vacancy " because of Rowling 's name : "  I 'm a huge fan of hers . " Barnes & Noble is counting on that fan loyalty . Bookstores have been heralding the arrival of "  The Casual Vacancy " for several months . Signs featuring Rowling 's picture advertise the book 's release date and offer pre-sales . Patricia Bostelman , vice president of marketing for Barnes and Noble , said , "  The book is being positioned in our stores as one of the major books through the fall and the holidays . " "  The Casual Vacancy " display will be found at the front of stores -- away from the children 's section . Time : Review of ` The Casual Vacancy ' Are you planning to read Rowling 's new book ? Will you allow your kids to read it ? Share your take in the comments section below .	"  The Casual Vacancy " is "  Harry Potter " author J.K. Rowling 's first adult novel Parents are considering whether they 'll allow their kids to read the racier book One parent and writer recommends reading the book alongside kids to guide them "  The Casual Vacancy " is topping sales lists by pre-order before its Thursday release
CNN  -- Maria de Villota has become the first female to be involved in Formula One for 20 years after joining Russian team Marussia as a test driver . De Villota , the daughter of Spain 's former F1 driver Emilio de Villota , is the first woman to be part of the elite motorsport since Italy 's Giovanni Amati entered three grands prix for Brabham in 1992 . The 32-year-old will work alongside Marussia 's newly-formed driver line-up of German Timo Glock and French rookie Charles Pic , and will be given time behind the wheel during the 2012 season . "  I am very happy to be joining the Marussia test driver program , " De Villota , who has competed in the World Touring Car Championship , told the team 's official website . Pit-lane pioneers : Women in Formula One "  This is a fantastic opportunity to work closely with a Formula One team and gain important experience to help me progress my career , including the chance to drive the new car later in the year at the Abu Dhabi test . "  I will be joining the team trackside so I 'm looking forward to working alongside them at the first race next weekend , and this can only help my future ambition to step up to Formula One racing . " Team principal John Booth welcomed De Villota to the Britain-based team , which competed as Virgin in 2010 and 2011 . "  We are pleased to welcome Maria to our test driver program , which will enable her to be integrated into a Formula One team environment and gain a vast amount of experience that will be useful to her career progression , " he said . "  We will also provide Maria with the opportunity to sample F1 machinery later in the year , further adding to her racing credentials . " De Villota is only the sixth woman to be involved in the elite division of motorsport , the first being Italy 's Maria Teresa de Filippis -- who raced in three grands prix for Maserati in 1958 . The best finish achieved by a woman in F1 was in 1975 when De Filippis ' compatriot Lella Lombardi scored half a point for placing sixth in a shortened Spanish Grand Prix . British driver Divina Galica entered three races for both the Surtees and Hesketh teams between 1976 and 1978 , but failed to qualify . She told CNN last year that De Villota 's biggest challenge would be handling the media attention and withstanding the physical demands of F1 . "  My concern for her is not that she would be an ambassador , which she would be , and I 'm sure she would do a wonderful job , " Galica said . "  But when she actually gets in the car I 'm wondering if she 'll be fit enough . "  I would be in the gym trying to lift heavy weights and get my neck muscles going and just make sure I 'm strong enough . I do n't know her , but I think that would be my advice . " American Danica Patrick attracted huge interest last month by becoming only the second woman to win pole position for a race on the NASCAR circuit . Patrick is the most successful woman in the history of open-wheel racing , after becoming the first female to win an IndyCar series event and coming third in the Indianapolis 500 in 2009 .	Spaniard Maria de Villota joins Marussia as a test driver De Villota is the first woman to join a Formula One team since 1992 The last woman behind the wheel of an F1 car was Giovanni Amati with Brabham Maria Teresa de Filippis scored half a point as a Maserati driver in 1975
CNN  -- A string of "  brazen attempts " to kill members of a gang task force in Riverside , California , has led to a $ 200,000 reward for information . Authorities hope the reward will encourage people to come forward with information related to three booby traps targeting members of the Hemet Gang Task Force , part of a countywide initiative dedicated to combating gang-related violence in Riverside . "  These brazen attempts to kill police officers in the line of duty are an outrage and even a form of urban terrorism . Our brave men and women in uniform put their lives on the line every day to keep our streets safe , " California Attorney General Jerry Brown said Thursday . "  We urge anyone with information on the attacks to come forward immediately . " Brown was joined by Riverside District Attorney Rod Pacheco , Sheriff Stanley Sniff , Hemet Police Chief Richard Dana and Riverside County Supervisor Jeff Stone in the public appeal for information . Multiple local , state and federal agencies , including the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives contributed to the reward . Authorities believe the close timing and identical targets of the attacks indicate they could be related , said John Hall , a spokesman for the district attorney 's office . On December 31 , 2009 , the unmarked headquarters of the Hemet Gang Task Force was targeted by someone who redirected the natural gas line on the roof into the building , filling up the office with deadly gas . Two task force members entering the office smelled gas and backed away before flipping the light switch and potentially causing the building to explode . On February 23 , a task force member at the Hemet headquarters opened a security gate outside the building , which launched a homemade zip gun attached to the gate . The weapon fired , missing the officer 's head by inches . The headquarters has since been moved to an undisclosed location , where extra security precautions are being taken , Hall said . On March 5 , 2010 , criminals targeted a task force member who had parked an unmarked police car in front of a convenience store in Hemet . The officer found what appeared to be a homemade pipe bomb hidden underneath the vehicle . "  There 's a person or people out there , a bunch of idiots that are trying to do damage to us . We mean to catch them . We mean to see them spend the rest of their life in jail , " Dana said . "  I 'm hoping now , with $ 200,000 , somebody 's gon na have noticed one of them , call us , tell us who it is , and let us get something done . " Hemet is one of eight local , state and federal agencies that make up the Riverside County Gang Task Force , which was formed in 2006 to address the growth of criminal street gangs and outlaw motorcycle gangs countywide . As the county expanded and its population grew , so did the presence and reach of organized crime , Hall said . Since 1997 , the number of gangs in Riverside County has grown from 266 to 391 , according to the task force 's Web site , and total gang membership has grown to 10,620 members countywide . Since the task force 's inception , the number of gang members and violent crimes has decreased and the amount of arrests and warrants served has increased , Hall said . On Wednesday , at least 31 members of the Vagos motorcycle gang were arrested at locations throughout Riverside County in "  Operation Everywhere , " which spanned four states . Hall said he could not say whether the Vagos were believed to be involved in the Hemet booby traps , citing an ongoing investigation . He said it was safe to assume that some gang activity was involved in the attacks . "  It 's possible that the gang members are feeling threatened , that we 're starting to impede on their activity and they 're retaliating , " he said . "  The investigation is still fluid and no arrests have been made , but they 're not targeting regular police . It 's reasonable to believe that they are targeting members of the task force specifically . " CNN 's Brett Roegiers contributed to this report .	Authorities hope $ 200,000 will produce tips on "  brazen attempts " on gang task force Attempts include gas line put in task force office , pipe bomb attached to unmarked car Gang activity , prevalent in Riverside County , thought to be related but no arrests yet
Editor 's note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents and producers share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . Here , State Department producer Elise Labott offers insights into Condoleezza Rice 's trip . Turkish protesters throw darts at an image of U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice . ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice 's visit to Turkey has a dual purpose : convince the Turkish leadership to hold off on a military intervention into northern Iraq and bolster Turkey 's confidence in the United States . Both are a tall order . Warm feelings toward the United States on the streets of Turkey are in short supply , and the welcome mat is not out for Rice . This week , protesters in Ankara threw darts at a photograph of Rice and held signs that read , "  Terrorist Rice , take your bloody hands from Turkey " and "  Go home Rice . " The slogans reflect a growing disgust in Turkey with the United States for what it sees as a lack of U.S. support concerning the Kurdistan Worker 's Party , or PKK , separatist rebels in northern Iraq launching attacks across the border into Turkey . In the last month alone , 47 Turks have been killed , 35 of them soldiers . Many Turks we 've talked to in Istanbul say they do n't understand why the United States , which has aggressively fought the war against terror , has not been more helpful in dealing the PKK . The PKK , they say , is the Turkish version of al Qaeda . Turkey feels it has stood by the United States through thick and thin . In Afghanistan , Turkish troops are helping keep the peace . In eastern Turkey , Incirlik Air Base is used to send 70 percent of air cargo bound for the U.S. military , as well as about one-third of their fuel . Turkey is trying to help Israelis and Palestinians end the decades-long conflict and , throughout the Middle East , it has shared valuable intelligence with the United States . Turkey feels betrayed that Washington is n't standing by its close friend in its time of need . Officials tell us they have lost trust in the United States and lost confidence in the U.S.-Turkish alliance . The relationship between Turkey and the United States has been deteriorating since the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 . The Iraq war was so unpopular in Turkey that parliament denied U.S. troops access to Iraq through Turkish soil . In fact , only 9 percent of Turks have a favorable opinion of the United States , according to a recent poll by the Pew Research Center . U.S. power of persuasion in Turkey sank even further last month when a House committee voted to recognize the deaths of close to 1 million Armenians by Ottoman Turks in 1915 as genocide . Even though the full House did n't vote on the resolution , the incident left a sour taste among Turks at a time the United States can least afford such tensions . The Turkish public is strongly urging the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to send Turkish forces across the border into Iraq to get the PKK , even if it means further harming the relationship with Washington . The United States is caught in the middle between Turkey , an important NATO ally , the Iraqi government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki and the Iraqi Kurds , which have provided relative stability in northern Iraq in an otherwise volatile country . Washington also wants to avoid Iran using the crisis to further leverage in the region . Iran 's foreign minister made a surprise visit to Turkey this week , signaling that it wants to capitalize on the rift between the United States and Turkey . Washington has kept a close and skeptical eye on the growing ties between the two countries , especially a deal Turkey signed last month to buy natural gas from Iran . This weekend at a conference of Iraq 's neighbors and other key Arab states , Rice will bring Turkish and Iraqi leaders together in an attempt to forge a plan for dealing with the PKK . The conference was originally planned to address issues about the future of Iraq and push Arab states to support the U.S. efforts there . Those issues will be overshadowed by the need avoid a new front in the Iraq war . E-mail to a friend	Protesters to Rice : "  Go home " Rice has tall order in trying to bolster Turk confidence in U.S. Washington does n't want Iran to take advantage of souring U.S.-Turkish relations
CNN  -- For two years in a row , I celebrated Independence Day in the oppressive heat of Iraq along with fellow soldiers . A few nonalcoholic beers and some locally grown watermelon were our replacement for hot dogs and potato salad . This year , as Americans across the nation celebrate July Fourth with barbecues and fireworks , those most responsible for defending our independence , the military , will continue to fight two wars . And it is a shame that we will let yet another July Fourth pass us by without making substantial progress toward ending our unnecessary dependence on oil , a dependence that is funding the bullets that our enemies fire at our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan . It is for that reason , and many more , that the fight for energy independence is being fought here at home , a struggle I hope more Americans will join in support of those who are fighting abroad . Oil poses a clear threat to America 's economic and national security . This spring we have watched as untold millions of gallons of oil flowed into the Gulf . But for years , we have watched as billions of dollars flowed to hostile nations to pay for oil . Every day , we send well over a billion dollars out of this country to pay for oil -- money that could and should be used to grow our economy and create jobs . The simple fact is that our dependence on oil from nations in the Middle East and other regions constrains our choices , hamstringing America 's flexibility and choices on the world stage . Too often , we are forced to consider the impact our foreign policy will have on our oil supply instead of whether a choice is in line with our values . Every day , we make a clear choice between living up to those values  and strengthening our security  and prolonging our weakness as a dirty-energy nation . Today , thousands of Americans are calling for a new freedom from oil -- a dangerous , dirty and vulnerable source of energy . This week , 10,000 American flags were planted on the National Mall , each representing Americans who have pledged to free our nation from a long and damaging cycle of dependence . As Americans look to rebuild our economy , we must consider the massive , alarming and unprecedented transfer of wealth to those who do not share our values . America 's ability to underwrite our national security always had , at its heart , the pumping arteries of a vibrant economy . Unless we act soon , we will be held hostage to the rest of the world , not just for oil , but for the clean-energy technology that will power the next century of growth and prosperity . Already dependent on oil , our country needs to act now lest we become dependent on China for solar panels . A more insidious impact of our dependence is clear in America 's foreign and military policy . Today we are forced to both pay and protect the nations that supply our oil , the very nations that fuel extremism around the world and turn a blind eye to terrorist funding within their own borders . That money , winding its way through shady front groups and so-called charities , ends up funding not just insurgents in Iraq , but also in Afghanistan and Pakistan . The tragedy in the Gulf of Mexico demonstrates , in clear and often painful terms , just how unreliable our energy sources have become . We are forced to drill to the deepest depths of the ocean , to despoil the richness of our God-given natural treasures , and to rely on dangerously uncontrollable technologies . It is time for us to stand on our own -- to take control of our energy -- with sources that will not threaten our security , fund our enemies or force us to ignore our values . The long struggle to live up to the challenge of our values has always been difficult , but today we stand at a clear crossroads between moving beyond oil or prolonging our dependence on it . Clean , American power is possible , but only if we commit ourselves to achieving that goal . In the spirit of the holiday and in light of the tragedy in the Gulf , let us dedicate the next two decades to winning a new battle for American independence -- from oil . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Powers .	Jonathan Powers says U.S. thirst for oil threatens its economic and national security He says America sends billions to hostile regimes which helps fuel terrorism , insurgency Oil constrains American foreign policy choices , he says Powers : U.S. should dedicate next two decades to developing alternatives to oil
Minot , North Dakota  CNN  -- Minot and other North Dakota cities dealing with record flooding will continue to be threatened by the Souris River for days to come , even though the water is no longer rising along parts of the river , a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers commander said Monday . Although the river crested in Minot early Sunday morning , it has only dropped a fraction of an inch since -- leaving crews with the tense , around-the-clock job of constantly inspecting and shoring up emergency levees built to protect critical structures , said Lt. Col. Kendall Bergmann , deputy district engineer for the Corps ' St. Paul District . "  We 're 99 % complete , but it 's an ongoing fight , " Bergmann said Monday . The river had crested in Minot and appeared to be cresting in the downstream community of Velva , Bergmann said . The remaining communities along the U.S. portion of the river -- which begins in Canada and loops back into that country downstream of Minot -- do not appear threatened , he said . Overnight , crews had to deal with floodwaters seeping through storm sewer drains and levees , but none of those issues posed major threats , he said . Workers had to build another ring levee near the Broadway Bridge to protect that critical north-south route through Minot from being cut off , Bergmann said . National Guard helicopters also had to drop one-ton sandbags around a school to keep it from flooding . The Souris River crested Sunday at Minot at nearly 13 feet over flood stage -- below earlier predictions , but still almost 4 feet above an 1881 record , according to the National Weather Service . The river had fallen about 6 inches as of Monday morning , according to the weather service , and is predicted to remain above the 1881 record into next week . The state was scheduled to open three recovery centers in North Dakota on Monday -- two in Minot and one in Bismarck -- for residents in the throes of the record-setting floods . Residents can visit the locations to find out about assistance programs and have their questions answered , Gov. Jack Dalrymple told reporters . But , he said , it is not necessary for residents to visit the centers to register for disaster assistance , which can be done by telephone or online . Dalrymple said a tour of the area Sunday was "  sobering , to say the least . " A boil-water order , issued as a precaution Saturday , remained in effect . Minot officials told residents that tap water should be boiled for at least a minute before consuming in order to kill any dangerous organisms . Republican Rep. Rick Berg said he had been in touch with officials in Washington -- which has authorized FEMA to grant assistance -- and expressed optimism that the government will work well with residents to overcome the challenges . "  You 're seeing people at the highest levels working together , putting politics behind them , " said North Dakota 's lone congressman . Many residents of Minot who evacuated ahead of the rising water returned to the area Sunday against the recommendations of the city officials , hoping to catch a glimpse of their homes , said CNN 's Jim Spellman . Spellman said when he toured the hardest-hit area by boat , several residents gave him their addresses and asked him to check on their homes . Everyone was hoping his or her home might be the one that was spared , he said , but he had to bring back bad news . "  It 's a somber feeling , sitting here , " said resident Steve Knab . He recalled "  listening to the sirens go off , and they evacuated us , and coming back the next day and seeing this ... it 's disheartening . " But , he said , "  We 'll get there . We 're healthy . " Evacuee Robin Taylor said residents have been helping one another . When her family had to evacuate in a hurry , neighbors on both sides pitched in , she said . Jim Sarroll has lived in Minot his entire life . He has sandbagged his home , located just outside the evacuation zone , with the help of neighbors , and said Sunday it was dry so far . He was , however , very concerned about the water . "  I flushed my toilet this morning , and the water was red , " he said . Still , he said he was able to see the positives , when neighbors , relatives and friends bond to get through a disaster the best they can . CNN 's Ed Payne , Alexandra Steele , Mike Pearson , Holly Yan , Phil Gast and Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	NEW : Crest appears to be passing Velva , North Dakota , Corps commander says NEW : Flood fight will continue for some time , Lt. Col. Kendall Bergmann says 3,000 to 4,000 homes have been affected by floodwater in Minot "  It 's disheartening , " says resident Steve Knab
Woodward , Oklahoma  CNN  -- The death toll from a weekend tornado in Woodward , Oklahoma rose to six Monday with the death of a critically injured man in the hospital , a city official said . The man , whose name has not been released , died at a hospital in Amarillo , Texas , about 160 miles away , Woodward emergency manager Matt Lehenbauer said . His wife remains hospitalized in critical condition , Lehenbauer said . The storm struck after midnight Sunday , taking aim at the Hidden Valley Mobile Home Park in Woodward , killing Frank Hobbie and his two young daughters , ages 5 and 7 . Two other victims , Derrin Juul and a 10-year-old girl presumed to be Juul 's daughter , died when powerful winds rolled their car several times , Woodward Mayor Roscoe Hill said . The Woodward storm was one of dozens of tornadoes believed to have been spawned by a furious storm system that wreaked havoc across large swaths of 10 states in the Midwest and Plains over the weekend . The only known casualties occurred in the northern Oklahoma city of about 12,000 , about 85 miles west of Enid . At least 29 people were injured , officials said . By early Monday , the National Weather Service lifted the last of widespread tornado watches in Minnesota , Wisconsin , Arkansas , Iowa and Illinois after threats of another furious outbreak of tornadoes never materialized . Strong thunderstorms remained a possibility during the early morning hours , the service said . The weather service 's Storm Prediction Center received 10 reports of tornadoes Sunday -- the last a reported touchdown in McLeod County in Minnesota -- and 122 reports of tornadoes Saturday . Officials credited working early warning systems elsewhere in the region with preventing more fatalities . Advisories from the system were issued two days in advance , rather than just hours , and were "  remarkably accurate , " said Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback . "  People took it very seriously . " But in Woodward , Oklahoma , where 89 homes and 13 businesses were destroyed , the storm took out the transmitter for the tornado warning siren system . "  We lost our manual override " when the electricity was knocked out , City Manager Alan Riffel said . Given that and timing of the tornado -- after midnight , and after other severe weather had barreled through -- Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin said , the human cost could have been even worse . "  It 's remarkable that we did n't have more loss of life in Woodward , " she said late Sunday afternoon . Fallin has declared a state of disaster emergency in 12 counties in order to help expedite resources . In southwest Iowa , residents of Thurman were digging through debris after a tornado struck Saturday . "  About 75 % of the homes are damaged or destroyed , " said Mike Crecelius , Fremont County 's emergency management director . Four truckers whose rigs were blown off Interstate 29 , by the same tornado that struck Thurman , were the only ones hospitalized with storm-related injuries , the weather service said . The agency reported the twister had winds between 111 and 135 mph as it caused a half-mile-long damage path over 10 miles . Earlier , a confirmed tornado struck a hospital in Creston , Iowa , blowing out windows and damaging the roof , said John Benson of the Iowa Homeland Security and Emergency Management agency . There were no major injuries reported , and patients were relocated to other area hospitals . One of the biggest cities hit over the weekend was Wichita , Kansas , where resident Katie Sykes said torrential rains produced a "  river in my front yard " and the prospect of a tornado had her shuddering in fear . "  When I was little , we prepared for storms , hearing the sirens and then going to the basement . And going through this experience , I felt like a little kid , young and scared , " Sykes said . A tornado churned across the southern part of the city , home to a number of aircraft-related manufacturers . The tornado struck Boeing and Sprit AeroSystems , officials said . A few hundred employees were working at a Spirit Aero Systems plant , producing fuselages and other equipment for Boeing aircraft , said company spokesman Ken Evans , when a twister came through and caused the roof to collapse . No one was injured , and workers have been told not to come in until Wednesday as the damage is assessed . CNN 's Rob Marciano reported from Oklahoma and Maria P. White from Atlanta .	NEW : Death toll rises to six in Woodward , Oklahoma Authorities from Texas to Minnesota are assessing storm damage In Oklahoma , residents are preparing to bury the only known storm casualties Tornado warnings are lifted , though forecasters warn strong thunderstorms are still likely
CNN  -- Paraguay booked a place in the last eight of the World Cup for the very first time in their history at the expense of Japan but only after a dramatic penalty shoot out in Pretoria . Japan 's Yuichi Komano missed the crucial spot kick and Paraguay striker Oscar Cardozo was the man to seal the game with the winning penalty , as his side triumphed 5-3 . Neither side created many chances during 120 minutes of disappointing football , though Japan 's Daisuke Matsui hit the crossbar and Paraguay forced goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima into a couple of smart saves . In the end , Paraguay held its nerve from 12 yards to make it to the quarterfinals , where they will face the winners of Tuesday 's other last 16 clash between Spain and Portugal . After a quiet opening 20 minutes at Loftus Versfeld Stadium Paraguay fashioned the first opening when Lucas Barrios got into the area and forced Japan goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima into a good low save . Seconds later , Daisuke Matsui struck the bar from 25 yards with a looping shot . Manchester City striker Roque Santa Cruz was the next to go close as he latched onto a loose ball in the area but he dragged his shot wide . Five minutes before halftime Japan created a chance for Keisuke Honda after Matsui squared the ball to him on the edge of the box . He elected to shoot , and sliced his shot wide , when Yoshito Okubo was unmarked to his left . Chances were few and far between for the rest of half as Japan sat deep and made themselves difficult to break down . After the break Nestor Ortigoza worked his way into the penalty area but failed to get a shot off before Cristian Riveros flashed a header right at Kawashima . Japan defender Marcus Tulio Tanaka went close with a header from a corner but both sides struggled to open each other up . As the end of 90 minutes loomed both sides retreated , more than happy to sit back rather than launch men forward , and the game duly went into extra time . Paraguay pressed forward after the restart and substitute Edgar Barreto tested Kawashima with a header , before the ` keeper had to dive at Nelson Valdez 's feet to prevent him scoring . Honda then forced Paraguay ` keeper Justo Villar into a save with a free-kick . In the second half of extra time Japan came close to a winner when Yuto Nagatomo 's cross was met by Honda but Villar saved , but the game went to penalties . The first six penalties were converted before Komano smashed his shot against the crossbar . Then Cardozo held his nerve to clinch the game .	Paraguay beat Japan to book a place in the last eight of the World Cup South American side won 5-3 on penalties after a goalless game Japan 's Yuichi Komano missed the crucial penalty Paraguay will now face either Spain or Portugal in quarterfinal
CNN  -- Venus Williams could not find the energy and inspiration which had seen her defeat sister Serena in the last four as she slipped to a straight sets defeat to Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska in the final of the Rogers Cup in Montreal Sunday . Maybe the effort of three straight three-set matches took its tool , but the seven-time grand slam champion was rarely a factor as she lost 6-4 6-2 in 81 minutes at the hard court tournament . "  I am sorry . I fell a little short . I did n't have as much to give as I would have liked , " Venus said . She took the opening game of the match before Radwanska went on a run of four straight to take an early stranglehold . Williams broke back for 4-3 , but the third seed rounded out the set 6-4 . The pair exchanged breaks at the start of the second , but Radwanska broke again in the fifth game and did not drop another to claim her 14th WTA career title . The Wimbledon 2012 runner-up to Serena Wlliams was delighted by her victory and a check for $ 467,000 for the win . "  Everything was working for me today , " she said . Consolation for Williams is that she will improve her current ranking of 26 after her fine run at the tournament and an earlier title in 2014 . Later Sunday , Jo-Wilfried Tsonga completed a triumphant week at the men 's Rogers Cup in Toronto with a straight sets victory over Roger Federer . The Frenchman had beaten world number one Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray on his way to the title match at the Masters 1000 tournament and Federer went the same way in a 7-5 7-6 victory . The 13th seed had also gone into this match as the underdog , with Federer looking for a remarkable 300th win at this level . But a single break after a pair of errors from Federer saw him wrap up the opener . The second set went with service with Tsonga wrapping up the tiebreaker 7-3 to win his second Masters 1000 crown and to climb back into the top 10 of the world rankings . Tsonga had not won a title in 18 months after struggling with injury and loss of form , but has returned to his best with a vengeance ahead of the U.S. Open later this month .	Agnieszka Radwanska wins Rogers Cup in Montreal Beats Venus Williams 6-4 6-2 in final Jo-Wilfried Tsonga stuns Roger Federer in Toronto final Tsonga beat Novak Djokovic on the way to title match
CNN  -- What began as an online protest over the controversial case of an alleged rape of a then-14-year-old girl became a street demonstration Tuesday night as hundreds of protesters gathered in a small Missouri town demanding "  Justice for Daisy . " It was the first physical protest since the case launched a social media fervor driven by online activist group Anonymous . A few relatives of the alleged victim cried as people gathered , telling CNN they were glad to see some people in Maryville , a town of 12,000 residents , finally supporting the girl . Daisy Coleman says a teenage boy raped her in 2012 when she was 14 . Coleman 's mother , Melinda , says that after her daughter 's alleged assault , her children received threats . Melinda Coleman was also fired from her job as a veterinarian at a clinic . The Colemans have since moved from the town in northwest Missouri , about 100 miles north of Kansas City . In April , their house in Maryville -- which had been vacant and for sale -- burned . Some of the protesters who came to the rally on Tuesday were out-of-towners who were so moved by the case they drove several hours to attend . They said they were hopeful that the rally would inspire a wider conversation about rape and rape victims . Melinda Coleman , who was not at the rally , said she was heartened to hear so many people had gathered in support of her daughter . She held back tears of her own as she told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " : "  I think it 's a wonderful sentiment and I 'm really touched ... and happy . " She said she is ecstatic the case has been reopened after a special prosecutor was appointed Monday . "  I think that just the fact that we 're being heard and we 're getting a chance at justice is huge . All we 've ever wanted was to have some justice , " she said , adding that she has yet to meet with the new prosecutor . In an interview with Erin Burnett last week , Daisy Coleman described leaving her house during a sleepover and going with a boy who was later charged with sexual assault . The charges against Matthew Barnett , 17 at the time of the incident , were subsequently dropped . A lawyer for Barnett said last week that his client cooperated with authorities and admitted he had sex with Daisy . "  While many find Matt Barnett 's behavior reprehensible , the legal issue was whether a crime was committed , " Robert Sundell said in the statement . Daisy Coleman 's friend , Paige -- who says she was raped by a different boy that same night -- had her case settled in juvenile court . CNN does not typically identify alleged victims of sexual assault but has done so in this case because Paige , Daisy and her mother have chosen to go public . CNN has agreed to identify Paige by just her first name . On Monday , a new special prosecutor promised to review the case "  without fear and without favor . " "  I know that this case has raised a variety of concerns in northwest Missouri , so please know this : This case will be thoroughly reviewed , " Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker said . A judge appointed Baker as special prosecutor days after a different prosecutor , who dropped charges , said he 'd request the move . The initial prosecutor , Nodaway County Prosecutor Robert L. Rice , has said he dropped a sexual assault charge against the boy because the girl and her relatives refused to cooperate . "  There was insufficient evidence to prove a criminal charge beyond a reasonable doubt , " he said in a statement . A charge against the boy 's friend who was accused of recording part of the incident on an iPhone was also discontinued . But the case got new life this month after The Kansas City Star featured it and CNN interviewed Daisy and her mother . Why Anonymous wants justice in Missouri rape case	Hundreds gather in small Missouri town in support of girl who says she was raped Family left town after the alleged assault , saying they were harrassed Special prosecutor was appointed after different prosecutor dropped charges The alleged victim says she was raped when she was 14
Editor 's note : This story originally appeared on CNN.com on October 20 . Barack Obama mentioned Ann Nixon Cooper on Tuesday in his presidential victory speech . Ann Nixon Cooper , 106 years old , lived during a time when blacks and women did not have the right to vote . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Ann Nixon Cooper , 106 years old , has seen presidents come and go in her lifetime and has outlived most of them . On a sunny fall morning , she left her weathered but well-kept Tudor home in Atlanta , Georgia , to vote early -- this time for Barack Obama . The African-American centenarian remembers a time not long ago when she was barred from voting because of her race . Now she hopes to see the day that Obama is elected as the nation 's first black president . "  I ai n't got time to die , " Cooper said with a smile . "  Even if he did n't win , I was happy for him just to be nominated , " said the former socialite . "  The first black president -- is n't that something , at 106 years old ? " Watch Obama say ` Yes we can ' " At the Fulton County government center , Cooper was greeted by Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin . "  I thought that I would accompany her today to support her , but also to say to all people that this is a choice we have , " Franklin said . "  As all Americans , we should cherish the right to vote and take every opportunity we have to vote our opinions . She is an inspiration to me personally , but she is also quite an inspiration to all Atlanta . " Watch Cooper talk about her life and experiences " Cooper , in a wheelchair and helped by two caretakers , bypassed the long lines of early voters and headed right to the voting machine . Her 106-year-old hands reached out to the 21st-century touch screen to cast her vote for Obama . Back at her home , surrounded by the elegance of a bygone era , Cooper clutched the photo albums laid out on her dining room table . The longtime socialite and community leader has called Atlanta home since the 1920s . See images of Cooper 's day " She and her late husband , prominent dentist Dr. Albert Cooper , raised four children in this house . "  Our days and nights were just social affairs , " she said . The home was a center of Atlanta 's black society and the scene of many parties . Celebrities , including the late singer Nat King Cole , dropped in to visit . "  It 's been a house with a heap of living going on in it , " said Cooper . She wears a charm bracelet that former U.S. ambassador to the U.N. and Atlanta Mayor Andrew Young gave her when she turned 99 . "  He adds a charm every year , " said friend and caretaker Sally Warner . "  Andy says he will have to apply for a loan soon to keep up with Mrs. Cooper . " Cooper danced the electric slide up until the age of 103 . She has recently slowed down after suffering several heart attacks and a fractured hip . On a typical day , Cooper spends hours watching television in her wood-paneled sitting room . "  Her favorite show is ` The Price is Right , ' although she is getting used to Drew Carey as the new host , " said Warner . Other favorite shows include "  Oprah " and "  Dancing with the Stars . " When the weather is nice , Cooper spends afternoons on her screened porch , watching traffic go by and reminiscing about old times . Occasionally she leaves the house for an outing . Cooper was born in Shelbyville , Tennessee , in 1902 . She grew up in Nashville with uncles and an aunt who worked as a domestic for wealthy whites . She married Albert Cooper in Nashville in 1922 , and the couple moved to Atlanta . Three of Cooper 's four children have died ; her surviving daughter is 83 . She has 14 grandchildren living and many great-grandchildren and great-great-grandchildren . When asked about the secret to her longevity , Cooper said , "  I do n't know how it happened , but being cheerful had a lot to do with it . I 've always been a happy person , a giggling person -- a wide-mouthed person ! " To young people , Cooper offers this advice : "  Keep smiling . No matter what , you get out and vote . Vote your choice . "	106-year-old votes for Barack Obama ; "  Is n't that something ? " she asks Ann Cooper remembers an era when women , blacks were not allowed to vote Centenarian was socialite , community leader in Atlanta 's black society Cooper 's advice to younger generation : Be cheerful , get out and vote
CNN  -- A boy labeled the youngest detainee in Bahrain 's prison system has been released pending trial , one of his lawyers said Tuesday . The boy , Ali Hasan , was arrested on May 14 and accused of participating in an "  illegal gathering " with about a dozen others , according to the Bahrain International Affairs Authority , the Persian Gulf kingdom 's information office . Authorities accuse him of burning tires at a roadblock . Human rights groups say he is 11 years old . Authorities say he is 12 . Defense attorney Mohsin Al-Alawi said he recently visited Hasan and the boy told him that he did n't take part in an "  illegal gathering . " The boy sobbed , said he is tired and wanted to go home , Al-Alawi said Monday . Human rights groups had been demanding his release and say he was arrested as the country continues to crack down on anti-government protesters . Another attorney , Shahzalan Khamees , said Tuesday the boy was released Monday without bail or restrictions , on the promise that he would appear to face trial on June 20 . "  Since he was detained , he has one phrase that does not change : ' I want to go home . ' Now he is home with his parents and siblings , " Khamees said . The lawyer hopes the case will be dismissed , he said . "  He is a child , and under international law children can not be tried . They can make a mistake , but they can not be legally tried for their actions , " Khamees said . "  The police record states that they saw a bag of garbage in the street and blamed him for using it to block the street , " he said . Authorities should be "  more than satisfied " with the time Hasan has spent in jail "  and the damage they have caused to the boy by imprisoning him , " Khamees said . Bahrain needs to treat children better , he added : "  These are just children . They should be allowed to move like birds from one area to the next without fear of being trapped . " Authorities said Monday that Hasan was "  receiving social care and tutoring at the  detention  center . He completed his last exam of the sixth grade level on Thursday . " The Bahrain Rehabilitation and Anti-Violence Organization , an Ireland-based rights group , said Monday that there are a "  growing number of children detained for investigation in security cases . " The Bahrain Center for Human Rights also accused the government of targeting children under age 15 in its crackdown . The rights group said Hasan is the youngest detainee in Bahrain 's prison system . The government did not immediately respond to the allegation . Bahrain has been heavily criticized by rights groups for its crackdown on anti-government protests that began February 14 , 2011 , in the country -- spurred by popular uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt . But the protests failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings after a crackdown in February and then again in mid-March of last year by Bahraini authorities -- backed by troops from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . Demonstrators and Bahraini authorities have continued to clash , with the opposition accusing the government of being heavy-handed in its crackdown on protests . In November , Bahrain 's Independent Commission of Inquiry issued a report highly critical of the crackdown . The commission , set up by the king , concluded that police had used excessive force and torture during last year 's crackdown . The report recommended reforms to the country 's laws and better training of its security forces . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Ali Hasan is freed but must return for trial later this month , his lawyer says Human rights groups say he is 11 , while authorities say he 's 12 Authorities accuse him of participating in an "  illegal gathering " and burning tires Bahrain clamped down on an uprising inspired by the Arab Spring movement last year
CNN  -- The International Criminal Court handed down its first-ever sentence Tuesday , sending Thomas Lubanga -- the Congolese warlord convicted of using child soldiers and turning them into killers -- to prison for 14 years . But six years , from March 2006 until Tuesday , that Lubanga had been in custody will be deducted from the sentence , Judge Adrian Fulford at the court The Hague , Netherlands , said . Fulford said "  vulnerability of children mean that they need to be afforded particular protection that does not apply to the general population . " Warlords beyond Lubanga and Kony Lubanga 's cooperation with the court was one of the mitigating factors that the court considered during sentencing , he said . In March , the court convicted Lubanga of conscripting and enlisting children under age 15 and using them to participate in "  hostilities " during a civil war in the Democratic Republic of the Congo . Prosecutors said Lubanga led a rebel force that recruited child soldiers . The violence occurred between 2002 and 2003 in the mineral-rich eastern part of the nation . Lubanga forced some of the child soldiers to serve in militia roles , including as his bodyguards , the court said . Former child soldiers testified that Lubanga recruited them to kill , rape and rob . Lubanga 's case marked the ICC 's first trial and first verdict since the court was established in 2002 to address offenses of international concern , such as genocide and war crimes . In recent months , the court has come under fierce criticism that it disburses justice selectively . Critics have said the court targets Africa and bypasses opportunities to investigate abuses in various nations , including Afghanistan and Iraq . The court currently has investigations in the Central African Republic , Uganda , Kenya , Sudan , Ivory Coast and Libya . Do war crimes trials really help victims ? CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Thomas Lubanga was convicted of recruiting child soldiers during a bloody civil war Former child soldiers testified that Lubanga recruited them to kill , rape and rob Lubanga 's case marked the International Criminal Court 's first trial and verdict
CNN  -- Imagine kicking back on a private island in the Bahamas where the staff caters to your every whim . Yes , it 's a pipe dream for 99 % of us , but let 's imagine . Put that bank balance out of your mind . Now conjure up a snorkel and flippers . To find some of the most out-of-this-world destinations for jet-setters in 2013 , CNN.com asked Robb Report editorial director Bruce Wallin for ideas . So keep this list handy in case of a fat financial windfall : Singita Grumeti Reserves , Tanzania Located on a private 350,000-acre game reserve , the Singita Grumeti Reserves has only four small lodges on the property . The four-bedroom Serengeti House , which is listed on its blog , quietly opened to guests in December and includes its own chef , guides , tennis court and pool . "  The lodges themselves are as nice as Four Seasons New York , if not nicer , " says Wallin . "  The wildlife is great , and the service and food is incredible . It 's one of the nicest places in the world to stay . " Serengeti House rates start at $ 8,500 a night for up to four guests during high season  parts of December and January and all of June , July and August  , with additional charges for five to eight guests . Pay $ 84,500 to rent the house for a week for up to eight guests . Song Saa Private Island , Cambodia The dream of an Australian couple living in Cambodia , the exclusive Song Saa Private Island resort opened in March . With just 27 villas on two small islands in the Koh Rong archipelago , the resort offers diving , snorkeling , nature trails , kayaking , fishing and boat trips to surrounding islands . Song Saa also has a relationship with the Amansara resort in Siem Reap , allowing travelers to stay there while visiting Angkor Wat 's ancient temples . High-season villa prices starts at $ 1,595 a night for the one-bedroom Jungle Villa . Rates include food , beverages including beer and house wines and spirits , guided tours and the use of kayaks , boats and snorkeling gear . Four Seasons Around the World Imagine jetting around the world via private 757 airplane , visiting some of the world 's most extraordinary sites with travel experts and staying at Four Seasons hotels at your destinations . Customs is a breeze for such world travelers . Four Seasons featured two around-the-world trips in 2012 , each 22 days long , and is already taking reservations for next September 's trip . The 2013 journey includes stops in Japan , China , the Maldives , Turkey and Russia . Only 76 spots are available . Double occupancy costs $ 70,950 a person , and the single supplement is an extra $ 8,650 . Musha Cay and the Islands of Copperfield Bay , Bahamas Want a vacation for up to 24 family members or best friends that goes beyond luxury ? Consider Musha Cay and the Islands of Copperfield Bay , owned and developed into a beach resort in the Exumas by world-famous magician David Copperfield . You and your guests can take part in a treasure hunt , spy challenge or other theatrical adventures designed by the team behind Copperfield 's magic shows . Of course , the resort also has beaches , a swimming pool , tennis court , outdoor movie theater and nature trails . Rent out the whole resort , which consists of five houses on the main island . Rates start at $ 37,500 a night for up to 12 guests with a four-night minimum , including all meals and beverages . The resort can host up to 24 guests for an additional fee . King Pacific Lodge , Northern British Columbia , Canada Accessible via privately chartered plane from Vancouver to Bella Bella with a transfer to float planes for the final leg , King Pacific Lodge is in the middle of British Columbia 's Great Bear Rainforest . The lodge actually floats : Built from cedar , fir , pine and stone on a barge , King Pacific is only open June through September . It has 17 guest rooms and suites , a spa , deck and pool . Prices start at $ 4,900  Canadian  based on double occupancy for three nights and include all meals , beverages and use of the lodge facilities . The Great Bear Rainforest , home to the Gitga'at people  part of the Tsimshian Nation  , is host to many nature activities , including kayaking , fishing , whale watching and wildlife watching . Dorado Beach , a Ritz-Carlton Reserve , Puerto Rico The Dorado Beach , a Ritz-Carlton Reserve , is n't a newcomer to Puerto Rico . The resort , which opened is doors on December 12 , is on the site of Laurance Rockefeller 's former estate near San Juan . The property continued his environmental legacy by setting aside some 75 % of its 1,400 acres as green space . All 100 guestrooms and 14 one-bedroom suites are on the beach . "  Su Casa , " a restored four-bedroom beachfront villa , was the original hacienda . Restaurant and beachfront dining feature the talents of acclaimed chef Jose Andres . The spa offers a tree-house option for massages . Rates start at $ 1,499 a night based on double occupancy . Ballyfin , Ireland Sitting at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains in the Irish countryside , Ballyfin was named in the Robb Report 's "  Best of the Best 2012 . " Originally the home of Sir Charles Coote , the Regency mansion reopened as Ballyfin in May 2011 with 15 guest rooms . Built in 1822 for Coote 's family , the 614-acre estate was later sold and served as a Catholic school . Purchased by a Chicago businessman in 2002 , it underwent a nine-year renovation that upgraded the technology while keeping the Old World elegance and charm . The resort is closed in January and February  reservations can still be made during that time  , and it reopens for the season on March 8 . Daily weekend rates for March and April , including meals and amenities , start at 915 euros  $ 1,206 U.S.  a night for a deluxe room , based on double occupancy . Aspen , Colorado The recent reopening of the Hotel Jerome , one of the oldest U.S. luxury hotels west of the Mississippi , is just one of the reasons why Aspen is a top U.S. spot for high-end travel , says Wallin . Even without the renovation , Aspen was already a magnet for the rich and famous . St. Regis Aspen reopened in December 2011 after a $ 40 million redesign . And the five-star lodge Little Nell just opened Element 47 , which Wallin says may be the best restaurant in town . "  Aspen has long been the country 's most glamorous ski destination , so it 's hard to say it 's undergoing a revival -- it never really waned in popularity in the first place , " says Wallin , "  But with all the new restaurants , renewed hotels and other developments in the area , Aspen is probably the best it 's ever been as a luxury destination . " At the St. Regis Aspen , the winter season starting rate for a standard guest room , based on double occupancy , is $ 899 a night . Hotel Jerome 's winter season rates start at $ 695 a night based on double occupancy .	Serengeti House is so exclusive the parent company does n't list it on its website  yet For the price of a house in some parts of the U.S. , Four Seasons will take you around the world You 'll have to take a charter plane to make it to the King Pacific Lodge in Canada
CNN  -- Hip-hop and rap artist Petey Pablo is facing nearly three years in prison after sentencing on a guilty plea of possessing a stolen firearm , according to federal prosecutors . Pablo , whose real name is Moses Barrett , was sentenced Monday in U.S. District Court in New Bern , North Carolina , to 35 months in prison . The sentencing came following a March guilty plea from the 38-year-old performer , who lives in Wake Forest , North Carolina . According to a statement from Thomas G. Walker , U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of North Carolina , Pablo was going through security at Raleigh-Durham International Airport on September 11 , 2010 , when a loaded semi-automatic 9 mm pistol was found in his bag . Pablo was attempting to board a flight to Los Angeles , the statement said . Federal authorities determined that the pistol had been stolen during a residential burglary in California in 2005 . Pablo , who is best known for his songs "  Raise Up " and "  Freek-a-Leek " is scheduled to begin serving his sentence in December .	Petey Pablo was stopped at a North Carolina airport last September A semi-automatic pistol was found in his bag , and authorities determined that it was stolen Pablo pleaded guilty in March to possessing a stolen firearm
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- A massive two-week food distribution effort aimed at reaching 2 million people began Sunday in Haiti 's quake-ravaged capital . Slightly more than 376 metric tons of rice were distributed to 100,368 people at nine locations during the day , World Food Programme spokesman Marcus Prior said . The food distribution plan , coordinated by the United Nations World Food Programme , international aid agencies and the Haitian government , was to hand out food at 16 identified points across the city . But on Sunday , people at only nine of those places were able to collect , Prior said . More time was needed to prepare ration coupons at five sites , Prior said . The other two distribution points , located in the dense slum of Cite Soleil , were a no-go for security reasons . "  The area has been extremely volatile recently with a significant increase in gang violence , but we are hopeful we will be able to reach them soon , " he said . Distribution was orderly elsewhere , Prior said . Only women were given tickets to collect a 55 pound  25 kilogram  bag of rice per family . Forty-two metric tons of rice will be distributed each day over the next two weeks . At Champs de Mars , the city 's central plaza which has turned into a sprawling makeshift camp for the quake displaced , women formed a long line that snaked up to trucks carrying the rice . Full coverage One by one they stepped up and walked away with a white bag on their heads . A smile blossomed on some faces . U.S. soldiers were out in force to guard against chaos . "  There was no way we could do this without them . There 's no way we could push back people without the troops , " said Jacques Montouroy , a logistical planner for Catholic Relief Services , one of eight aid agencies participating in the two-week food plan . Prior said the WFP will work with its aid partners to ensure that men in need of assistance are not excluded . Women are receiving the food vouchers because they tend to be responsible for the household food supply , Prior said . "  Our long experience in food distribution tells us that by delivering food into the hands of women , it is more likely to be redistributed equitably among the household -- including the men , " he said . Montouroy said most men have someone -- a wife , a sister , a mother or girlfriend -- who will be able to feed them . He said it was safer to deliver the rice to the women . But things did n't sit well with some men . "  What about me ? I did n't get anything . I need food , " said Johnny Sanon Stevenson . "  Many people could not participate . " The missing , the found , the victims With tight security , it was impossible for crowds to enter cordoned off areas where the food trucks were emptied . The WFP said the specified drop sites are a key step in establishing food security . At the central plaza , Master Sgt. Ranny Lewis helped a woman carry her bag of rice and then led women waiting in line in singing "  Glory , Glory Hallelujah . " Lewis , a native of the Caribbean nation of Antigua and Barbuda who serves in the 478 Civil Affairs Battalion , said gospel was the lifeblood of the region . Song was a way of overcoming frustration and calm fears . Lewis said it was a dream come true for him to be able to help the people of Haiti in their greatest hour of need . "  This is the ultimate civil affairs mission , " Lewis said . "  This is where the rubber meets the road . " "  It was difficult to control my tears , " he said . "  It brings me home , to my roots . I was one with the people . " WFP Executive Director Josette Sheeran said the January 12 Haiti earthquake was the "  most complex challenge " the agency has confronted . "  But this distribution system will not only allow us to reach more people , it will give us the qualitative step we need to facilitate the delivery of all kinds of humanitarian assistance in the weeks and months to come , " Sheeran said in a statement . The food aid plan involves at least eight private humanitarian agencies : Samaritan 's Purse , Catholic Relief Services , CARE , World Vision , ACTED , Save The Children , GOAL and ADRA . "  Together with our NGO -LSB- non-governmental organization -RSB- partners we are working with the local authorities , churches and other civil society organizations to ensure that all male-headed households and others with special needs are not excluded from these distributions , " Prior said . Details of the plan were finalized at a meeting attended by WFP , the aid agencies and senior members of the Haitian government , said Ken Isaacs , vice president of programs for Samaritan 's Purse . He said those attending the meeting were given coupons , which were being handed out to needy families in the districts drawn up around each distribution point . The two-week effort aims to reach 2 million people in Port-au-Prince but does not expand to those living in other quake-devastated cities like Leogane . Ongoing emergency aid distributions to outlying areas will continue , Prior said . "  Up until now the nature of this emergency has forced us to work in a ` quick and dirty ' way simply to get food out , " Sheeran said . "  This new system will allow us to provide food assistance to more people , more quickly through a robust network of fixed distribution sites . " CNN 's Alec Miran contributed to this report .	NEW : 376 metric tons of rice distributed to 100,368 people at nine locations , official said Food distribution program coordinated by aid agencies and Haitian government Only women allowed to receive the 55-pound bags of rice being handed out Official says food given to women is more likely to be shared fairly by everyone
CNN  -- Iraq has executed a high-ranking aide to the late ruler Saddam Hussein , a government spokesman said Thursday . The Justice Ministry carried out the execution of Abid Hamid Mahmud al-Tikriti , who was Hussein 's personal secretary , national security adviser and senior bodyguard , spokesman Ali a-Dabbagh said . Al-Tikriti was the "  ace of diamonds " in the U.S. military 's card deck of 55 most-wanted Iraqis . He was No. 4 on the list , behind Hussein and his sons Uday and Qusay . He and members of Hussein 's special security forces were captured in a 2003 raid by U.S. Special Operations Forces near the north-central Iraq town of Tikrit . The Iraqi High Tribunal had sentenced al-Tikriti to death for genocide and crimes against humanity . The 2003 U.S.-led invasion toppled Hussein 's Sunni-dominated regime . Hussein was hanged in December 2006 after being found guilty of crimes against humanity in the killings of Shiite villagers in 1982 .	Abid Hamid Mahmud al-Tikriti was Saddam Hussein 's national security adviser Al-Tikriti was the regime 's most wanted official next to Hussein and his sons He had been sentenced to death for genocide and crimes against humanity
When you 're a patient , you trust you 're in good hands , but even the best doctor or nurse can make a mistake on you or someone you love . "  Mistakes are happening every day in every hospital in the country that we 're just not catching , " says Dr. Albert Wu , an internist at Johns Hopkins Hospital . Medical errors kill more than a quarter million people every year in the United States and injure millions . Add them all up and "  you have probably the third leading cause of death " in the country , says Dr. Peter Pronovost , an anesthesiologist and critical care physician at Johns Hopkins Hospital . The harm is often avoidable , and there are strategies you can use to help doctors and nurses get things right . Here 's a list of 10 shocking medical mistakes and ways to not become a victim : 1 . Mistake : Treating the wrong patient • Cause : Hospital staff fails to verify a patient 's identity . • Consequences : Patients with similar names are confused . • Prevention : Before every procedure in the hospital , make sure the staff checks your entire name , date of birth and barcode on your wrist band . • Example case : Kerry Higuera 2 . Mistake : Surgical souvenirs • Cause : Surgical staff miscounts  or fails to count  equipment used inside a patient during an operation . • Consequences : Tools get left inside the body . • Prevention : If you have unexpected pain , fever or swelling after surgery , ask if you might have a surgical instrument inside you . • Example case : Nelson Bailey 3 . Mistake : Lost patients • Cause : Patients with dementia are sometimes prone to wandering . • Consequences : Patients may become trapped while wandering and die from hypothermia or dehydration . • Prevention : If your loved one sometimes wanders , consider a GPS tracking bracelet . • Example case : Mary Cole 4 . Mistake : Fake doctors • Cause : Con artists pretend to be doctors . • Consequences : Medical treatments backfire . Instead of getting better , patients get sicker . • Prevention : Confirm online that your physician is licensed . • Example case : Sarafina Gerling 5 . Mistake : The ER waiting game • Cause : Emergency rooms get backed up when overcrowded hospitals do n't have enough beds . • Consequences : Patients get sicker while waiting for care . • Prevention : Doctors listen to other doctors , so on your way to the hospital call your physician and ask them to call the emergency room . • Example case : Malyia Jeffers 6 . Mistake : Air bubbles in blood • Cause : The hole in a patient 's chest is n't sealed airtight after a chest tube is removed . • Consequences : Air bubbles get sucked into the wound and cut off blood supply to the patient 's lungs , heart , kidneys and brain . Left uncorrected the patient dies . • Prevention : If you have a central line tube in you , ask how you should be positioned when the line comes out . • Example case : Blake Fought7 . Mistake : Operating on the wrong body part • Cause : A patient 's chart is incorrect , or a surgeon misreads it , or surgical draping obscures marks that denote the correct side of the operation . • Consequences : The surgeon cuts into the wrong side of a patient 's body . • Prevention : Just before surgery , make sure you reaffirm with the nurse and the surgeon the correct body part and side of your operation . • Example case : Jesse Matlock8 . Mistake : Infection infestation • Cause : Doctors and nurses do n't wash their hands . • Consequences : Patients can die from infections spread by hospital workers . • Prevention : It may be uncomfortable to ask , but make sure doctors and nurses wash their hands before they touch you , even if they 're wearing gloves . • Example case : Josh Nahum 9 . Mistake : Lookalike tubes • Cause : A chest tube and a feeding tube can look a lot alike . • Consequences : Medicine meant for the stomach goes into the chest . • Prevention : When you have tubes in you , ask the staff to trace every tube back to the point of origin so the right medicine goes to the right place . • Example case : Alicia Coleman 10 . Mistake : Waking up during surgery • Cause : An under-dose of anesthesia . • Consequences : The brain stays awake while the muscles stay frozen . Most patients are n't in any pain but some feel every poke , prod and cut . • Prevention : When you schedule surgery , ask your surgeon if you need to be put asleep or if a local anesthetic might work just as well . • Example case : Erin Cook Do you have a personal story to tell about a medical mistake ? Share it in the comments section below .	Expert : Medical errors kill more than 250,000 people in the United States yearly "  Mistakes are happening every day in every hospital in the country , " says top doctor There are strategies you can use to help doctors and nurses get things right
CNN  -- A second Syrian teenager has been returned to his parents -- lifeless , battered and , according to activists , a victim of torture . A video released Thursday by activists includes a woman wailing as a body is unwrapped at the hospital in Daraa . "  My son , it 's my son , " the voice cries out . "  This scar here , I swear its my son , I stitched this cut on him when he was little . " The boy was identified as Tamer Mohammed al Sharey , 15 , who disappeared after an April 29 demonstration . He was from the same village as Hamza Ali al-Khateeb , 13 . Hamza 's killing has enraged , mobilized and emboldened the country 's opposition movement . Tamer was at the same demonstration Hamza attended , according to activists . Tamer 's body was one of 14 , including those of other children , that arrived at the hospital . In the video , voices curse Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . As several men clean Tamer 's thin frame , a bullet wound beneath the knee is clearly visible . As the camera moves to his head , a voice says , "  look at the signs of torture . " The teen 's face appears dark and discolored . An activist from Daraa told of marks on the boy 's body . He said he believes Tamer was tortured , possibly electrocuted . Children led Tamer 's funeral procession carrying banners reading , "  Tamer the martyred ... detained alive ... martyred after torture . " CNN can not independently verify what happened to Hamza or Tamer , or verify the authenticity of videos allegedly showing their remains . On a video posted on YouTube , the narrator points out multiple visible gunshots wounds to Hamza Ali al-Khateeb 's torso . His head appears bloated and purple , and the voice says the teen 's genitals were mutilated . Family members say Hamza got separated from his father in the chaos during demonstrations around Daraa , when protesters marched on the city to break the Syrian military siege and force the delivery of important supplies , such as medicine and milk for babies . Eyewitnesses at the time said that security forces indiscriminately opened fire on demonstrators . Dozens were killed and wounded , countless others detained , among them children . Several weeks ago , the family received Hamza 's body . Razan Zaitouneh , a prominent activist in hiding in Syria who CNN reached via Skype , said she has no doubt that the YouTube video of Hamza is real . And she believes that the regime had a message in releasing the boy 's body . "  They want the people to see this , they want the people to get scared , " Zaitouneh said . "  They want the people to know that there is no red line and anything , no matter how awful it is , could happen to their family members if they continue to participate in this revolution . " Syrian state TV recently ran a segment in which a person identified as the medical examiner in the case said the body 's injuries were sustained when Hamza was alive , but there was no evidence on the surface of the body that the boy had been subjected to torture , violence or retaliation . Syria TV also said al-Assad met with members of Hamza 's family . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Activists say second Syrian teenager has been tortured and killed Tamer Mohammed al Sharey , 15 , disappeared at a demonstration Tamer was from the same village as Hamza Ali al-Khateeb , 13 CNN can not verify claims or authenticate videos of the teens
CNN  -- Youngster Thibaut Pinot claimed the eighth stage of the Tour de France as Bradley Wiggins retained his overall lead for Team Sky . Pinot , from France , is the Tour 's youngest rider at 22 and held on after hitting the front with 2km to go , despite the overall leaders desperately trying to hunt him down . Though Cadel Evans finished second to FDJ-Bigmat 's Pinot , he was n't able to shave off any of Bradley Wiggin 's lead as the Briton preserved his ten second advantage . The stage was punctuated with another nasty crash as Spain 's Olympic road race champion Samuel Sanchez came off his bike , suffering head and shoulder injuries that might prevent him from competing at London . "  It 's a dream come true , " Pinot told reporters , of his maiden stage win on what is his debut Tour . "  I just did the longest 10km of my life , I 'll never forget it . I was quite scared when I heard the peloton had closed the gap to 50 seconds . "  But a lot of this is down to Jeremy  Roy  . He did a lot of the preparation work for me , I ca n't thank him enough . " After Saturday 's strong performance from Team Sky , which saw Wiggins take the yellow jersey and teammate Chris Froome win the stage , Wiggins survived a late attack on his lead . Evans , riding for the BMC team , and Italian Vincenzo Nibali , of Liquigas , cranked up the pressure in the final stages but Wiggins did enough to record the same time and keep his nose in front . And with Monday presenting the first of two individual time trials in a 41.5 km stage from Arc-et-Senans to Besancon , Wiggins has the chance to put more distance between himself and the chasing pack . But the 32-year-old said : "  There is so much fuss made about them , but there 's been another eight stages before then . You do n't win the Tour on time trials alone . "  It 's the race of truth , so you 've got to have the legs ultimately . Anything 's possible tomorrow . I try not to think too negatively , and just concentrate on my own race . "	Young Frenchman Thibaut Pinot claims the eighth stage of the Tour de France Britain 's Bradley Wiggins holds off a late attack from his rivals to keep yellow jersey Wiggins is ten seconds in front of his nearest challenger Australian Cadel Evans
CNN  -- Capt. Chesley Sullenberger , the hero pilot who safely landed a full passenger jet in the Hudson River , was once again honored with cheers and applause Tuesday during a ceremony for him hosted by the governor of his home state . Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger gives hero pilot Chesley Sullenberger a flag and license plate . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , first lady Maria Shriver and other dignitaries greeted Sullenberger at the state Capitol rotunda in Sacramento . Taking a break from difficult negotiations over a troubled state budget , the governor presented Sullenberger with a jacket with the state seal , a California state flag that had flown over the state Capitol , a proclamation and a "  California Hero " license plate . "  Today is a very important day , " Schwarzenegger said . "  There are legislators upstairs that are negotiating and working on a budget -- -LSB- we -RSB- need a great hero in a state capitol . " The Sullenberger family lives in Danville , California . Sullenberger 's response was understated -- as it has been at other ceremonies , including a New York City Hall event when he was given the key to the city by Mayor Michael Bloomberg . "  On behalf of the other four crew members of Flight 1549 and also on behalf of the many thousands of aviation professionals whose daily devotion to duty keeps air travel safe , I gratefully accept this recognition , " he said . Sullenberger and his crew safely landed the damaged airplane , believed to have hit a flock of birds , in the Hudson on January 15 . All 155 passengers aboard the US Airways flight survived . CNN 's Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	California governor honors U.S. Airways pilot Capt. Chesley Sullenberger Schwarzenegger : "  We need a great hero " in state legislature like Sullenberger Sullenberger safely landed flight 1549 in the Hudson River in New York Sullenberger accepts recognition on behalf of crew members , others
Folk singer Richie Havens , who died Monday at 72 , was the opening act in 1969 at Woodstock , the historic counterculture music festival , catapulting him to fame and securing his status as an icon of the baby-boomer generation . Havens would tour widely for the next 40 years and release more than 20 albums . On the 40th anniversary of the Woodstock festival , Havens wrote this reflection for CNN.com in 2009 . Forty years ago this summer I wound up opening the Woodstock festival when the four acts scheduled before me were stuck in massive traffic jams and delayed in getting to the concert site in Bethel , New York . My band had made it up from Manhattan in the early morning hours , and we had the least amount of gear to set up , so after some strong convincing from the promoters I agreed to go on . The show was late in starting , and they were feeling pressure to start the music . We played for nearly three hours as they were still building the stage around me . I sang every song I knew , and when they asked me to go back on one more time , I improvised "  Freedom . " When you see me in the movie tuning my guitar and strumming , I was actually trying to figure out what else I could possibly play ! I looked out at all of those faces in front of me and the word "  freedom " came to mind . One of my strongest memories of that day is flying in the helicopter over that vast , spectacular crowd that had already stretched back over the hills and well out of view of the stage . Looking down , my only thought was , "  This is incredible . ... We 're really here and they ca n't hide us anymore . " I 've been asked all summer long if I believe Woodstock is still significant and if I think another Woodstock is ever likely to happen . Well , certainly large three-day festivals are still happening all over : Coachella and Bonnaroo in the United States , the Isle of Wight and Glastonbury abroad , but the reality of what made Woodstock become such a historic event has definitely changed . Woodstock happened in August 1969 , long before the Internet and mobile phones made it possible to communicate instantly with anyone , anywhere . It was a time when we were n't able to witness world events or the horrors of war live on 24-hour news channels . News coverage was filtered and selective , and we felt manipulated and silenced by the lack of information . So much was happening around us , and we did n't feel like we were being told the truth . With everything that was going on in the late 1960s -- the war in Vietnam , civil and human rights issues , the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's assassination -- we rallied and relied on strength in numbers . We came together communally to be heard and to be acknowledged . Though it 's frequently portrayed as this crazy , unbridled festival of rain-soaked , stoned hippies dancing in the mud , Woodstock was obviously much more than that -- or we would n't still be talking about it in 2009 . People of all ages and colors came together in the fields of Max Yasgur 's farm . Some traveled for days or weeks to get there . The world was quickly changing , and none of us was willing to sit and just watch it go by . We needed to feel like part of the change and that spontaneous coming together felt like the world 's biggest family reunion ! When Wavy Gravy said , "  What we have in mind is breakfast in bed for 400,000 , " that 's what it felt like : hundreds of thousands of friends and loved ones taking care of one another . Woodstock was both a peaceful protest and a global celebration .	Richie Havens , who came to wide fame as the opening act at Woodstock , died Monday He wrote a recollection of the festival for CNN.com on its 40th anniversary in 2009 Havens said he took the stage to perform his iconic set when other acts were delayed Havens : In a pre-digital age , Woodstock was a peaceful protest and global celebration
Just when you thought you might enjoy a week without any news of Justin Bieber annoying the world , along comes evidence that the most beloved/disliked self-involved teenager on the planet has broken one of the most sacred unspoken rules of travel -- do n't use your bodyguards to carry you up the Great Wall of China . More : Doh ! 20 biggest travel mistakes Photos of the seemingly able-bodied Canadian pop star hoisted on the shoulders of his minions at the iconic site were posted on the Twitter page of BelieveTourUpdates , which has been following the singer on his current world tour . "  Justin being carried by his bodyguards up the Great Wall of China today in Beijing , China  September 30th , 2013  , " reads the caption of one of multiple photos of Bieber at the Wall . Even less shocking than the Biebs ' fanatical devotion to privileged behavior , the Internet nearly imploded under the weight of all the mockery and rage calling out the diva antics . Commenters include fed-up Canadians begging the United States to adopt Bieber as one of their own . More : How to find a great escape in the Great Wall Netizens in the country where the scene of the alleged travel offense occurred were n't shy about expressing their thoughts either . On Weibo , China 's microblogging site , a Phoenix TV presenter posted : "  The way this ` xiao pi hai ' Justin Bieber hits the Great Wall is really extravagant . " "  Xiao pi hai " is a word used to describe Chinese toddlers who wear toilet-training-friendly pants that expose their bare behinds . More : Bieber hopes Anne Frank ` would have been a belieber ' These days , it 's a popular phrase used to describe someone who 's immature . "  It 's impressive that he can sit there without a guilty conscience , " Weibo user Project V commented . "  Seriously ? Justin Bieber is so weak that he needs two guards to carry him on the Great Wall ? " posted Taiwanese website Nownews , hopping aboard the Bieber hate-train . "  Is n't climbing the Great Wall all about experiencing the breathtaking process during the hike ? " More : Germany asks Bieber to pay costs of caring for his monkey The 19-year-old star performed in Beijing on September 29 . Next up on the Bieber world tour : stops in Dalian , China  October 2  , followed by performances in Shanghai  October 5  and Tokyo  October 7  . Now , if the ambulatorily challenged , faux Canadian  someone have Donald Trump check this guy 's birth certificate  gets someone to haul him up Tokyo 's SkyTree , we 'll be impressed . At least with the person doing the heavy lifting . More : Insider guide to Tokyo 's SkyTree	Photos showing Justin Bieber on shoulders of bodyguards at Great Wall of China invoke mockery around globe Chinese TV compares Bieber to a toddler wearing open-backed toilet-training pants The singer performed in Beijing on September 29 as part of his world tour
London  CNN  -- It is 6am and Sue Biggs is surveying the preparations for the 100th anniversary of the Chelsea Flower Show . A team of 800 people has spent three weeks converting 11 acres of playing fields into the world 's most prestigious horticulture show , as famous for attracting royalty and celebrities as garden enthusiasts . Over five days each May , 157,000 visitors troop into the Royal Hospital Chelsea in west London to see 550 exhibitors displaying magnificent show gardens , new plants and new trends in gardening . Watch : Royal visit to flower show After 30 years in the travel industry , Biggs became director general of the Royal Horticultural Society -- the charity behind Chelsea Flower Show -- in 2010 , and has already attracted a record number of members to the organization . "  I was here at 6 o'clock this morning and the excitement is fantastic , " says Biggs . "  There 's something very magical about Chelsea . If you love gardening , as I have since I was seven years old , Chelsea is the absolute pinnacle . I have to pinch myself that I 'm seeing it take shape . "  This has been going on for 100 years , you are very aware of the heritage , the past that 's gone before and the great people who have walked this showground , whether royalty , celebrities or great gardeners . "  Whether you love the tiny detail of a plant or the great vistas of an elaborate garden , there 's always something you 'll find eye-wateringly beautiful . " Chelsea Flower Show takes between 15 and 18 months to prepare , so even as the final touches are being added to this year , a team is well into planning for the 2014 show . Extravagant displays at Chelsea in the past two years have included an 80ft "  Magical Tower Garden " and a "  Sky Garden " with a suspended "  flying boat " , both by the Irish garden designer and television personality Diarmuid Gavin . This year Gavin is not exhibiting , and Biggs says the focus is more on plantmanship , although she has promised at least one surprise . Biggs , 57 , began gardening at the age of seven when her mother gave her a packet of seeds and her own piece of garden for her birthday . "  I was smitten the minute the seeds came into flower , " she says . "  It takes you into another world , an oasis , it 's a great wind-down for me . " However , she was not trained in horticulture and had never worked in the industry until three years ago . Instead , Biggs went into the travel industry where she worked for 25 years for the upmarket operator Kuoni , rising to become managing director . In 1999 , when she joined the board of Kuoni , she became the youngest ever director , the first female director and the first non-Swiss director . "  I went to Zurich for a celebratory weekend with the board , and they presented me with a card saying ` Congratulations Sue , finally we have someone to iron our shirts ' . They 'd be shot for that now , but at the time I found it funny . " Biggs , a longtime member of the Royal Horticultural Society , became its director general in 2010 after her husband spotted an advertisement in a Sunday newspaper and suggested a change of career . "  I laughed at him at first , but he said ` you love gardening , you 'd love it , ' she says . "  I decided to apply and by some miracle they chose me . " Biggs has worked on ridding the 209-year-old society of its exclusive image , promoting its charity work and has pushed membership numbers over 400,000 for the first time . "  It was never intentional , but it was seen as a gardening club for posh people . We have tried to be much more open and engage people . It 's helped us to achieve a record number of members , " she says . She has overseen the sale of one of the society 's properties in London and used the money to invest in charity work , from promoting horticulture as a career option and funding plant research to opening an urban garden . "  It 's one of my frustrations that people do n't know the RHS is a charity , " she says . "  We need to make people aware of the scientific research , the work in schools , prisons and communities that we do . All of that work is funded by the success of shows like Chelsea . " Back at Chelsea , Biggs is preparing for another busy day from media interviews to overseeing the start of planting once all the structures , from pavilions and marquees to rocks , boulders and hedges are in place . She is wary of treading a fine line between tradition and innovation . "  Chelsea is the most successful flower show in the world , but it needs to always have something to surprise and delight people . " Chelsea Flower Show runs from May 21-25 at the Royal Hospital Chelsea , London .	Sue Biggs became head of Royal Horticultural Society in 2010 She has tried to change the image from "  gardening club for posh people " to promote the society 's charity work Chelsea Flower Show celebrates its 100th anniversary this year
CNN  -- The jury in the trial of former Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards is deliberating six counts stemming from allegations that he accepted illegal campaign contributions , falsified documents and conspired to receive and conceal the contributions . The maximum sentence if convicted on all six counts would be 30 years in prison and a $ 1.5 million fine . Here is a breakdown of the charges against Edwards : Opinion : Are men stupid ? Count 1 : Conspiracy  maximum 5-year sentence Edwards , a former U.S. senator from North Carolina , is accused of conspiring to receive and conceal contributions in excess of the allowed limits from Rachel "  Bunny " Mellon and Fred Baron , a now-deceased Texas lawyer who was Edwards ' finance chairman . Under the Federal Election Campaign Act , the most an individual could contribute to any candidate in 2008 was $ 2,300 in the primary election and $ 2,300 in the general election . Prosecutors argued that Edwards , while a candidate for federal office , accepted $ 725,000 from Mellon and more than $ 200,000 from Baron . Counts 2-5 reflect that accusation . Count 2 : Illegal campaign contributions  maximum 5-year sentence Edwards is accused of receiving contributions from Mellon in excess of federal limits in 2007 . Count 3 : Illegal campaign contributions  maximum 5-year sentence Edwards is accused of receiving contributions from Mellon in excess of of federal limits in 2008 . Count 4 : Illegal campaign contributions  maximum 5-year sentence Edwards is accused of receiving contributions from Baron in excess of federal limits in 2007 . Count 5 : Illegal campaign contributions  maximum 5-year sentence Edwards is accused of receiving contributions from Baron in excess of of federal limits in 2008 . Count 6 : False statements  maximum 5-year sentence Edwards is accused of hiding from his presidential committee the hundreds of thousands of dollars in contributions from Mellon and Baron , causing that committee to create and submit inaccurate campaign finance reports to the Federal Election Commission .	A jury in Greensboro , North Carolina , is deliberating six counts against Edwards Allegations are that he accepted illegal contributions and falsified documents Also prosecutors contend that he conspired to receive and conceal the contributions Edwards is a former U.S. senator from North Carolina and former presidential candidate
CNN  -- Is the English Premier League -- often dubbed the "  best football league in the world " -- about to make its financial clout count in Europe 's biggest club competition ? Spain might have dominated last season 's Champions League , with Real Madrid and Atletico contesting the final , but La Liga should brace itself for an English armada , according to a leading financial expert . According to the 23rd Annual Review of Football finance from sports business group Deloitte , Premier League clubs ' revenue reached a record $ 4.19 billion in the 2012-13 season . And with the Premier League 's $ 9.4 billion , three-year television deal -- $ 5.7 billion for domestic rights , the rest for overseas -- having started in 2013-14 , English clubs could be set for a huge financial advantage over their continental rivals . "  The new TV deal puts those Premier League teams qualifying for the Champions League in a good position because they 'll be generating a lot more revenue than their European opponents , " Deloitte senior consultant Adam Bull told CNN . "  For Premier League clubs , the increase we 've seen this year and one we 'll definitely see next year because of the television deal , gives them a real opportunity to challenge even with the new UEFA Financial Fair Play regulations , " added Bull , referring to the rules imposed by Europe 's governing body to ensure clubs live within their means . Since 2000 , Spanish clubs have won the Champions League six times , twice the number managed by English teams in that time . "  English teams will be generating more revenue than anyone else and while the likes of Barcelona and Real Madrid can negotiate their television rights , the Premier League sides will be very competitive , " Bull said . But it 's not all good news for the 20 Premier League clubs -- over 75 % of their revenue increase in 2012-13 was spent on wages . The report shows that total wages rose by 8 % to # 1.8 billion  $ 3 billion  and resulted in the overall Premier League clubs ' wages-to-revenue ratio reaching a record high of 71 % . The ratio was just 44 % for the Premier League 's first season in 1991-1992 . So with revenue going into players ' pockets almost as soon as it arrives at the banks of English top-flight teams , aggregate operating profit fell by # 2 million to # 82 million  $ 137 million  -- an operating margin of just 3 % of revenue . However , 13 Premier League clubs made an operating profit in 2012-13 compared with just 10 in the previous year . "  The pattern in spending on wages following previous increases in broadcast deals , suggests it 's likely around 60 % or more of the revenue increase in 2013-14 will flow through to wages , " added Bull . "  On that basis , we would expect Premier League total wage costs to reach a new record level of around # 2.2 billion  $ 3.68 billion  . "  However , given the forecast increase in revenue , this would also return the wages-to-revenue ratio below 70 % for the first time since 2009-10 . " While the total European football market grew to a record $ 28.65 billion in 2012-13 , the Premier League led the way once again . According to Deloitte , a 21 % growth in commercial income enabled Premier League club revenue to top $ 4.19 billion for the first time . The success of the Premier League means its rivals have been left behind with Germany  $ 2.85 billion  , Spain  $ 2.68 billion  , Italy  $ 2.34 billion  and France  $ 1.84 billion  trailing in its wake . "  Once again the global appeal of the Premier League has continued to drive commercial revenue growth , particularly at the highest ranked Premier League clubs , " said Deloitte 's Dan Jones . "  Matchday revenue also increased by 6 % with fewer unsold seats at Premier League games than ever before . " And that lucrative television deal will only serve to swell the coffers of EPL clubs next season . "  We estimate that Premier League clubs ' revenue will have increased by almost 30 % to # 3.2 billion  $ 5.4 billion  in 2013-14 , " Jones added . "  This growth will be driven by the revenue from the first season of the Premier League 's new broadcast deals and further commercial revenue growth at the biggest clubs . " In total , Premier League revenue grew by $ 276 million , some 7 % , with Manchester City , Manchester United and Liverpool responsible for 60 % of the growth . "  Four of the big five leagues have maintained or reduced revenue-to-wages ratio and have shown a greater sense of cost control , " said Bull . "  In Spain , the ratio is the lowest it has been since 2000 and is indicative of what we 're beginning to see in Europe . "  It 's different in the Premier League because of the upcoming television deal and so clubs are spending more as they know the money is coming in . " In 2012-13 , the cumulative revenue of the "  big five " European Leagues grew 5 % to $ 13.3 million , representing half of the overall size of the European football market of $ 27.1 billion  up 2 %  . While the Premier League tops the revenue table , it comes second to the Bundesliga in terms of profitability . The 18-team German league , won by Bayern Munich , made operating profits of $ 379 million compared to the EPL 's $ 137 million . Bayern and Borussia Dortmund combined represented over 80 % of the league 's $ 199 million revenue increase . The Bundesliga is the only top-five league where broadcast deals are not the largest source of revenue , with German clubs retaining the strictest cost control with a wages-to-revenue ratio of 51 % . In Spain , commercial and matchday revenues both decreased during the 2012-13 season , while new television deals drove the league 's $ 105 million  4 %  revenue increase . In Italy , broadcast income continues to dominate , contributing $ 1.36 billion  59 %  to the total of clubs ' revenues . While the total league revenue was up 6 % to $ 132 millon , the 20 Serie A teams also showed how they are cutting costs , recording operating loss reductions of $ 146 million . In France , Qatari-backed Paris Saint-Germain accounted for all of the league 's revenue growth for the second successive year .	Over 75 % of the Premier League clubs ' revenue increase in 2012-13 was spent on wages Total European football market grew to a record $ 28.65 billion English Premier League clubs generated the highest revenue Germany 's Bundesliga was Europe 's most profitable league
CNN  -- The largest submarine hunt in Swedish waters since the end of the Cold War . A near collision between a Russian military plane and a Swedish passenger aircraft carrying 132 people . And the abduction of an Estonian official from the territory of the NATO member , only days after U.S. President Barack Obama visited the Baltic nation . Any of these three incidents could have led to direct military confrontation between Russia and the West , a new report suggests -- and they have all taken place within the past nine months . The incidents are outlined in "  Dangerous Brinkmanship , " an analysis that lists more than 40 "  close military encounters between Russia and the West " that took place in the eight months from March to October of this year . The report , by the European Leadership Network , classifies the submarine search , airline near collision and Estonian abduction as "  high-risk incidents . " It categorizes 11 other events as "  serious " and suggests they could have escalated . Most of them involve Russian aircraft threatening NATO or its allies . Russia plans long-range bomber flights near U.S. shores They include what appears to have been a mock attack on the Danish island of Bornholm , as well as Russian aircraft making passes at a U.S. Navy warship and a Canadian frigate , and several different incidents between Russian and Swedish planes . The dramatic events are an expression of Russian President Vladimir "  Putin 's policy to claim  Russia 's  proper place in the international system , " to force the West "  to accept the fundamental change of the international order , " said Russia expert Igor Sutyagin . "  Putin is trying to intimidate the West back to friendship with Russia , " said Sutyagin , a senior research fellow at the Royal United Services Institute . The London-based think tank focuses on defense and security . "  Putin openly said that Russia is a bear and a bear never asks anybody 's permission to act as it wishes , " Sutyagin said . The Russian Ministry of Defense , Russian Air Force , and Putin 's spokesman all declined to respond to multiple CNN requests for response to the European Leadership Network report . Russian officials downplayed or dismissed many of the individual incidents at the time they were first reported . But NATO itself said at the end of October it had already conducted three times more intercepts of Russian planes in European airspace in 2014 than in all of 2013 . There were four intercepts of groups of Russian aircraft in the last few days of October alone , NATO said . The European Leadership Network dates the upsurge in Russian activity to the conflict in Ukraine and Russia 's annexation of Crimea . That prompted NATO to "  increase its military presence along its Eastern flank , " including more air policing , more reconnaissance flights , more ships in the Baltic Sea and Black Sea , and more military exercises in the region , the report said -- all of which put the two sides in greater contact than before . The report speculates that Russia is testing and observing NATO and national defense systems and seeking propaganda victories by using force , or the threat of it , against its neighbors . The West 's response will have repercussions far beyond Russia , RUSI 's Sutyagin warned . "  It 's not a matter of 26 combat planes flying somewhere , " he said . "  There are many other people around the globe who would love to follow Putin 's example . "  That is a very important wake-up call for American society , for European societies : It 's necessary to defend your ideals , your prosperity , your wealth , " he said . "  Dangerous Brinkmanship " is based on media reports and statements from the Pentagon and NATO . CNN covered many of the incidents in the report , and is cited as the source for at least one of them . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko in Moscow contributed to this report	NEW : The West 's response to Russia will have repercussions beyond the crisis , expert warns Russian incursions into NATO airspace are already at three times the level of last year Sweden mobilized a naval hunt for a suspected Russian sub in its waters Both sides have increased their military posture since the Ukraine crisis
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Some private security guards hired to protect the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan say their contractor has allowed widespread mistreatment , sexual activity and intimidation within their ranks , according to the watchdog group Project On Government Oversight  POGO  . A spokeswoman for watchdog group POGO said hazing at a camp for security guards went "  well beyond partying . " The group sent a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Tuesday , and briefed reporters on its findings , which it said are based on e-mails and interviews with more than a dozen guards who have worked at the U.S. compound in Kabul . The company -- ArmorGroup , North America -- has a security contract with the State Department to provide services through July 2010 , and has been cited several times for shortcomings in the security required by the contract . A U.S. Senate panel two months ago was critical of the State Department for not closely supervising ArmorGroup , after a series of warning letters from the State Department in the year leading up to the panel 's inquiry . When CNN contacted Wackenhut , the corporate parent of ArmorGroup , a spokesperson there said the company would have a response Wednesday . The U.S. Embassy said Wednesday it was taking the allegations very seriously . "  Nothing is more important to us than the safety and security of all Embassy personnel -- Americans and Afghan -- and respect for the cultural and religious values of all Afghans , " it said in a statement . "  We have taken immediate steps to review all local guard force policies and procedures and have taken all possible measures to ensure our security is sound . " Should initiation rituals such as hazing be allowed ? Sound off below POGO says two weeks ago it began receiving whistleblower-style e-mails , some with graphic images and videos , that are said to document problems taking place at a non-military camp for the guards near the U.S. diplomatic compound in Kabul . "  This is well beyond partying , " said Danielle Brian , POGO 's executive director , after showing a video of a man with a bare backside , and another man apparently drinking a liquid that had been poured down the man 's lower back . She told CNN that ranking supervisors were "  facilitating this kind of deviant hazing and humiliation , and requiring people to do things that made them feel really disgusted . " Watch claims that alleged hazing at the U.S. Embassy pose a threat to security " "  This is not Abu Ghraib , " she said , referring to images and videos of abuse by U.S. military troops against prisoners held at a facility in Iraq . "  We 're not talking about torture , " she continued , "  we are talking about humiliation , " by supervisors causing a breakdown of morale , and a "  total breakdown in the chain-of-command . " In the letter POGO sent to Clinton , Brian wrote that the problems are "  posing a significant threat to the security of the Embassy and its personnel . " Among the recommendations from the group : immediate military supervision of the private security guards , a review of whether the contract should be revoked , and consideration as to whether government forces should replace private security in a combat zone .	Watchdog : Contractor providing security guards allowed "  deviant hazing , humiliation " Video showed naked man , another man apparently drinking liquid poured down back Watchdog warns Sec . of State Clinton of security threat posed by behavior ArmorGroup , North America has contract until July 2010
CNN  -- In yet another sign of the gravity of Chicago 's violent crime problem , 40 Illinois State Police officers will soon hit the streets in beleaguered neighborhoods . The officers represent an expansion of a partnership between Chicago Police and the Illinois State Police . "  Earlier this year I told  Chicago  Mayor  Rahm  Emanuel we would help in any way we could to combat violence in the city . When he requested assistance , I immediately agreed to help , " Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn said in a press release announcing the move . The 40 officers will join the Chicago Police Department 's Fugitive Unit and help search for wanted criminals . "  I 'm proud to bring so many partners together to focus on real solutions that will help ensure every child in every neighborhood has the safety and opportunities they deserve , " Emanuel said in a press release . The additional officers are expected to be added in the next 30 days . Chicago is suffering through an awful summer of violent shootings . Over the Fourth of July weekend alone more than 60 people were shot and nine were killed . The state police and Chicago Police will form "  surge " teams with five Chicago Police officers and two state troopers , according to the press release from Quinn 's office . The teams will work to find known violent criminals in an effort to get them off of the streets of Chicago . The expanded partnership will be funded with current state police resources . And at the city level , steps have been taken to get more boots on the ground . Last week , Chicago Police Superintendent Garry F. McCarthy ordered 150 officers to be taken off of administrative jobs and added to street patrol , Monday through Thursday , CNN affiliate WLS reported . In addition to heightened police forces , the city is also taking a softer approach to quell crime . A local supermarket chain will provide food for Faith in Action community events . These events , hosted by community and faith groups , take place in neighborhoods most impacted by violence . After Faith in Action events were held over Memorial Day , there were no shootings in Chicago for 42 hours , according to a statement from the mayor 's office . "  I am very pleased that Mayor Emanuel has committed to a community process to address our public safety challenges , " said the Rev. Dr. L. Bernard Jakes of the West Point Missionary Baptist Church in Chicago . "  He is listening and responding . " Man featured in CNN 's ` Chicagoland ' series injured in drive-by shooting 3-year-old critically wounded in Chicago shooting 47 shot , 5 dead , Chicago officials meet	Dozens of Illinois State Police to be sent to Chicago to combat gun violence Troopers to form "  surge " teams with Chicago police The 40 officers are expected to be added in the next 30 days
CNN  -- A sex tape allegedly showing former Sen. John Edwards survived a fire that torched a North Carolina courthouse on Thursday . Actually , the tape that was the subject of a February court hearing at the historic Chatham County Courthouse was not at the courthouse during the blaze , city officials said . The tape , said to show Edwards and his former mistress Rielle Hunter , had been moved to another facility , said Debora Henzey , community relations director for Chatham County . Seven fire departments responded to the blaze at the courthouse in downtown Pittsboro about 4:45 p.m. Thursday . It took firefighters hours to quell the blaze , which severely damaged the courthouse . In February , the courthouse was the scene of the legal battle over the sex tape , with Hunter suing for its return . At the hearing , Judge Abraham Penn Jones found former Edwards aide Andrew Young and his wife , Cheri , in civil contempt of court and ordered them to hand over the tape to the court . In court documents , the Youngs had said that the video showed "  Senator Edwards engaged in sexual activities with a woman who , from all indications , is not his wife and who the Youngs believe to be Ms. Hunter , based upon her appearance . " In January , Edwards admitted that he had fathered a child with Hunter , a videographer who worked on his 2008 presidential campaign . Edwards had publicly denied paternity for more than a year . About a week after his admission , he confirmed reports that he had legally separated from his wife , Elizabeth . Those announcements came just before Andrew Young released an embarrassing book about the Edwardses and his campaign . CNN 's Jessica Jordan contributed to this report .	Tape was the subject of a February hearing at the Chatham County Courthouse Chatham County Courthouse in North Carolina burned on Thursday The tape , which allegedly shows John Edwards and Rielle Hunter , had been moved
Washington  CNN  -- Taj Magruder has never voted for Hillary Clinton . He has no connection to her paid staff . And he is not collecting a paycheck from a cadre of groups anticipating a Clinton presidential run in 2016 . All of this bothers him . Magruder , a 23-year-old "  Clinton-ologist " from Pennsylvania , devotes much of his online life to supporting , defending and responding to her every move . In what he calls his "  own little war room " -- his computer and Twitter account -- the Pennsylvania state Senate employee has carved out a space as one of Clinton 's most ardent unpaid supporters . "  I have yet to vote for Hillary , " said Magruder , who was too young to cast a ballot the last time she was on one . "  I am really looking forward to fixing that in the coming years . " Magruder is an unsalaried Clinton warrior . And he is n't alone . All over the Internet , bloggers and their circles of friends with no backing from the Clinton orbit defend the former first lady from attacks . While their defenses do n't have the weight of a Clinton spokesperson or a former top aide , they are influential in their small community of friends and family . And they are standing up for the person they hope becomes the next President . "  I am very , very passionate obviously about Hillary , " Magruder said , if that was n't already clear . "  I just want to make sure that Hillary has , if she does run , a kind of presence on social media that she has n't always had . " Magruder is dogged and devout . He regularly tussles with reporters . "  I do n't know if Maggie Haberman still hates me or not , " he said referring to a Politico reporter he sparred with over a story . And he touts Clinton 's many appearances . "  She was so good last night , " he tweeted after Clinton 's sit-down on the Colbert Report . Why does he do this ? "  When I see a story that is like , ` yuck , ' I feel like I should just stick up for my girl , " he said with a laugh . Since May 2012 , Magruder has tweeted nearly 30,000 times . Most of them -- especially recently -- have been about Clinton . And while he only has 780 followers , many of those include reporters following Clinton and representatives from the groups looking to help her if she runs again . Clinton 's unpaid army does far more than tweet . Some , like Still 4 Hill , have devoted years to blogging about her every move . Since 2008 , Still 4 Hill -- who keeps her identity private because of her paid employment -- has kept detailed records of Clinton 's comings and goings , including nearly every speech she delivered as secretary of state . The process , is admittedly , consuming . "  You have to find ways to squeeze it in , " she said . "  I cheat a little bit  and blog  during a lunch hour or something like that . But most of the time I do it at night . " Still 4 Hill started her blog after Clinton ended her presidential campaign in 2008 . She began to write about Clinton 's events at the State Department and once Clinton stepped down as America 's top diplomat in 2013 , Still 4 Hill began writing about Clinton on the paid speaking circuit . "  I see it as documentation , " Still 4 Hill said about her blog . "  I want to be able to go back and look at this speech or look at that speech . " Amid all the glow for Clinton , there is also pushback against her critics . When the Washington Post 's conservative blogger Jennifer Rubin wrote a lengthy critique of Clinton 's time at State , Still 4 Hill responded to what she called "  repetitive and tiresome ... empty bloviating " from Rubin . There is more to the online response , though : People like Magruder and Still 4 Hill have received a little notoriety for their persistence . Ask people within the Clinton universe about Magruder and they laugh about his exuberance . Though he was never paid , Ready for Hillary sent the Clinton devotee to a finance meeting earlier this year to act as an example of a "  grassroots supporter . " Still 4 Hill 's blog receives upwards of 10,000 hits a week . As of late -- given Clinton 's book tour and regular appearances -- the blog can gets as many as of 2,500 clicks a day . And when Still 4 Hill met Clinton at a New Jersey book singing this year , she was sure to mention her blog . According to blogger , Clinton responded , "  Still 4 Hill ! I love it . Yeah , I love it . " There is a downside to all of this , too . Both Magruder and Still 4 Hill are building a online record of their thoughts and feelings about Clinton and that record -- at some point -- could come back to haunt them . What 's more , in the anything goes nature of a campaign , comments made by Clinton followers and fans can blow up into bigger stories . What happens when those fans have years of logs and comments that opposition groups could cull ? "  To the extent that the actors join Hillary 's campaign or official groups that support Hillary 's campaign , their views and statements online become relevant , " Tim Miller , executive director of America Rising , an anti-Clinton super PAC , told CNN . Still 4 Hill 's post-2008 actions seemed to recognize this . Shortly after Clinton conceded defeat to Barack Obama after a bitter primary battle , the blog took a negative , sometimes anti-Obama turn , Still 4 Hill told CNN . After giving it some thought -- and after Clinton patched up her relationship with him -- the blogger decided to delete some of those posts . "  I am reading her book now and when I read the first chapter it was like tearing a scab off a wound of something , " Still 4 Hill said , capturing how she is still hurt over that campaign . "  That primary season was so brutal . ... I removed a lot of the pages from June 2008 to the general election campaign . " But Clinton 's previous run might not be her last . So what if she runs again , how much work are these devotees willing to commit ? And is all of their Internet devotion an audition for something bigger ? "  I would love it if a role is available for me . If there is one , I would love it , " Magruder said . "  But whether or not I get an official role wo n't stop me from doing work on social media . "	Clinton followers devote online presence to supporting and defending Hillary Clinton Many have jobs , but they use downtime to tussle with reporters and tout Hillary "  I feel like I should just stick up for my girl , " said a "  Clinton-ologist " Anti-Clinton groups say if these people go to work for Clinton , their comments are fair game
CNN  -- Two anti-whaling activists who were seized by a Japanese whaling vessel two days ago have been handed over to Australian government officials on a ship in the Antarctic , Japan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced Thursday . Australian citizen Benjamin Potts and British citizen Giles Lane , both members of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society , jumped on board the Yushin Maru No. 2 Tuesday to deliver a letter saying the vessel was violating international law and Australian law by killing whales . The anti-whaling group accused the crew of the Japanese vessel of kidnapping the men based on a video that showed Potts and Lane tied to the ship 's railing . In the video , Japanese fishermen pace back and forth in front of them . Australian Foreign Minister Stephen Smith Wednesday did not answer questions about whether the men would be charged for their actions , stressing instead that the immediate priority was to retrieve them . "  I 'm not going to give a running commentary on who 's done what to whom and the various allegations and counter allegation , " he said . Smith said the Japanese government -- which formally approached Australia to assist in the transfer -- did not lay out any conditions for the transfer , in which the men were brought on board the Australian ship , the Oceanic Viking . Watch the anti-whaling activists board the Japanese vessel " Capt. Paul Watson , founder of Sea Shepherd , had said earlier that the men were seized by the Japanese crew and assaulted . Watch Watson describe the incident " Sea Shepherd claims Japan 's Institute for Cetacean Research , which is backing the operations , had said it would release the two activists if Sea Shepherd agrees to stop interfering in its whaling operations . The group says it will not agree to that demand . The Japanese Fisheries Agency said Thursday it would readily hand over the two men . But the agency charged that the Sea Shepherd members were the terrorists . At a news conference earlier , the agency released pictures of broken bottles they claim group members threw at the ship . They also released a photo of the two activists relaxing and drinking tea aboard the Yushin Maru . "  For some time , for 10 , 15 minutes , I understand , they were tied to a GPS mast , " Tomohiko Taniguchi of Japan 's Foreign Ministry told CNN . "  The Japanese crew members feared that two crew members from Sea Shepherd might do something violent . " He said Potts and Lane boarded the vessel without permission . Watson said the two boarded only after attempts to contact the ship by radio were unsuccessful . Japan has been hunting whales in the Antarctic and apparently plans to kill as many as 1,000 this winter . The killings are allowed under international law because their main purpose is scientific . "  We regard them as poachers , " Watson said . E-mail to a friend CNN Correspondent Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Two anti-whaling activists handed over to Australian government officials Japan contacting Australia to help secure release of activists , reports say Sea Shepherd Conservation Society says ship 's crew kidnapped 2 of its members The activists boarded the Japanese whaling vessel to deliver a letter
CNN  -- An explosive century from birthday boy Ross Taylor helped New Zealand crush Pakistan by 110 runs and go top of their group at the Cricket World Cup . Taylor hit an unbeaten 131 off just 124 balls as the Kiwis smashed an incredible 100 runs off the final five overs of their innings . New Zealand looked set to post a modest total as they labored to 164-4 with ten overs remaining but fireworks from Taylor -- who hit seven sixes -- and Jacob Oram saw them amass 138 more runs . Finishing on 302-7 off their 50 overs the Kiwis shell shocked Pakistan , who contributed to their own downfall with sloppy fielding and poor bowling . Pakistan then slumped to 23-4 in their reply and only a partnership of 66 between Abdul Razzaq  62  and Umar Gul  34 not out  added a modicum of respectability to their total of 192 . The only negative for New Zealand was an injury to their captain Daniel Vettori who limped off after diving to stop a ball in the field . Martin Guptill got New Zealand off to a brisk start as he compiled 57 runs but it was Taylor who held the innings together . Brendon McCullum , Jamie How and James Franklin went for low totals but Scott Styris steadied the ship with 28 runs . At 164-4 though , New Zealand were looking as if they would post a below-par total . Taylor was dropped twice early in his innings , with wicketkeeper Kamran Akmal at fault , but he made the most of his reprieve with some devastating hitting , taking 24 runs off a Shoaib Akhtar over and 30 off one from Abdul Razzaq . Jacob Oram also chipped in with three sixes as New Zealand transformed their innings and finished with 302 . Tim Southee then took three wickets as Pakistan faltered in their reply with Styris , Kyle Mills and Nathan McCullum also taking two wickets apiece . New Zealand are now top of Group A , replacing Pakistan . Elsewhere , England were dealt another injury blow after bowler Stuart Broad was ruled out of the World Cup . Broad is suffering from a side strain picked up in the win over South Africa and will return to England soon . His injury comes just two days after batsman Kevin Pietersen was forced to pull out of the tournament with a hernia . His replacement , Eoin Morgan , joined up with the England squad on Tuesday .	New Zealand beat Pakistan by 110 runs at the Cricket World Cup Ross Taylor smashes a superb unbeaten 131 as Kiwis make 302-7 New Zealand smash 100 off final five overs before Pakistan slump to 192 all out England fast bowler Stuart Broad ruled out of World Cup with a side strain
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan was released from home confinement at 10:20 a.m. Wednesday , 35 days after she began serving her sentence for misdemeanor theft and probation violation , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County sheriff said Wednesday . The electronic monitoring bracelet was removed from Lohan 's ankle about 40 minutes before she was officially freed , spokesman Steve Whitmore said . The actress was sentenced last month to 120 days in jail after she entered a guilty plea to stealing a necklace from a jewelry store in January . The judge had earlier sentenced her to the same jail term for violating her probation by being arrested in the theft case . The four months in jail translated into five weeks in home confinement because of jail overcrowding and state rules that allow for credit for good behavior for prisoners , Whitmore said . "  I am not happy about house arrest , " Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Saunter said during a hearing last week . "  It was not my sentence . " Lohan must now resume work on the 480 hours of community service ordered as part of her sentence , including 360 hours at the Los Angeles Downtown Women 's Center . The last 120 hours will be served at the county morgue . Judge Saunter gave Lohan a year to complete the community service . Her supervised probation is scheduled to end within a year , unless Lohan is charged with breaking any laws before then . It has been extended several times because of probation violations , including failed alcohol and drug tests . Lohan failed an alcohol test administered by a probation officer on June 13 and was ordered to go before the judge for a probation violation hearing last week . But Lohan 's attorney convinced the judge the testing requirement had lapsed in February . Judge Saunter ruled that Lohan is now allowed to drink alcohol and she is no longer required to take random drug tests . The actress , who turns 25 on July 2 , has managed to avoid more than a few days in jail despite two drunken-driving convictions , a long list of probation violations and the recent theft conviction . "  Because of budget constraints and because we 're under a federal consent decree that requires us to curb our overcrowding situation , nonviolent offenders , lesser crimes , get 20 % of their sentence , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . Lohan entered drug rehab last year to avoid a jail sentence imposed by another judge . But Saunter made it clear in court last month that she did n't think drugs and alcohol were the root of Lohan 's legal troubles . "  She 's got other problems for which she self-medicates , " Saunter said at her sentencing in May . Lohan 's four years in and out of court -- and sometimes jail -- started with two drunken-driving arrests in 2007 . Since then , she 's spent more than eight months in substance-abuse rehabilitation programs . A probation report released last month said the actress "  appears to be continuing to struggle with substance abuse issues . " "  It would appear that the defendant 's criminal conduct is increasing in seriousness and severity , " the probation report said , yet it suggested she serve her sentence on probation and not in jail . Lohan tested positive for alcohol use , a violation of probation rules , in February , the report said . It also revealed that the drug test failure last August , which resulted in a jail sentence and court-ordered rehab , involved cocaine and amphetamines . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report	The actress served 35 days in home confinement 120-day jail sentence was changed to home confinement due to jail overcrowding She pleaded guilty in May to a January necklace theft charge Lohan must now resume work on 480 hours of community service
CNN justice producer Terry Frieden was part of the first-ever media tour of the U.S. Bureau of Prison 's Administrative Maximum prison -- also known as "  Supermax . " What follows is Frieden 's account of his experience . A file photo of the SuperMax prison taken when the facility opened 13 years ago . FLORENCE , Colorado  CNN  -- Visiting Supermax , the "  Alcatraz of the Rockies , " reveals nothing so much as an astonishing and eerie quiet . It 's not what one would expect of a place that houses 473 notorious terrorists , vicious murderers and violent , disruptive escape-prone inmates brought in from other federal penitentiaries . I 've visited noisy , boisterous state and federal prisons , where inmates scream for a visitor 's attention or proclaim their innocence . But at Supermax -- officially called "  Administrative Maximum , " or ADX -- everything is very tightly controlled , with nothing left to chance , so there is no particular sense of a threat , no feeling of vulnerability . View an explainer of Supermax 's security " Corrections officials were blunt in explaining their reason for finally inviting reporters , albeit without cameras , to peek behind the heavy metal gates for the first time since the penitentiary opened 13 years ago . "  This is about dispelling myths and rumors , " said Warden Ron Wiley . Myths that particularly rile prison officials are reports that Supermax , southwest of Colorado Springs , is a dungeon where inmates are cast aside to rot and die , and that the prison is underground , which it obviously is not . View a map of Supermax 's location " The first hint of the level of control throughout Supermax is the cumbersome , time-consuming security procedures we visitors  already cleared for admittance  were subjected to . I expect metal detectors these days , but despite possessing my Justice Department-issued photo ID , I still had to be photographed by the Bureau of Prisons , which is part of the Justice Department . Even Bureau of Prisons executives had to display their credentials to guards time and time again . Prison officials also have been bugged by rumors that the penitentiary was not entirely safe and secure , and that the lack of adequate staffing and a perimeter fence were potential problems to the community . Bureau officials insist allegations of inadequate security were fueled by corrections labor unions wanting more staffing , but complaints caught the attention of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and Colorado Sens. Ken Salazar and Wayne Allard , all of whom visited . In the end , it was agreed that a $ 10 million perimeter fence was n't needed . The handful of journalists allowed in were not allowed to see the headline-grabbing terrorists isolated under specially designed procedures . We did n't get a glimpse of Zacharias Moussaoui , Ramzi Yousef , Richard Reid , Theodore Kaczynski or Terry Nichols . But we 've seen them in court , and they 're not the guys you 'd most fear . All the attention paid to the few most infamous prisoners distorts the reality of ADX , officials insist . "  They 're like the premier players of the NBA . They get all the attention , " Wiley complained . Bureau of Prisons officials stressed that 95 percent of the Supermax prisoners are the most violent , disruptive and escape-prone inmates from other federal prisons , and they were transferred to ADX to help control those other facilities . At ADX , every prisoner has his own 86-square-foot cell . Despite the brutal nature and violent history of most of the inmates , not a single major assault against a corrections officer has occurred since the first inmates arrived in 1994 . The one-on-one killers who slashed or strangled other inmates , earning a trip to Supermax , are the inmates one would most worry about . Contact with others comes only after the inmates have adhered to a strict program for group recreation . Two inmate-on-inmate homicides have led to even tighter restrictions . I was allowed to briefly talk at random to a few of the inmates . One man who identified himself as Jack Stancell of South Carolina told me he 's doing time because , among other things , he 'd stabbed somebody and murdered somebody else . He 's been in prison for 33 of his 65 years . He says Supermax is actually better than some places he 's been . "  You get used to it , " he says without emotion . As I walk into the outdoor recreation area , it 's evident that virtually every possibility in combating the criminal mind has been considered . Large cables are strung above the basketball courts and track for no apparent reason . "  Those are helicopter deterrents , " a corrections official explains . "  We are not really worried about a chopper escape attempt , but you 've got to be prepared . " In the prison library , where inmates most ask for Westerns and romance novels , employees scour pages of returned books just to make sure there 's not a message or code that could be passed along to another inmate . Nothing 's left to chance . And apparently so as not to fuel inner terrorist fires , the newspapers from September 11 that will eventually reach the al Qaeda members and sympathizers imprisoned here will be altered . It will be 30 days before they finally have access to the 9/11 papers , and then they will find that all articles dealing with the anniversary or terrorism will have been excised . It may well take more than a two-hour visit by a handful of reporters to begin erasing myths about Supermax . But it 's a start . E-mail to a friend	Officials allowed reporters to tour "  Supermax " prison to dispel myths Zacharias Moussaoui , Richard Reid and Theodore Kaczynski held there Reporter says prison is eerily quiet
CNN  -- Homeland security officials on Wednesday abruptly shelved a proposal to build a national database of license-plate scans after criticism from privacy advocates . The proposal , which had been posted online last week by the office of Immigration and Customs Enforcement , sought a contractor who could establish a searchable database of license plates , with the times and locations where they were spotted by traffic cameras and other sources . But in a statement late Wednesday , the department announced a reversal . "  The solicitation , which was posted without the awareness of ICE leadership , has been canceled , " said spokeswoman Gillian Christensen . "  While we continue to support a range of technologies to help meet our law enforcement mission , this solicitation will be reviewed to ensure the path forward appropriately meets our operational needs . " It was unclear whether the proposal was dead or was merely withdrawn for revisions . Under the proposal , officers in the field would have been able to use their smartphones to look up a license plate and see every time and every place the vehicle had been spotted by a camera . "  The database should track vehicle license plate numbers that pass through cameras or are voluntarily entered into the system from a variety of sources  access control systems , asset recovery specialists , etc.  and uploaded to share with law enforcement , " the original solicitation read . The proposed National License Plate Recognition database was to have been used by immigration officers to find and arrest fugitives . Supporters of license-plate scanning , like former New York state homeland security chief Michael Balboni , said it could have been an invaluable tool for finding dangerous suspects . "  What license-plate readers have been used for most effectively is  trying  to do hits against outstanding warrants , against unlicensed drivers , against folks who have shown before that they 've been involved in some kind of crime -- that 's where the hits come . " But since the solicitation was posted and featured in the Washington Post , privacy advocates have warned that the database sounded like a dragnet that would track the whereabouts of all drivers , including people who have done nothing wrong , and that the records might be held indefinitely . "  The idea is , we want to collect everything on perfectly innocent people and then dip into it whenever we feel like it , " said Kade Crockford of the American Civil Liberties Union . "  There have already been quite a few cases of abuse . Essentially , the problem is that this is creating a nationwide warrantless location-tracking list . " Opponents also said the tracking of cars would reveal personal information about drivers , like whether they went to church , where they slept at night , or whether they had been to an abortion clinic or a political protest .	Immigration and Customs Enforcement sought bids for a license-plate tracking database Database would have been able to see where a vehicle 's plate had been captured on camera Tool would have helped law enforcement find criminals , one proponent says Database would have violated the privacy of innocent people , ACLU argues
CNN  The killings of 12 journalists and others at Charlie Hebdo in Paris has led many to wonder about the role of Islam in fueling vicious attacks on civilians in the name of the religion . Policymakers wring their hands about how to curtail the spread of extremist religious ideologies that terrorize Western targets , but also Muslims and non-Muslim minorities in the Middle East , who are extremism 's primary victims . Where are some Muslims getting the idea that violence against journalists who offend them is OK ? Why do they see beheadings as a fitting punishment ? A good place to look for answers would be to examine Saudi Arabia 's policies of intolerance and extremism . King Abdullah , as the protector of Islam 's most sacred religious sites and leader of Saudi Arabia , is widely considered an important role model for Muslims around the world . So it should not come as a surprise that many Muslims take their cues from the country on the prohibitions and punishments they consider appropriate to inflict on those who challenge or disagree with their interpretations of Islam . Saudi Arabia gave a good indication of its position on appropriate punishments last Friday , when it carried out Round 1 of a public flogging -- 50 lashes -- against Raif Badawi , a young blogger , in front of the al-Jafali mosque in Jeddah . A Saudi court had fined Badawi and sentenced him in 2014 to 1,000 lashes over 20 sessions and to 10 years in prison for the crime of "  insulting Islam " -- in part for setting up a liberal website to debate various topics , including religion . Badawi is not the only Saudi who has faced punishment for his perceived views . The government has jailed many leading intellectuals , writers , and activists who have dared to question any tenet of the orthodoxy imposed by the country 's Wahabi religious leaders . A former colleague of Badawi , Su`ad al-Shammari , was jailed in late 2014 on charges of "  insulting the messenger and the hadith " in connection with tweets that allegedly criticized religious authorities . In October , a Saudi court sentenced a Shiite cleric , Nimr al-Nimr , to death for criticizing the government and "  breaking allegiance with the ruler . " The prosecutor had sought what the Saudis call a crucifixion sentence , the kingdom 's harshest , in which the convicted person is beheaded and the decapitated body displayed in public . There is so much shock and outrage about ISIS propaganda videotapes showing its beheadings of journalists in Iraq and Syria -- and most recently , the reported beheadings of two Tunisian journalists in Libya . But the much more routine and widespread beheadings by Saudi Arabia get little scrutiny and condemnation . Saudi Arabia beheaded at least 26 people last August alone . The 82 executions in 2014 make Saudi Arabia a world leader in capital punishment . Saudi Interior Ministry news releases indicate that about half of them were for nonviolent crimes , the other half for drug offenses and one for sorcery . Yes , you read that right . In 2014 , Saudi Arabia was still beheading people for "  sorcery . " So is it really any surprise that extremist groups -- also acting in the name of Islam -- seem to be following Saudi 's lead , meting out their own severe punishments against journalists and activists they find offensive ? If Saudi Arabia thinks publicly beheading people comports with Islamic religious teachings and deters those who also might want to criticize them or question their religion , why should n't ISIS ? One might argue that a nation , unlike some self-designated Islamic Caliphate , has the legitimacy and authority to exercise state-sponsored violence , including against its own citizens . But countries also have obligations to respect human rights . Saudi Arabia 's abusive prosecutions and cruel punishments flout these obligations , and undermine its own legitimacy . There is probably little governments and policymakers can do to influence the ideology of extremist armed groups . But there 's a lot more they can and should do to influence the policies and practices of purported allies in the "  war on terror . " That includes the anti-ISIS coalition , to which Saudi Arabia and many other unaccountable , authoritarian , and deeply abusive Arab governments belong . While the United States and United Kingdom governments ' statements condemning Badawi 's flogging were a good start , more often these countries are utterly silent in the face of Saudi Arabia 's grotesque abuses against its own citizens . The West 's denunciations of ISIS abuses have less credibility when governments carrying out similar abuses , if much smaller in scale and magnitude , are good chums , strong allies , and important investors . If the international community is serious about taking on Islamist extremist ideologies -- if it wants to see real models of tolerance , respect for diverse viewpoints , religious freedom , and the free and peaceful exchange of ideas -- it must urge King Abdullah to be the true protector of the rights of Muslims around the world . For a start , he can overturn the sentence against Badawi and release dozens of detained activists and writers . He could even abolish beheadings , overnight , if that is what he wanted . . .	Sarah Leah Whitson : Blogger 's flogging most recent example of Saudi 's extreme punishment She says on jihad violence , easy to connect dots to Saudi Arabia , region 's model for repression Whitson : U.S. slammed flogging by its ally , but is silent on routine , grotesque abuses of Saudi citizens
CNN  -- President Obama is expected to sign the final health care legislation into law this week , but while the action wraps up on Capitol Hill , the heated debate over reform shows no sign of cooling down . With lawmakers back in their districts for the spring work period , the conversation just moves to a different platform . For Democrats , the two-week recess is an opportunity to highlight the immediate benefits of a law the public is not yet sold on . Democrats say the health care law provides all Americans with the opportunity to receive health care and prevents insurance companies from denying coverage to those who need it most . For Republicans , it 's a chance to rally support behind their efforts to repeal what they decry as a "  takeover " of the health care system that will saddle future generations of Americans with debt . What 's the one thing you want to ask your representatives ? Republicans have made "  repeal and replace " their battle cry , and Obama has said he welcomes the fight . At an event in Iowa City , Iowa , last week , the president scoffed at the Republicans ' strategy , saying , "  My attitude is -- Go for it . " Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann last week introduced a bill to repeal the health care legislation , as did other Republican lawmakers . "  We need to work together , whether we 're Republicans , independents , Democrats , we all have to work together for whatever is in the best interest of the American people . And repeal most certainly is in the best interest of the people because this bill will lead to economic harm if it 's left in place , " Bachmann told CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " But Tim Kaine , chairman of the Democratic National Committee , said he does n't think efforts to knock down the legislation stand much chance . "  They may want to push forward on a repeal of health care , to tell small businesses you 're not going to get tax credits to pay for insurance , to tell families you now ca n't keep children on your policy until -LSB- they -RSB- 're 26 , to tell folks that you 're now subject to these abuses of the insurance industry . I think they 'd be unwise to do it . I think the American public will reject it , " he told CBS . Despite the opposing messages , both sides say the public supports them . Republicans say the public opposes the president 's plan , but Democrats insist that people will eventually accept the plan now that it is finalized . And so far , both sides have a point . Most Americans disapprove of the health care reform law , but that does not translate into majority support for the "  repeal and replace " strategy , according to a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Monday . CNN Poll : Americans divided over repealing health care law Meanwhile , polls from both CBS and Quinnipiac University suggest that there has been a slight uptick in approval of the legislation following the vote . Another survey , a ABC/Washington Post poll released Sunday , indicated that the public 's overall view of the health care plan has held steady , with 46 percent supporting it and 50 percent opposed . The percentage of people who said they strongly support the health care legislation , however , increased by 10 points since February , while the percentage who strongly opposed it stayed about the same . "  We 'll find out in November who won or lost this battle , " Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , told CBS . "  What I do next is , I 'm trying to replace those who voted for this bill . I want to repeal it . And I want to replace it with some real reform that puts patients in charge of their health care again , " he said . Echoing DeMint , South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham said he was looking forward to an election in November "  about whether this health care bill is a real fix or a phony political document trying to grow the government . " Calling the legislation a "  giant Ponzi scheme , " the Republican senator vowed that the fight "  wo n't wind up just being in Washington . " Following a week of over-the-top rhetoric stemming from the health care vote , Sen. Barbara Mikulski , a Democrat from Maryland , cautioned that if lawmakers do n't watch their own words , they 'll hurt their credibility . "  If we do n't take ourselves seriously and act in a serious way , we 're not going to be taken seriously by the American people , " Mikulski said . "  I have a suggestion . Let 's go back to the three R 's : respect , rules of engagement that promote decorum , and , No. 3 -- stop the rewards system that enables you to raise a lot of money after using outrageous and bizarre behavior , " she added .	Lawmakers back in their districts for two-week spring recess Republicans , Democrats trying to sell their points of view to their constituents Republicans want to "  repeal and replace " health care legislation Polls show support for legislation up slightly since before last week 's vote
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- Steroid test results and notes and calendars from his then-trainer are among the evidence federal prosecutors have amassed in their perjury case against baseball home-run king Barry Bonds , according to documents unsealed Wednesday . Barry Bonds , shown at his most recent court appearance , is accused of lying to a grand jury . The 223-page stack of documents unsealed by a federal judge represents much of the government 's case against Bonds , who is accused of obstructing justice and lying to a grand jury investigating the use of steroids in professional sports . Prosecutors say the test results show Bonds was using performance-enhancing substances -- including a then-undetectable designer drug -- at a time he denied knowingly using any . Bonds ' attorneys are seeking to keep much of that evidence out of court . The 44-year-old former San Francisco Giants slugger holds Major League Baseball 's single-season and all-time home-run titles , but his achievements have been shadowed by allegations he used performance-enhancing drugs . Bonds pleaded not guilty to the perjury and obstruction of justice charges and has been free on $ 500,000 bond . A hearing in the case is scheduled for Thursday . The charges stem from his 2003 appearance before a federal grand jury probing the distribution of steroids by the San Francisco-area Bay Area Laboratory Cooperative , or BALCO . Bonds told the grand jury that his former personal trainer , Greg Anderson , gave him a cream that he said was flaxseed oil to use on his arm in 2003 . Anderson spent three months in prison after admitting distributing steroids and was later jailed for refusing to cooperate with prosecutors . The case against Bonds will include calendars kept by Anderson that prosecutors say were used to keep Bonds and other athletes on a doping regimen -- an assertion expected to be bolstered by the testimony of other athletes , they said . Evidence will include a recording of a phone conversation with an associate in which Anderson "  describes injecting the defendant , having the ability to obtain and utilize inside information about MLB 's random drug testing to the defendant 's benefit and the undetectable nature of what Anderson had been doing , " according to documents . Bonds won seven National League MVP titles during his 22-year career , 15 years of which was spent with the Giants . The team released him after the 2007 season , just weeks after he broke Hank Aaron 's career home-run record .	NEW : Bonds ' attorneys are seeking to keep many of the documents out of court NEW : Evidence will include phone conversation about "  injecting the defendant " NEW : Hearing in the perjury case is scheduled for Thursday Steroid test results and notes from ex-trainer among documents unsealed
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A suicide car bomb blast near a voter registration site killed 16 people , 14 of them children , and wounded 58 in southeastern Afghanistan on Sunday morning , according to a senior police official and the U.S. military . The U.S. military released this photo of the blast near a voter registration site . A Taliban spokesman said one of his group 's fighters carried out the attack . When security guards stopped the car at the entrance to the Mandozai district headquarters , the driver detonated the explosives inside the car , Khost provincial security chief Mohammad Yaqoub said . A security guard and an Afghan National Army soldier were among the dead . There were no military casualties , said U.S. Col. Gregory Julian . Coalition and Afghan forces worked together to evacuate the wounded to military and civilian hospitals , he said . The military released photos of the incident , saying they "  provide further proof the Afghan militants are not interested in the welfare nor benefit of the Afghan people . " Dozens of tribal elders were meeting nearby in the district administrative office at the time of the bombing , the police official said . The Mandozai district is in the Khost province . Zabiullah Mujahid , a Taliban spokesman speaking by phone from an undisclosed location , said the suicide bombing was carried out by Qari Hameedullah , a Taliban fighter . Elsewhere , a rocket attack in Kabul killed three teenage sisters and injured four other people Saturday night , Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's office said in a statement . The girls died when one of two rockets fired on Kabul crashed into a house in the southern part of the city . In the statement , Karzai called those who fired the rockets "  enemies of Afghanistan " who "  ca n't achieve anything by firing rockets but the killing of innocent civilians . " The president called the suicide bombing an "  un-Islamic act " and said those behind it "  are not aware of the Islamic teachings which outlaw the killing of innocent people . Those who ordered and executed this attack can not escape the revenge of Afghans and God 's punishment . " Journalist Farhad Peikar contributed to this report .	Suicide car bomb in southeastern Afghanistan kills 16 , including 14 children Taliban says it carried out attack near voter registration site Rocket attack in Kabul also killed three teenage sisters
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- A consortium including Petrobras , Shell , Total and two Chinese companies was the winner and sole bidder in Brazil 's auction of a giant offshore oil block , considered one of the most promising in the world . Protesters clashed with police and Army troops a couple of blocks from the hotel where the auction was carried out as oil workers and activists denounced the auction as a sale of national assets to foreign companies . Protesters attacked parked cars and metal barriers protecting the areal while security forces fired tear gas . The government deployed Army troops ahead of the auction to help cordon off the area . This was Brazil 's first oil auction since new rules were implemented giving more power to the state-owned Petrobras and a percentage of the oil stays in state hands . Under the new rules , Petrobras is required to be the sole operator and hold a minimum 30 % stake in every consortium . According to Brazil 's National Petroleum Agency , the Libra oil field holds between 8 billion and 12 billion barrels of oil , making it one of the world 's most promising fields . In the end , only 11 companies registered for the auction despite government predictions some 40 companies would turn out . And only one consortium actually put in a bid . Petrobras holds a 40 % stake in the winning consortium . The other members are : -- Shell , incorporated in the United Kingdom and headquartered in the Netherlands . It has a 20 % stake . -- Total , a French multinational company . It has a 20 % stake . -- China National Petroleum Corporation and China National Offshore Oil Corporation . They have a 10 % stake each . The auction comes at a bad time for Petrobras , which is struggling with its debt but will provide needed cash for state coffers . The winning consortium has to cough up a $ 7 billion signing fee and invest about $ 185 billion over the 35 years of the concession .	The consortium is composed of companies from Brazil , Europe and China The group has paid a $ 7 billion signing fee to access the Libra oil field It 's estimated the offshore oil field holds anywhere from 8 billion to 12 billion gallons Protesters against the sale with police and troops in Brazil
The families of Trayvon Martin , Michael Brown , Tamir Rice , Eric Garner and other unarmed black men felled by bullets or police force filled a podium in the nation 's capital . "  This is a history-making moment , " said Garner 's mother , Gwen Carr . "  It 's just so overwhelming to see all who have come to stand with us . Look at the masses -- black , white , all races , all religions . ... We need to stand like this at all times . " Invoking the familiar names of black men who died at the hands of police , tens of thousands marched throughout the nation on Saturday to protest what they see as rampant racial injustice . The throngs -- young and old , black and white -- took to the streets in major cities , including New York , Washington , Boston , San Francisco and Oakland , California . In Washington , a crowd of thousands snaked up Pennsylvania Avenue to the Capitol in a protest that evoked memories of past civil rights marches . The crowds appear to represent a burgeoning movement sparked by the decisions of grand juries in Missouri and New York not to indict white police officers in the deaths of two unarmed black men . Garner died in July when New York police officers on Staten Island wrestled him to the ground , with one of the officers wrapping his arm around Garner 's neck . Four mothers share pain of losing sons ` Sea of people " "  What a sea of people , " said Lesley McSpadden , the mother of Michael Brown , who was fatally shot by a Ferguson , Missouri , officer in August . "  If they do n't see this and make a change , then I do n't know what we got to do . " Thousands marched in Boston , starting at the Massachusetts State Capitol . Police arrested 23 people on disorderly conduct charges , according to the Massachusetts State Police . One man was charged with assault and battery on a police officer . From New York 's Washington Square Park , thousands marched to police headquarters chanting "  I ca n't breathe " -- Garner 's last words -- and "  How do you spell racist : NYPD . " The march was largely peaceful , although a protester from a splinter group hurled a garbage can through the window of an NYPD traffic car . "  I stand here as a black man who is afraid of the police , who is afraid of never knowing when my life might end , never knowing when I might be ... gunned down by a vigilante or a security guard or a police officer , " said marcher Ahmad Greene-Hayes . Michaela Angela Davis , a writer and frequent CNN guest who participated in the march , said the demonstrations signal a lasting movement . "  The collective self-esteem that 's happening with these young people is really powerful , " she said . "  They know they are part of history . " Map : Protests around the country Isolated ugly incidents From coast to coast , the protests were peaceful , but there were at least two instances of violence reported by police in New York and Oakland , California . In New York City , two police officers were allegedly assaulted by a group of protesters on the Brooklyn Bridge as they attempted to arrest a man trying to throw something at police . The officers were treated for their injuries at a local hospital , police said . The group "  attempted to steal their portable radios and tear away their police identification jackets , " said police spokesman John Miller . Afterward , police recovered a bag containing three hammers and a black mask . Authorities have arrested a 29-year-old man in the incident . Eric Linsker faces charges of robbery , assaulting a police officer , riot , obstruction of governmental administration , reckless endangerment and unlawful possession of marijuana , said NYPD spokesman Sgt. Lee Jones . In Oakland , California , police said there were several instances of vandalism . Arrests were made . Protesters demand In Washington , many carried signs with now familiar messages : "  Black lives matter , " "  Hold cops accountable " and "  I ca n't breathe . " It 's systematic racism that is instilled in our government , " said Shanna Lawrie , her hands in the air as she marched to the Capitol . "  We come in peace but we come strong , " said Ashley Sharpton , daughter of the Rev. Al Sharpton , an organizer of the Washington march . "  We come with demands . We want the government to get involved . " Protesters are demanding a more aggressive federal response to racially charged incidents involving police . Another marcher was Samaria Rice , whose 12-year-old son , Tamir , was carrying a toy gun when a Cleveland police officer fatally shot him in a park . The local medical examiner ruled his death a homicide . Marc Morial , head of the National Urban League , said protesters are demanding body and dashboard cameras for police , special prosecutors to investigate police misconduct and laws against racial profiling . New York City Councilman Jumaane Williams , who marched in Washington , said the protest needed to move beyond police brutality and focus on issues such as housing , unemployment and better schools . "  That 's where we need to steer the conversation , " he said . "  That 's where the anger is . " What the officers say Daniel Pantaleo , the New York police officer shown on video wrestling Garner to the pavement with his arm around his neck , spoke with internal affairs investigators last week . His attorney says Pantaleo did not use a chokehold but a "  takedown technique " he learned in the police academy . "  He said he never exerted any pressure on the windpipe and never intended to injure Mr. Garner , " attorney Stuart London said . Police had confronted Garner on the sidewalk for allegedly selling loose cigarettes . Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson resigned from the department last month . He testified to a St. Louis County grand jury that he shot Brown after the 18-year-old tried to take his gun and then charged at him . The results of autopsies , including one by a Justice Department medical examiner , showed that among Brown 's multiple gunshot wounds was one to his hand at close range . That supports Wilson 's account of a struggle at his patrol car but does n't explain why Wilson continued shooting at least five more times .	NYPD arrests a 29-year-old man for assaulting a police officer Two police officers were allegedly assaulted in New York City while trying to make arrest Eric Garner 's mother says marches are "  a history-making moment " The crowds demand a more aggressive federal response
Misrata , Libya  CNN  -- NATO said Tuesday that it lost contact with a U.S. unmanned helicopter flying surveillance for the organization over the central coastal area of Libya . Contact with the Fire Scout was lost at 7:20 a.m. , said Wing Cmdr. Mike Bracken , a NATO spokesman . A Pentagon source told CNN that the Fire Scout belonged to the U.S. Navy . Libyan state television reported that an "  Apache helicopter was downed in the area of Majr in Zliten , " claiming it was the fifth NATO aircraft to be downed . An Apache is a manned attack helicopter . Bracken denied that NATO had lost any attack helicopters during the alliance 's mission in Libya . The loss for NATO came as the military chiefs of the 15 nations participating in the Libya campaign met in London and two influential U.S. senators introduced a resolution expressing support for limited U.S. involvement in Libya -- part of an effort to counter rising pressure from U.S. lawmakers to withdraw backing for the mission . The resolution , introduced by John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , and John McCain , R-Arizona , authorizes the commitment of U.S. forces for one year while stressing the lack of support for any use of American ground troops . Libya state TV on Tuesday reported a NATO strike southwest of Tripoli in Nalut city , resulting in "  material and human damages . " Libyan forces were also continuing their attacks . At 6 p.m. in Misrata , a CNN employee saw three Grad-type rockets strike the center of the city , slightly wounding a 13-year-old boy in front of a bicycle shop . In Dafniya , between Tripoli and Misrata , five rebels were killed and 31 were wounded in clashes along the frontline , according to officials at Misrata 's Al-Hikma Hospital . The Libyan war erupted from anti-government protests in February . Following a United Nations mandate to protect civilians , NATO began bombing military targets in March . However , strongman Moammar Gadhafi still maintains control in Tripoli . Tuesday , Human Rights Watch said that Libyan government forces had planted more than 150 landmines in at least one location in the Nafusa Mountains in western Libya . The global monitoring group visited the site , inspected mines that had been removed , and interviewed the rebel fighters who removed them . "  These antipersonnel landmines pose a huge threat to civilians , " said Steve Goose , arms director at Human Rights Watch . "  More than 150 countries have banned landmines , but Libya continues to defy this global trend . " The human rights group said it has confirmed Gadhafi 's use of five types of landmines in six locations in Libya . NATO officials stressed that it was Gadhafi who was deliberately and indiscriminately targeting his own people as the alliance faced questions over a series of incidents over the weekend and into Monday that resulted in allegations of civilian casualties and strikes on Libyan opposition vehicles . "  Let 's not lose sight that it is the Gadhafi regime which started this crisis , " Bracken said . Libya said that 15 people , including three children , were killed in Monday 's incident . Libyan government spokesman Musa Ibrahim said the attack included strikes from eight rockets . "  You are planting the seeds of hatred , NATO , " Ibrahim said . Five houses and a farm were hit Sunday in the Surman area , west of Tripoli , he said . One of the homes belongs to Khaled el-Kweldi , a top aide to Gadhafi , Ibrahim said . The Libyan leader was not home at the time of the attack , but three children were killed , Ibrahim said . NATO said a residential building west of Tripoli was targeted early Monday . "  NATO is aware of allegations that this strike caused civilian casualties , " Bracken said . "  That is something we can not independently verify , but I say again that this was a legitimate military target . " He would not detail how NATO came to determine that the target was a command-and-control communications node except to say that 17 satellite dishes could be seen in aerial imagery . Bracken said the center was involved in coordinating attacks on the Libyan people . Monday 's strike in Surman came a day after NATO acknowledged an errant airstrike in Tripoli may have caused "  a number of civilian casualties . " Libya 's government said Sunday that nine people were killed and six wounded when a NATO strike hit a residential neighborhood in the Libyan capital . NATO said Sunday that a military missile site was the intended target . "  However , it appears that one weapon did not strike the intended target and that there may have been a weapons system failure , " a NATO statement said . On Saturday , NATO expressed regret after its aircraft mistakenly struck vehicles aligned with the Libyan opposition in the key and hotly contested eastern oil city of al-Brega . Meanwhile , Libyan opposition leader Mahmoud Jibril arrived Tuesday in Beijing for meetings with Chinese officials , state media reported . Jibril , chairman of the executive board of the opposition Transitional National Council , will be in China for two days , according to Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei . "  China 's major task is to promote peace and encourage talks , " Hong said . "  China has followed closely the development of the situation in Libya , and calls for the political resolution of the Libyan crisis . " The Ministry of Foreign Affairs called the rebels "  an important political power of Libya . " That recognition comes a month after Jibril said that China bolstered the opposition movement 's stature by purchasing a shipment of oil from the opposition group for $ 160 million . "  We have maintained contacts with both sides of Libya , and urge them to take actions that are conducive to the interest of the people of the country , " Hong said . "  We believe that the future of Libya should be determined by the Libyan people themselves , and China will respect the independent choice of the Libyan people . " In May , Jibril met in Paris with French President Nicolas Sarkozy and Prime Minister Francois Fillon . France has been a strong backer of the Libyan rebels and the NATO air campaign . Also in May , Jibril tried to secure formal recognition for the interim council from the White House , but failed . Since then , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said the United States views the group as the legitimate representative of the Libyan people . For weeks , NATO forces have been targeting forces loyal to Gadhafi in an effort to prevent them from inflicting civilian casualties . Most of those strikes have come from missiles fired from ships located offshore or from aircraft flying above the North African nation . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Elizabeth Joseph , Jack Maddox , Per Nyberg and Helena Hong contributed to this report .	NEW : 5 rebels killed along frontline in Dafniya , hospital officials say Human Rights Watch reports landmines in the Nafusa Mountains The drone that went down was a U.S. Fire Scout , NATO spokesman says U.S. senators introduce a resolution for limited U.S. involvement
CNN  -- On the day Alisher Usmanov was named as Britain 's wealthiest man , his soccer club Arsenal overtook that of one of his "  rich list " rivals in the race for a European Champions League place next season . Usmanov , the English team 's joint-biggest shareholder along with American Stan Kroenke , is worth # 13.3 billion  $ 20.2 billion  according to the annual Sunday Times table -- a rise of almost # 1 billion  $ 1.5 billion  since last year . Arsenal moved up into third place in the Premier League with Saturday 's 1-0 win at Fulham , putting Arsene Wenger 's side two points above Chelsea -- owned by Usmanov 's fellow Russian Roman Abramovich . Abramovich is fifth on the Sunday Times list with an estimated wealth of # 9.3 billion  # 14.16 billion  -- a drop of two places . His team 's fortunes have also been sliding since last year 's Champions League success , but the Blues can regain third with victory in Sunday 's trip to Liverpool . Defeat , however , could allow fifth-placed Tottenham to join Chelsea on 61 points if the London side beat second-placed Manchester City earlier in the day . Despite moving five points clear of Spurs , Arsenal 's top-four hopes remain in the balance , having played two more matches than both London rivals . The Gunners next face runaway leaders Manchester United , but the final three games are against teams near the bottom of the table . "  We are on a strong run and we just go into the next game and focus on winning that , " Wenger told Arsenal 's website . "  The next game will be Man United so it 's a good challenge for us . " Defender Per Mertesacker scored the only goal against Fulham just before halftime , as the home team had former Arsenal midfielder Steven Sidwell sent off for a rash lunge on Mikel Arteta early on -- his second red card in as many matches . Arsenal also ended the game with 10 men after France striker Olivier Giroud was sent off . "  He said to me that he slipped at the moment he went for the ball , and it 's confirmed by the television , " Wenger said . "  I have n't seen it but he 's not a tackler . "  He went over the ball and , knowing that Sidwell had been sent off before , I had no illusion of the color of the card . " Another club with connections to a man on the rich list took another step towards relegation on Saturday as Queens Park Rangers lost 2-0 at home to Stoke . Indian steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal retained a one-third stake in QPR after Malaysian businessman Tony Fernandes became principal shareholder in 2011 , but the club 's fortunes have mirrored his own . Mittal had been Britain 's wealthiest man eight years in a row , but has dropped to fourth on # 10 billion  $ 15 billion  -- with # 2.7 billion  $ 4.1 billion  wiped off his value . His shares in QPR may also be worth considerably less if the club returns to the second division after just two seasons in the EPL , despite having spent large sums on players under Fernandes -- that will happen on Monday if Aston Villa manage an unlikely victory against Manchester United . Saturday 's defeat left the London club level on points with bottom side Reading , who lost 2-1 at Norwich , while Stoke climbed six points clear of the relegation zone after ending a run of six defeats and a draw . It put Stoke on 37 points along with Newcastle -- who held eighth-placed West Brom 1-1 -- and Sunderland , whose 1-0 win over Everton was the second successive victory for new manager Paolo Di Canio . Sunderland 's victory -- the club 's second since January 23 -- dented sixth-placed Everton 's hopes of European qualification , leaving David Moyes ' team two points behind Tottenham having played two more matches . Wigan stayed in the third and final relegation place after a 2-0 defeat at Wigan , while ninth-placed Swansea drew 0-0 with Southampton , who stayed 12th .	Derby victory gives Arsenal the edge in race for Champions League place Win at 10-man Fulham comes as shareholder Alisher Usmanov is named UK 's richest It lifts club above Chelsea , owned by fellow Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich Former rich list leader Lakshmi Mittal drops to fifth as relegation looms for his club QPR
PEOPLE.com  -- In 1999 , Heather Donahue was unexpectedly catapulted to stardom as a co-creator and costar of the indie horror film "  The Blair Witch Project " -- who memorably filmed herself crying in terror in the genre-breaking flick . A few short years later , just as unexpectedly , her acting career stalled . And soon she was embarking on the most peculiar of second acts -- that of marijuana grower . "  I took all my stuff into the desert related to my acting career and burned it all , " Donahue , who turns 37 on Thursday , tells the Philadelphia Inquirer . Well , she did spare one thing : the blue ski cap from the "  Blair Witch " poster . "  That 's the only thing I kept , " she says . "  I figured if things got really bad , I could always sell it on eBay . " At the time of "  Blair Witch 's " release , Donahue told PEOPLE that her newfound fame was "  hilarious and overwhelming . " But soon she became disillusioned . "  The acting projects I was lucky enough to work on were n't always things that I felt good about putting out into the world , " she says now in a Q&A on her website . "  I did n't see that getting better as I got older . I wanted to change my life , see what else was out there for me , what else I might become . " She ended up following her then new boyfriend into a strange new life of growing marijuana , mostly for medical purposes -- a journey she relates in her forthcoming memoir , "  GrowGirl : How My Life After The Blair Witch Project Went to Pot . " Donahue ended up living for a year in Nuggettown , California , with a bunch of growers and their "  pot wives , " helping to build grow rooms and tending to the crops . She tells the Inquirer that she was "  always an avid gardener " and quickly fell into a routine , becoming "  a solitary country girl " after her years in the fast lane in L.A. . She gave up growing pot after deciding to write about it -- and after a friend got busted by the feds . Donahue , who is now on a book tour , is torn about whether marijuana should be legalized . On the one hand , she 's worried that corporations might run over the mom-and-pop growers . But at the same time , she thinks it 's foolish to outlaw it . "  Cannabis has been intertwined with human culture for thousands of years , " she says on her website . "  It 's here to stay as medicine , as an industry , and as a component of the culture . The idea that such a hearty , useful plant could be legislated out of existence seems pretty foolish , especially in retrospect . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Heather Donahue memorably filmed herself crying in terror in "  The Blair Witch Project " She quit acting and followed her then boyfriend into a new life of growing marijuana Donahue ended up living for a year in Nuggettown , California
Health officials have added 45 infants to the list of more than 700 who were exposed to tuberculosis at a hospital in El Paso , Texas . Earlier this week , the city 's Department of Public Health announced that 706 infants and 43 health care workers had been exposed to tuberculosis , commonly called TB , at Providence Memorial Hospital . An employee at the hospital came to work with an active case of TB some time between September 2013 and August 2014 . He or she worked with infants in the nursery and in the post-partum unit at the hospital , the health department said . These 45 additional cases were exposed during the same time period , and are being notified along with the rest of the group . The family of each patient was sent a certified letter and is being contacted via telephone with instructions on how to get tested for TB . Any necessary follow-up care will be provided free of charge by the health department and the hospital . As of Monday , more than 350 appointments had been made for screenings , according to the health department . Parents and other family members of the infants are not being told to get tested because they "  are not considered exposed , " health officials said in a statement . There is no word yet on whether any of the people exposed have tested positive for the disease . The infected health care worker is no longer working and is receiving treatment , the owner of the hospital , Sierra Providence Health Network , said in a statement . Tuberculosis is an infectious disease that generally causes coughing , chest pain and difficulty breathing , according to the Mayo Clinic . An estimated 2 billion people worldwide have what 's called latent TB , where the bacteria remain dormant and do n't cause symptoms . "  Once in the body , the bacteria usually lay dormant for months or years before they begin to grow and cause a case of active TB , " the El Paso Department of Public Health said in a statement . "  That is why it is so important to identify people who may have been exposed , screen them , and provide treatment . " The bacteria that cause TB spread through the air when an infected patient coughs or sneezes , but it 's not a highly contagious disease ; close contact over a longer period of time is required before another person becomes infected , according to the Mayo Clinic . Only active TB can be spread . The Texas Department of State Health Services conducted an on-site investigation at Providence Memorial Hospital last week and cited the hospital "  for deficiencies that represent immediate jeopardy to patient health and safety , " said Carrie Williams , the department 's director of media relations . Investigators "  found serious deficiencies in the areas of infection control , patient rights and governing body . " The Center for Medicare Services has placed the hospital on a termination track , said David Wright , deputy regional administrator for CMS in Dallas . He said CMS is giving the hospital until October 11 to identify policy changes that need to happen to ensure something like this wo n't happen again . If the hospital fails to do so , its Medicaid and Medicare funding will be cut off . "  This is one of the largest TB exposure investigations we 've ever been involved in , and it involves infants , so it is particularly sensitive , " Williams said . "  Babies are more likely than older children and adults to develop life-threatening forms of TB . " Patients with TB must take antibiotics for six to nine months . Some strains of TB are resistant to antibiotics , which makes them more dangerous . Without treatment , TB can be fatal , the Mayo Clinic says . There is one vaccine for TB -- Bacille Calmette-Guerin , known as BCG -- that is not widely used in the United States , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ; it is given more often to children in countries where TB is common . There were 9,582 recorded cases of TB in the United States last year . In October , health officials identified 140 infants who may have been exposed to tuberculosis in a similar incident at a hospital in Nevada .	751 infants and 43 health care workers have been exposed to TB Hospital worker in El Paso , Texas , came to work with active case of TB TB is an infectious disease , but not highly contagious
CNN  -- Serbia will face France in the final of the Davis Cup after a tense 3-2 semifinal victory over the Czech Republic in front of a passionate home support in Belgrade . The Czechs led 2-1 after winning Saturday 's doubles rubber , meaning the hosts had to claim victory in both reverse singles to secure their first-ever appearance in the final . World number two Novak Djokovic , who missed Friday 's opening singles with a stomach complaint , drew the two nations level at 2-2 when he recovered from the loss of the opening set to defeat Czech No. 1 Tomas Berdych 4-6 6-3 6-2 6-4 . It completed a miserable weekend for Wimbledon finalist Berdych , who lost both of his singles rubbers . That result means Janko Tipsarevic had to defeat the previously unbeaten Radek Stepanek to seal Serbia 's final place and he did just that , winning 6-0 7-6 6-4 to send the 15,000 home supporters into raptures . There was less drama in the other semifinal , where France completed their domination over Argentina with a 5-0 whitewash victory in Lyon . The French led 3-0 going into the final day , meaning nothing rested on the results of the reverse singles rubbers . However , Gilles Simon 's 7-6 6-7 6-3 defeat of Eduardo Schwank meant the whitewash became a possibility -- and it was completed when Arnaud Clement beat Horacio Zeballos 7-5 6-1 . The victory ensures France , who dumped out holders Spain in the previous round , reached their first Davis Cup final since 2002 .	Serbia secured their first Davis Cup final appearance , where they will face France The home side defeated Czech Republic 3-2 in a tense semifinal in Belgrade Janko Tipsarevic secured the winning point with victory over Redek Stepanek France secured their place in the final with a crushing 5-0 success over Argentina
CNN  -- Already boasting a treasure trove of trophies and mementos , the latest addition to Cristiano Ronaldo 's own personal museum is a 10-foot bronze statue of the man himself . The "  CR7 Museum " -- opened in December 2013 in the Real Madrid attacker 's hometown of Funchal , on the Portuguese island of Madeira -- houses more than 125 awards , including the two Ballon d'Or titles he won in 2008 and 2013 after being voted the world 's best player . And now standing outside to greet those fans who make the pilgrimage to pay homage to one of football 's greats is a mammoth sculpture of the Portugal captain in all his glory . Ronaldo , fresh from helping Madrid lift FIFA 's Club World Cup in Morocco on Saturday , was in Funchal just 24 hours later to unite with his family for the statue 's official unveiling . "  I feel so proud to be honored with a statue in Madeira , " Ronaldo wrote on his official Twitter account . "  It 's a huge joy to share this moment with my family and the people from Madeira . Thank you all for the warm reception . " While in Funchal , Ronaldo also found time to receive the "  Cordão Autonómico de Distinção " -- the highest distinction of Madeira . The 29-year-old has enjoyed a 2014 to remember , having helped Madrid lift the European Champions League , European Super Cup and Spanish Copa del Rey , as well as the Club World Cup . Ronaldo , who has scored 34 goals in 27 games for club and country this season , is favorite to land the 2014 Ballon d'Or ahead of Barcelona 's Lionel Messi and Bayern Munich 's Manuel Neuer , with the result being announced on January 12 , 2015 .	Statue of Cristiano Ronaldo unveiled outside his "  CR7 Museum " Museum based in his hometown of Funchal on island of Madeira The statue has come in for criticism for its appearance
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal has sent shockwaves throughout the tennis world after withdrawing from the Australian Open . The 11-times grand slam champion , who reached the final in Melbourne last year , had been expected to make his comeback from injury next month . Nadal 's withdrawal means he will slip out of the top four for the first time in over seven years . After pulling out of an exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi this week with a stomach infection , Nadal was still expected to compete at the ATP event in Doha before making his way to Australia . The 26-year-old , who has not played since his shock second round defeat by world number 100 Lukas Rosol at Wimbledon , had hoped to make a return to action following a six-month absence with a knee injury . Nadal suffers comeback blow But a virus has forced Nadal to pull out of both Doha and the Australian Open following discussions with doctors . He said : "  My knee is much better and the rehabilitation process has gone well as predicted by the doctors , but this virus did n't allow me to practice this past week and therefore I am sorry to announce that I will not play in Doha and the Australian Open , as we had initially scheduled . "  As my team and doctors say , the safest thing to do is to do things well and this virus has delayed my plans of playing these weeks . "  I will have to wait until the Acapulco tournament to compete again , although I could consider to play before at any other ATP event . "  I always said that my return to competition will be when I am in the right conditions to play and after all this time away from the courts I 'd rather not accelerate the comeback and prefer to do things well . " Nadal has endured an injury-ravaged year , missing out on defending his Olympic title at London 2012 as well as sitting out the U.S. Open and Spain 's Davis Cup final defeat in November . Coach and uncle Toni Nadal believes his nephew was left with little choice but to cancel his plans to compete in Melbourne after contracting the virus . Nadal to make long-awaited tennis return He said : "  We consider not appropriate to play the Australian Open since we will not have enough preparation for a greater competition which is a Grand Slam tournament . "  It is simply not conceivable that his first event is a best of five sets event , he would n't be ready for that . "  It is true we have been quite unlucky with this but there is nothing we can do . "  After all this time it is better to do things well and the most professional thing to do is to start when we are ready . " While the Nadal camp is understandably saddened by the news , it will also leave his fellow professionals disappointed . World number one , Novak Djokovic , who beat Nadal in Melbourne last year , was looking forward to facing his old adversary once again . "  I was eager to see him play , " said Djokovic . "  He has been off the tour for the past seven months and I am sure that all tennis fans and all sports fans want to see him back on the court , healthy and fit . "  I wish him , as a colleague , a fast recovery . "  It 's unfortunate and I 'm sure he feels the biggest need to play tennis out of everybody and hopefully he can bit for the Australian Open which is the most important experience . " Djokovic wins ATP World Tour Finals title Meanwhile , Djokovic started his own season in style with a 6-0 6-3 win over Ferrer . The Serbia star , who won the tournament last year , cruised through the first set before Ferrer began to offer resistance in the second . Ferrer , ranked five in the world , led 3-1 in the second before Djokovic roared back to take the set . "  I love this court and the conditions here . I wish all the tournaments in the world were played here , " Djokovic told ESPN . "  It 's definitely a great surface . It 's not too warm here , not too cold , it 's ideal to prepare on . "  I am surprised with my game considering it 's the first match of the official season . Hopefully I can play another good one tomorrow . " Djokovic will meet Nicolas Almagro in the final after the Spaniard came from a set down to defeat Janko Tipsarevic 2-6 , 7-6 , 6-2 .	Rafael Nadal has withdrawn from the Australian Open The 11-time grand slam winner had hoped to make his return from injury in Melbourne Nadal has been laid low with a stomach virus following six months out with a knee problem Novak Djokovic opened season with semifinal win over David Ferrer in Abu Dhabi
CNN  -- Tim Russert , who became one of America 's leading political journalists as the host of NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " died Friday , the network said . He was 58 . Tim Russert established himself as the face of NBC 's political journalism as host of "  Meet the Press . " The network said the award-winning journalist collapsed at work Friday . He was taken to Washington 's Sibley Memorial Hospital , where he died , the hospital confirmed . Colleague and former NBC anchor Tom Brokaw broke the news on the network Friday shortly after 3:40 p.m. Russert had just returned from a family vacation in Italy with his wife , journalist Maureen Orth , and son , Luke , to celebrate his graduation from Boston College , Brokaw said . "  I think I can invoke personal privilege and say this news division will not be the same without his strong , clear voice , " Brokaw said Friday . "  He will be missed as he was loved -- greatly . " Watch Brokaw break the news " Friends and colleagues remembered Russert on Friday not only as one of the country 's most respected and influential political journalists , but also as a friend , a devout Catholic and an avid sports fan , especially when it came to his home team , the Buffalo Bills . Watch politicians , journalists pay homage to Russert " "  I just loved the guy . He had this enthusiasm about all of the things that life brings to you , " said James Carville , who often attended Washington National games with Russert . "  My wife and I are in a complete state of utter shock . " Watch as Carville describes his friendship with Russert " Russert was born May 7 , 1950 , in Buffalo , New York . His parents were Timothy John Russert Sr. , or "  Big Russ , " a newspaper truck driver and sanitation worker , and Elizabeth Russert . Buffalo Mayor Byron W. Brown ordered that all flags on city property be lowered immediately to half-staff in Russert 's honor . He was a graduate of Canisius High School , John Carroll University and the Cleveland-Marshall College of Law . He was a member of the bar in New York and the District of Columbia , according to a biography on CNBC.com Before joining NBC , Russert served as press secretary for former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo and as chief of staff to Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan . Russert joined the network in 1984 and quickly established himself as the face of the network 's political coverage , eventually becoming senior vice president and Washington bureau chief of NBC news . His career at NBC was marked by a number of milestones . In 1985 , Russert supervised live broadcasts of the "  Today " show from Rome , Italy , negotiating an appearance by Pope John Paul II -- a first for American television . He was also the recipient of numerous awards for his work , including an Emmy in 2005 for his coverage of the funeral of President Ronald Reagan . His rise to prominence coincided with his success as the best-selling author of two books , 2004 's "  Big Russ and Me " and 2006 's "  Wisdom of Our Fathers , " which documented his journey from blue-collar beginnings to law school to Washington powerhouse . Watch Russert talk about lessons he learned from his father on CNN 's Larry King Live " The memoirs , both of which were New York Times best sellers , transformed the award-winning journalist into the son of Big Russ , a Buffalo Bills fanatic , and finally , a husband and father . Watch Russert talk about his son 's first tattoo " "  Tim was a true child of Buffalo and the blue-collar roots from which he was raised , " Brokaw said Friday . "  For all his success , he was always in touch with the ethos of that community . " Russert credited his upbringing with helping him keep his ego in check as he became the man who interviewed presidents and important politicians of the day . iReport.com : Send your memories of Russert "  If you come from Buffalo , everything else is easy . Walking backwards to school , for a mile in the snow , grounds you for life , " Russert told the Washington Post 's Howard Kurtz in 2004 . "  Plus , if you have a family the way I do , it 's a daily reality check . " Russert , who also served as a political analyst for cable network MSNBC , took the helm of "  Meet the Press " in 1991 , turning the long-running Sunday-morning interview program into the most-watched show of its kind in the United States . During his 17-year run as the host of "  Meet the Press , " the longest of any host in the show 's 60-year history , Russert earned the respect and admiration of many journalists and politicians . "  He was an institution in both news and politics for more than two decades . Tim was a tough and hardworking newsman . He was always well-informed and thorough in his interviews . And he was as gregarious off the set as he was prepared on it , " President Bush said Friday . His professionalism earned him many accolades . The Washingtonian Magazine once dubbed Russert the best and most influential journalist in Washington , describing "  Meet the Press " as "  the most interesting and important hour on television . " In 2008 , TIME magazine named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world . Brokaw described Russert as a political junkie who threw himself into his work during this year 's presidential contest . "  This was one of the most important years of Tim 's life for many reasons , " Brokaw said . "  He loved this political campaign . He worked himself to the point of exhaustion many weeks . "	Veteran journalist collapses at work , according to NBC Russert best known as host of NBC 's "  Meet the Press " Russert just returned from trip to Italy with family Mayor of Buffalo , New York , orders flags to fly at half-staff
CNN  -- Two additional homicide charges were announced Thursday against a suspected serial stabber who was trying to board an overseas flight when he was arrested , Michigan authorities said . Elias Abuelazam is a suspect in 18 stabbings in three states . Five of the attacks were fatal -- all of those in Genesee County , Michigan , said the county 's prosecutor , David Leyton . Four of the 18 attacks occurred in Ohio and Virginia . Abuelazam has been charged with homicide in three of the five deaths . Earlier , defense attorney Edwar Zeineh told CNN that he expected "  up to four new murder charges " to be announced Thursday . However , Leyton said Thursday that the remaining cases are still under investigation . "  There is a lot we have to comb through , " the prosecutor said . Previously , Abuelazam , 34 , faced one murder count , five counts of assault with intent to commit murder and one charge of malicious destruction of property -- all related to attacks in Michigan . The new charges stem from separate fatal stabbings of two Michigan men , one 43 and another 60 . In the first case , a witness identified Abuelazam as the stabber after seeing his photo on television , Leyton said . In the second , police obtained a search warrant for Abuelazam 's luggage after he boarded a plane in Louisville , Kentucky , that was bound for Atlanta , Georgia . He was arrested August 11 at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , where he was set to board a flight to Israel , police said . Investigators found a pair of sneakers in his baggage with evidence of blood matching the DNA of the 60-year-old victim , Leyton said . Abuelazam was indicted last week by a grand jury in Toledo , Ohio , in the stabbing of a church janitor . Zeineh said he does not believe investigators have insurmountable proof against his client . "  I still feel strongly there is reasonable doubt based on my review of the evidence so far , " he said , without mentioning specifics . Abuelazam 's mother recently flew from Israel to Flint , Michigan , to see her son , and has made several jailhouse visits . "  Her presence there as a mom was to empower her son , " Zeineh said . "  She helped him gather his thoughts and be -LSB- a -RSB- productive member of his defense team . " The three-state string of attacks began in May and ended in August . Most of the stabbing victims were African-American . Federal officials have not provided a motive for the attacks . Leesburg , Virginia , Police Chief Joseph Price has said he believed the attacker was targeting African-Americans . Abuelazam is believed responsible for three attacks in Leesburg . If convicted in Michigan , Abuelazam could face life in prison without parole . The state does not have the death penalty . Authorities had Abuelazam in custody twice in a two-week stretch , both within hours of reports of stabbings , but he was released . Police said he had not been linked to the attacks at the time . Abuelazam was arrested August 5 after a traffic stop and July 29 for allegedly providing alcohol to a minor . He was fined $ 125 in July . In the traffic stop arrest , in Arlington , Virginia , police arrested Abuelazam after learning he had an outstanding warrant for assault . A knife and hammer were found in his car . Authorities now believe both weapons were used in the string of stabbings . One of the attacks took place in Virginia hours after Abuelazam was released . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Two more homicide charges are filed against Abuelazam , who is jailed in Michigan He 's been linked to attacks in Michigan , Ohio and Virginia His attorney says investigators do not have strong enough evidence
EW.com  -- Even the First Lady ca n't get enough of ABC 's "  Scandal . " Michelle Obama confessed to binge-watching the Washington D.C.-set political soap during an interview with Ryan Seacreast released yesterday  video below  . Obama said she had n't seen the Thursday-night hit until a recent trip . "  You know what , I had n't watched it until this past vacation â $ " we went to Hawaii so I had a long flight â $ " so I watched all the seasons , " she told On Air with Ryan Seacrest . "  I caught up on Scandal , I never watched it ... I love Kerry Washington , she is amazing , so it makes the show fun , it really does , it was fun to watch . " Since ABC has 39 episodes available for streaming so far , that 's a proper binge-fest . Presumably she had plenty of healthy snacks . Obama 's husband has his own TV guilty pleasures , with the president previously citing HBO 's Boardwalk Empire and Showtime 's Homeland among his favorites . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The first lady is caught up on "  Scandal " She watched while traveling Hawaii Said she loves Kerry Washington
CNN  Roger Goodell has made a lot of noise lately telling the world how much the NFL has changed when it comes to respecting women . The commissioner tells us he has had an epiphany since his botched decision-making in the Ray Rice domestic abuse case and the resulting backlash from well beyond the sports world . Since then , Goodell said he has visited shelters and spoken to abused women and saw the pain and despair that come to families when women are not valued . His mission is to make amends . He 's updated the personal conduct rules to include a mandatory , six-game , unpaid suspension for personnel who violate the league 's domestic abuse policy . And Goodell wants to make it absolutely clear that the NFL culture has no room for abusive attitudes or behavior toward women -- who are the fastest-growing NFL demographic , making up 45 % of the more than 150 million American fans . It all sounds nice . But strangely , that changed man was nowhere in sight this week as Goodell responded with not only disrespect but disdain when CNN reporter Rachel Nichols respectfully questioned him during the NFL State of the Union press conference during Super Bowl week in Phoenix . Nichols was correct to ask Goodell about the league 's conflict-of-interest problem as it pertains to the internal investigation process in cases of domestic abuse , or allegations of cheating on the field , such as Deflategate . "  When you do something like hire an outside investigator like Ted Wells into the Patriots investigation , you 're still paying him and Robert Kraft , who owns the Patriots , is paying you , " Nichols said , referring to Wells , who is investigating Deflategate . "  What steps can you guys take in the future to mitigate some of those conflict-of-interest issues ? " Nichols was spot on . Not only did she raise a legitimate concern but she struck at the heart of the "  integrity " issue plaguing the league . An issue Goodell says he wants to address . But it seems he only wants to address the problem on his own terms . "  Somebody has to pay them , Rachel , and unless you 're volunteering , which I do n't think you are , we will , " was Goodell 's snarky and condescending response . Roger has a lot to learn . The first step toward respecting women begins in the workplace -- valuing our voices , our intelligence , and our hard work -- especially when it goes against the grain in a male-dominated culture . Our innovation should be encouraged . Clearly , the commissioner is struggling with this part . Instead , Goodell gave viewers a look at what happens to women in his workplace when they dare to challenge norms , or challenge him . Hearing Goodell 's response , I cringed . And if Twitter is any indicator , so did many women and many men who understand the code language of the Boys Club . @espn1420 tweeted : "  So , Roger Goodell got defensive , then he actually attacked Rachael Nichols ' integrity ... getting a little nervous , Mr. Commish ? " From @janesports : "  Given that Rachel Nichols is trending , I 'd say Roger Goodell undermined that message of humility and change . #NFL " For many women who 've worked in corporate America , Goodell 's chastising sounded familiar . We have all been there . The belittling comes in many forms . And it is often constant . For me , while at ESPN , it was a senior colleague who liked to speak for me at meetings whenever he thought an idea I suggested or a comment I made was out of line and did not fit his agenda . "  What Rox means is ... " he 'd offer with a chuckle , before completely taking over the conversation . Never mind that we were n't friendly enough for him to give me a pet name , or , that he could have no possible idea what I meant since we 'd never spoken about the topic at hand . It took me a few years to build enough confidence to counter my colleague , by saying -- ` No actually , I meant exactly what I said . But thank you for having my back on this ... ' Luckily for me , most of the men I worked with at ESPN were respectful and supportive . Pet names , talking over you , and belittling your questions as Goodell did with Nichols , are common strategies men sometimes use to degrade women in the workplace and label us not ready to play with the big boys . Nichols handled Goodell 's slight with grace . She said nothing and instead let him indict himself with a string of sarcastic comments . Good move . Everyone in that room knew Goodell was out of line . And worse , his comments were bad for business . The NFL 's future depends on women . In fact , from 2009 to 2013 , female viewership overall was up 26 % , compared with an 18 % rise for men . Yes , women are changing the game . And we demand respect . But we realize that shifting a culture is not easy . Long-held attitudes will not disappear overnight . But with the right leadership , change can slowly happen one day at a time , one mind at a time . So let 's give the commissioner credit . He 's realized that negative attitudes about women need to change around the league . It just has n't dawned on him yet how closely we are all listening and watching his every move . And it will take more than a compelling TV commercial and star-studded , multimillion-dollar marketing campaign to convince women that the NFL is serious about respecting us . Roger Goodell will have to show us that his own actions can live up to his lofty words .	CNN reporter Rachel Nichols calls out Roger Goodell at a press conference Roxanne Jones : The NFL 's future depends on women ; Goodell and others should show respect
Spencer , Iowa  CNN  -- Joni Ernst takes running for Senate literally . Try keeping up with her as she races through a rainy parade . It 's a workout . Ernst does n't march , she sprints -- darting side-to-side , shaking as many hands as possible -- a lieutenant colonel in the Iowa National Guard recruiting potential voters for her campaign . The Iraq War veteran and little-known conservative Iowa state senator burst onto the political scene earlier this year with the TV ad of the political primary season . Smiling straight to camera , Ernst says in the ad that she knows how to cut pork because she grew up on a farm castrating pigs . The squealing pigs in the background became a trademark of her campaign . She decisively beat three GOP primary opponents with the support of a broad coalition of Republican groups -- rare in these divided times for the GOP . Still , Ernst 's conservative views , combined with her interesting personal story and boundless energy , have made her one of this election yearÂ ¹ s most high-profile tea party favorites . The problem for Ernst is that while Iowa has its share of conservatives who vote in GOP primaries , and of course its first in the nation presidential caucuses every four years , it is actually a relatively moderate state . And Ernst is running for an open Senate seat being vacated by Democrat Tom Harkin , a venerable liberal in the state and nationwide . With a new CNN/ORC poll showing just a 1-point difference between Ernst and Democratic opponent Bruce Braley , well within the margin of error , it 's no surprise that Ernst is trying to moderate her image . When we asked whether she wanted to be a senator in the mold of Ted Cruz , the freshman conservative firebrand from Texas , without missing a beat she replied , "  Oh , no . " "  I 'm a senator in the mold of Joni Ernst , just an independent leader who will represent Iowa , " Ernst told CNN . Ernst says she was harassed in the military Make issues the issue Democrats working to elect Braley believe best the way to beat Ernst and keep this seat in Democratic hands is to steer the conversation away from her persona and toward her position on issues , which Democrats argue fall well out of the mainstream of Hawkeye State voters . "  Ernst and the people supporting her do n't seem to want to engage and talk about where she stands on the issues , " Braley said . With primary over , Iowa Senate race gets ugly Ernst did answer some of our questions about those issues . That includes when she was a state senator and co-sponsored personhood legislation , which would legally mean life begins at conception . It 's a position some self-described pro-life voters do not support , but Ernst stands by it . "  I promote a culture of life . I promote life . That 's the person I am , " Ernst told us . One of the practical results of the personhood measure -- life starts at conception -- is that it would likely outlaw some forms of birth control . She tried to distance herself from that notion , telling us , "  Heavens , no . " "  I am someone who supports a woman 's right to birth control , absolutely , so to say that is absolutely false and misleading , " she said . "  So , if women would like to talk to me about those items , I am happy to talk it over . Birth control yes , and promoting a culture of life , yes . " On pocketbook issues , Ernst opposes a nationwide , federal minimum wage , which Braley 's campaign thinks is so harmful politically to her that it 's running ads and talking about it nonstop . She explained to us that she does n't believe minimum wage should be a "  one size fits all approach , " but rather state by state . "  We really do need to have a minimum wage that is set based on local economies . And I think the state is best to do that , " Ernst said . She said she believes the current minimum wage , $ 7.25 per hour , is "  appropriate for Iowa , but that 's up for our state legislators to decide , and I 'm willing to have those discussions at the state level . " When we pointed out that a lot of families live on minimum wage , she replied , "  It 's a beginning wage , it should n't be the wage they survive on forever . " Ernst : Savvy , rebellious or both ? Ernst is the beneficiary of millions of dollars from outside groups funded by the Koch brothers and other big national donors . She has no shortage of strategic help from GOP operatives on a national level , hoping this will be one of the six seats Republicans need to win the Senate . But she does n't always take the advice she gets . On our three-hour drive from Des Moines to Spencer , we got a call from one of her operatives informing us that our scheduled brief interview was canceled . "  No more national interviews for a while , " was what we were told . But when we arrived and approached Ernst , instead of avoiding us , she greeted us warmly and answered several questions along the parade route . Whether that was savvy  avoiding unflattering pictures of her running away  or rebellion against Washington advisers , it was a telling level of sophistication for a first-time statewide candidate in a high-profile race . Braley working to repair his image As for her Democratic opponent , he , too , has a comfort level and natural rapport with voters -- characteristics that fly in the face of the unfortunate image of an out-of-touch Washington insider he helped inflict on himself with a series of early gaffes . The congressman complained about no towel service in the House gym during the government shutdown . And Braley was caught on tape disparaging Iowa 's popular senior GOP Sen. Charles Grassley and farmers -- a big Iowa no-no -- by calling Grassley a "  farmer from Iowa who never went to law school . " While walking with us through the quiet streets of his hometown of Brooklyn , Iowa , Braley owned those mistakes without being defensive . "  All of us say things that we regret . And if you grow up in Iowa , the important lesson to learn is that if you make a mistake , you take responsibility for it , and that 's what I did , " he told CNN . First lady to campaign for Democrat in tight Iowa Senate race He brought us to this small Iowa town where his mother still teaches school at 85 and he started a paper route in third grade , facts that Braley hopes can beat back a narrative that Republicans seized on after his rhetorical stumbles : that he 's a Washington creature now who ca n't relate to Iowans . "  I 've baled hay , I 've worked farms , I was a truck driver , a construction worker . I was a janitor in this town . I learned the value of hard work from the people I grew up here with , " Braley said . "  They taught me that it 's important to respect other people , to be a good listener , and to work hard and fight for people who do n't have an ability to be their own voice . And that 's what I 've done in the House and that 's what type of senator I 'd be , " he told us . While Iowa is n't conservative , is certainly is n't ultraliberal . Tom Harkin , feted by the Clintons at his final famous steak fry over the weekend , is a unique public figure in the state -- quite popular statewide despite his openly liberal leanings . Still , Braley told us he would be "  a progressive problem solver in the mold of Tom Harkin . " Congressman apologizes for #TrailofTears tweet Gender gap , even with a GOP woman on ballot If Ernst , a 44-year-old mother and stepgrandmother , were to win this seat , she would be the first woman senator from Iowa . But the new CNN/ORC poll shows that 57 % of women voters in Iowa support her male , Democratic opponent . The traditional gender gap between the parties still exists here , even with a Republican woman on the ballot . We only had a chance to ask Ernst one quick question about gender along the parade route here -- why she thinks so few of the 20 women U.S. senators are Republican ?  There are four GOP female senators  . "  That 'd is a really good question . You need to ask the voters in all those other states , " she said abruptly before racing off to shake more hands of potential voters . Finally , a Democrat who wants Obama to come Like many Democrats on the ballot this year , Braley is weighed down by an unpopular president , whose approval rating here now stands at just 37 % . That 's remarkable , considering that Iowa is where Barack Obama 's big 2008 caucuses win knocked Hillary Clinton off her White House path -- and where Obama beat GOP rivals in 2008 and 2012 . If Republicans take control of the Senate for Obama 's last two years in office , it would likely sting even more if Iowa elected a Republican and helped deliver that blow to the President . Still , while Democratic candidates in red states keep their distance , Braley does not . "  If the President has time in his schedule to come to Iowa in this campaign , I 'd welcome him , " he said . "  Iowans are the type of people who welcome somebody of significant importance , and that would certainly include President Obama . Even though they may disagree with him , every four years we welcome people of both parties to come and talk about important policy issues , and I think that would be one of the reasons why it would be alright for President Obama to come to Iowa , " Braley explained . "  Come on , President Obama ! " That was Ernst 's reaction when we about her opponent 's willingness to host the unpopular Democratic President on the campaign trail here . "  I think that would be wonderful , " Ernst told us , barely hiding a mischievous smile . In Iowa , DREAMers confront Clinton CNNs Adam Levy contributed to this report	Iowa Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst raised her profile with pig castration ad Democratic opponent Bruce Braley stumbled into "  out of touch with Iowa " tag In the moderate state , Ernst might lean too far to the right , Braley too far to the left
CNN  -- Retrospectives of Sally Ride 's life over the next few days are likely to include the words "  ground-breaking , " "  trailblazer , " "  inspiration " and "  mentor . " And rightly so . She epitomized these words and so many more . To me , she was also a classmate , a crewmate , a collaborator and a friend . Sally and I first crossed paths in the first grade at Hayvenhurst Elementary School in California in 1958 , though neither of us remembered the other clearly . We had a good laugh as we pieced this together 20 years later , when we met as two of the first six women in NASA 's astronaut corps . Sally Ride opens a new frontier for others It was n't the only similarity in our backgrounds . We shared a love for competitive sports , and our college careers revealed that we both loved arts and letters as much as the sciences . The second point paid many dividends later on , in great crossword challenges during crew quarantine and many shared lecture engagements . iReport : Sally Ride inspired me to dream We six women in the Class of 1978 ranged in age from 39  Shannon Lucid  to 26  Sally and me  . Underneath our different professional backgrounds and personal styles , we had many points in common : All six were intelligent , goal-oriented , creative and strong . We each had chosen our career path because it suited our talents and fired our passion , not in pursuit of celebrity . Light Years : Tributes pour in for Sally Ride But we found ourselves on a very different stage . We bonded as we took on the challenges that came with being the first six women in the U.S. astronaut corps , from the glare of the media spotlight to the everyday challenges of the workplace . We were keenly aware that what we did , and how we did it , would lay the ground for all the women who would come after us . We had to do it right . Which is not to say we could n't have fun while we were at it . Sally was one of the quickest wits and keenest pranksters in our class . She was the master of the clever , perfectly timed retort . Sally Ride , first American woman in space , dies A favorite memory is from our first morning in orbit in 1984 . Mission Control woke us up with the standard mix of a bit of music and words to the effect of , "  Good morning , Challenger . Houston standing by . " Instead of the normal response , "  Roger , " Sally launched into an answering machine reply : "  We 're sorry nobody can take your call right now . Please leave your name and number ... " Our grins turned to guffaws when the Capcom replied with his name and a real phone number for Mission Control . We carried her joke on throughout the flight , with everyone taking turns at making up the morning 's fake answering machine message . "  Why was Sally Ride tapped to fly first ? " is a question I 've been asked many times in the past few days . The truth is , none of us ever knew , not even Sally . Whatever the reasons may have been , history will record that the selection turned out well indeed . Sally performed superbly on STS-7 and stepped into the role of first American woman to fly in space with intelligence , dignity and grace . Thank you , Sally Ride With the distinction she earned in 1983 , Sally was free to write her own ticket to life . That she chose to devote her energies to teaching and inspiring others to dream , to dare and to aspire to excellence speaks volumes about her character . She wanted to share her wonderment about the universe and joy of learning with others . She was committed to breaking down the cultural and educational barriers that block so many , especially young girls , from science and the opportunities it offers in life . And this she did , through her work as a physics professor , mentor , motivator and businesswoman . Sally 's place in history is solidly established by her many contributions to science , spaceflight and the American space program . But I daresay her greatest legacy lies in her post-NASA work as an educator and a role model . Light Years : Memories of my space flight with Sally Ride She inspired countless people to reach for the stars Her spirit will live on in each and every one of them and in all of us who called her a friend . Share your tributes to Sally Ride with us on CNN iReport . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathryn Sullivan .	Former astronaut Kathy Sullivan was Sally Ride 's classmate , colleague and crewmate Sullivan says Ride loved pranks , was master of the clever , perfectly timed retort Ride will be remembered for her contributions to science and spaceflight , she says But Ride 's best legacy , she writes , is her work inspiring young people to study sciences
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- It 's the weekend in Cairo and the city 's upper crust is letting loose at The Garden , one of the latest night-time spots to open in the Egyptian capital . The city 's hip young things strut their stuff on the dance floor while cocktail waiters confidently juggle bottles behind the bar . But behind the whirls , twirls and clinking of glasses is some serious investment . Nearly half a million dollars has poured into this stylish venture since it began . "  We have a lot of support from sponsors , from different international and multinational companies that see it as an opportunity to offer their brands and their experiences as well and it makes it way more profitable , " said owner of The Garden , Ismael Kassem . "  There has n't been a better time to open and attract people to positive experiences than the time we are in now . " The Garden is booked out every night and Kassem and his partners are bullish about the future . "  It 's a very profitable and positive business , if you play your cards right and get the right flow of costumers , " he said . "  It would n't take a year , year and a half to get a return on your investment . " Such success is attracting attention of others in the entertainment and nightlife industry . At least five new drinking establishments have recently opened their doors in the city -- a sign the industry maybe slowly shaking off three years of despair . The downturn started with the 2011 revolution that ousted then President Hosni Mubarak . The election of an Islamist President , Mohamed Morsi , in 2012 had the industry fearful for its survival . Morsi would last barely a year in office , however , as a military coup ousted him in 2013 . Through that entire time , a shattered economy was kept down by violence and uncertainty . But not everywhere was suffering . Alchemy , a chic establishment known for drinks with a dash of chemistry , opened at the height of the turmoil in 2012 . According to Alchemy owner and industry veteran , Alex Rizk , the conditions always existed for smartly run bars and restaurants to prosper . "  A lot of investors are looking at what is running and surviving the revolution , and economic prices and that is mainly food outlets , coffee shops and I would say eventually nightlife , " Rizk said . It boils down to one simple thing , Rizk believes . "  People do want to party , do want to forget their daily life a bit , " he said . Building on their initial success , Rizk and his partners plan to open a new club soon . Kassem is also eying three new venues over the next three years , equaling millions of dollars in investment . But this is Egypt , where political and economic chaos persist and neither Kassem nor Rizk take that for granted . "  Of course we are bullish but we are n't foolish , " Kassem said . "  If we find it unprofitable , we wo n't go into it . " It 's a delicate balancing act like that performed by the skilled cocktail waiters at The Garden . Both Kassem and Rizk hope it will pay out in dividends . See also : Can Hard Rock Cafe get its groove back ? See also : Gulf looks to rival Paris as fashion capital See also : Meet the Middle East 's king of hotels	Cairo 's nightlife is on the rebound after a tumultuous three years Revolution in Egypt had left many investors in the industry nervous Confidence is now returning with at least five new spots opening in Cairo recently
CNN  -- The Czech Republic remain on course for a second consecutive Davis Cup triumph after beating Argentina 3-0 in the semifinal at Prague 's O2 Arena on Saturday . Tomas Berdych and Radek Stepanek took just over two hours to beat Argentine pair Carlos Berlocq and Horacio Zeballos in straight sets , 6-3 6-4 6-2 . An under-strength Argentina were without both Juan Martin del Potro and David Nalbandian for the tie and struggled from the outset . Stepanek beat Juan Monaco in straight sets in Friday 's opening singles match before Tomas Berdych made it 2-0 with a four-set win over Leonardo Mayer . "  It feels great . This competition means a lot to us and as long as we can keep our winning streak , it 's great . It 's an honour to play in front of a home crowd . They follow us around the world no matter where we play . This is a thank you to them for their support , " Stepanek said , www.daviscup.com reported . The Czech team recorded a thrilling 3-2 win over Spain at the same arena last year . "  Davis Cup means a lot , " Stepanek added , "  it 's special for us , for the whole country . We loved so much delivering the trophy last year -- it never gets old and we 'd like to keep that trophy because it 's beautiful . " Stepanek and co will play either Canada or 2010 winners , Serbia in the final in November . The Canadians take a 2-1 lead into Sunday 's deciding singles matches after Daniel Nestor and Vasek Pospisil clinched a five-set win in Saturday 's doubles match up against Nenad Zimonjic and Ilija Bozoljac . The 6-7 6-4 3-6 7-6 10-8 victory gives Canada a great chance of making their first Davis Cup final . Milos Raonic will lead his countrymen into new territory if he can overcome world No. 1 Novak Djokovic in the Belgrade Arena in the first singles match . Pospisil will play Jarko Tipsarevic , if required , in the fifth and deciding match .	Czech Republic make Davis Cup final for second consecutive year A 3-0 defeat of Argentina in Prague wrapped up on Saturday with doubles victory Canada lead Serbia 2-1 in Belgrade after a five-set doubles victory on Saturday
Bournemouth , England  CNN  -- When Rowena Macintosh was deciding on whether or not to get breast implants , she told the operating surgeon that she was concerned about leaking silicone from the implants . So he placed in front of her an implant and sliced it open to show her how the silicone remained solid inside , assuring her it would not spill out into her body . She said it looked like jelly candy . "  When I was told that there was absolutely no chance of this breast implant leaking because of this ` jelly baby effect ' , if you like . Well , that was about 50 % of the decision because it felt safe and it was guaranteed for 25 years , " Macintosh told CNN at her home in Bournemouth . "  I did n't think to check the manufacturer ... because it 's not something you do . You go to someone who 's supposed to be medically qualified and you trust them , " she said . "  When you go to a doctor , you do n't say : Who makes your medicine ? You just assume they 're going to be safe . " The manufacturer was PIP -- the bankrupt French company that appears to have used industrial grade silicone intending for stuffing mattresses inside breast implants . Now , there are concerns that PIP implants are also more prone to leaking and rupturing . French authorities announced last month that the government would pay for the removal of the bankrupt company 's implants . Authorities in France and England have dismissed fears of cancer from the implants , but have said the devices are prone to rupture and could cause inflammation , scarring and fibrosis . More than 500 French women have had the implants removed since last year , according to the French government agency that evaluates the safety of medical products . Since then , more than 1,000 implants have ruptured , the agency said . Germany , UK weigh in on breast implant concerns Months after her surgery , Macintosh says she began to get burning and stabbing pains in the area . More recently , she has found a hard mass in one breast . She fears that her PIP implants have leaked and she wants them removed and replaced immediately . "  It 's like a ticking time bomb inside me . Until someone says you can have them taken out and put back in again , I 'm going to be worried , " Macintosh says . The problem : Who will pay for the operation ? Britain 's National Health Service does not pay for cosmetic surgery , so an estimated 95 % of breast implant operations are done in private clinics . But now that women are demanding PIP implants be removed , some clinics are refusing to treat them . Rowena Macintosh says she saved up and paid almost $ 8000 for her breast implants , including surgery and after care . But the clinic refused to giver her a scan to detect ruptures , she says , and also declined to consider removing and replacing the implants until there was a proven problem . The clinic refused to comment to CNN citing privacy concerns . "  I think ultimately it 's the surgeons and the clinics , whoever bought the implants and certified their use , that should be held responsible , " she says . The British government agrees , but says there is still no statistical data to show that PIP implants are either toxic or more prone to rupturing . "  Our advice remains the same that there is not sufficient evidence to recommend routine removal . We have always recommended that women who are concerned should speak to their surgeon or GP , " British Health Secretary Andrew Lansley in a statement . "  The NHS will support removal of PIP implants if , after this consultation , the patient still has concerns and with her doctor she decides that it is right to do so . "  We believe that private healthcare providers have a moral duty to offer the same service to their patients that we will offer to NHS patients -- free information , consultations , scans and removal if necessary , " Lansley said . But if clinics do not follow through , he added , the National Health Service will be called upon to step in and support patients . Ultimately , taxpayers may have to foot the bill in some cases . That 's not what Rowena Macintosh wants . She wants the private clinic and surgeon to pay to remove and replace the PIP implants as soon as possible , but she realizes that may not happen until after a long legal battle . She does n't regret the decision to get implants , she says , but she does wish she had chosen a different , more discerning clinic . "  And to think I 've got mattress silicone inside me and God knows what else they used , " she grimaces over a cup of tea in her kitchen . "  It 's just disgusting , really . "	A UK woman with implants worries about leaking silicone from her implants A French company is accused of using industrial grade silicone The French government has agreed to pay for replacement surgeries there Officials : the silicone is prone to rupture , but pose no immediate health risk
CNN  -- While there 's been no shortage of snow this winter , the barrage of winter storms has left many U.S. cities short of one thing : salt . In New Jersey , record amounts of snowfall have left mayors scrambling for more salt to sprinkle on their roads and sidewalks for safety . The salt situation in West New York has been "  very critical , " Mayor Felix Roque said . In a typical winter , the town 's salt silos would normally be at least three-quarters full at this time of the year , he said . Now , they are virtually empty . They 've had to mix the small amounts of salt they have left with sand to try stretch resources , Roque said . Mayor Steven Fulop of Jersey City , the second-largest city in New Jersey , said its salt shortage also has been difficult . A delivery of salt arrived in Jersey City on Monday -- an order placed two and a half weeks ago . Normally , salt arrives only two or three days after an order is placed . And the shipment is less than what the city will need , he said . Instead of badly needed salt , the city has been "  using pretty much anything and everything we can get our hands on , " including sand and liquid brine , Fulop said . But the New Jersey Department of Transportation says it has enough salt for "  several storms , " noting that its commissioner , James Simpson , has been working tirelessly to acquire more resources . "  In addition to getting salt from our normal channels , the commissioner has reached out to other companies and agencies for salt that we can obtain independently from our normal suppliers , " said Joseph Dee , a spokesman for the department . Daring motorists urged to smarten up before taking on bad weather Rules torpedo salt shipment While coordinating with one of its main salt suppliers , Dee said , the New Jersey DOT learned of a 40,000-ton pile of salt in Maine that had not been spoken for . Its supplier said , "  If you can get a ship to take it , it 's yours , " Dee said . According to the Merchant Marine Act of 1920 , also known as the Jones Act , all commercial goods transported between ports in U.S. waters must be carried on U.S.-flagged ships , but the New Jersey DOT did n't have a U.S.-flagged barge large enough to carry all of the salt in one trip . A waiver of the Jones Act would have to come from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security . A Department of Homeland Security official said Tuesday that no decision has been made on waiving the requirements of the Jones Act . Dee said his department was seeking a waiver so a larger ship without a U.S. flag could make the delivery , but he got "  indications that the waiver was not going to be successful . " CNN first learned of the 40,000-ton salt supply via Twitter . The New Jersey DOT sent a smaller U.S.-flagged barge Monday night to bring about 9,500 tons of salt to New Jersey and expects it to arrive by Friday or Saturday , Dee said . The barge will have to make multiple trips to carry all of the salt , possibly taking several weeks . Dee did not know if more ships would become available to help transport the salt . Still , Dee says , New Jersey is well-equipped to handle any winter weather . "  Clearly we want the salt , we 'd like it as quickly as possible , but we have enough salt on hand , " he said . Some cities are close to their snowiest winter in history Shortages in other areas New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said this month that the long , snowy winter had left New York City and Long Island with salt shortages as well , prompting the state Department of Transportation to move 3,500 tons of road salt to those areas from state stockpiles , according to a statement . The state is also mixing sand with salt to stretch resources , a Cuomo spokesman said . Boston has gone beyond U.S. borders in its quest for more salt , receiving shipments from as far away as Mexico , according to a tweet from CNN affiliate WBZ . The scramble for salt has led many in other states to turn to alternatives to keep roads safe , with some methods of snow and ice removal proving to be cheaper than traditional salt . In Polk County , Wisconsin , cheese brine from factories is used for snow and ice control , said Michael Sproul , program manager at the Wisconsin Department of Transportation . "  Cheese brine is not an alternative to salt , it 's just a cheaper version , " he said , adding that it 's mixed with salt to conserve supplies . "  In Wisconsin , it 's a waste product . For us , it can be used on the roads . Someone can give it to us . We ask them to filter and deliver it , and we use it . ... We 're doing them a favor . It 's just another material that we can use with salt to treat the snow and ice that 's supposed to be close to free . " The brine is effective because it works at a lower temperature than normal salt , said Emil Norby , technical support manager at the Polk County Highway Department . In 2011 , Bergen County , New Jersey , officials used a mixture of salt and water that resembles pickle juice and costs significantly less than salt , former county Public Works Director Joe Crifasi told CNN affiliate WCBS . The county also had an exceptionally snowy winter this year . Other alternatives to salt have included liquid byproducts , including beer waste and beet juice , according to a study by the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies , a New York state-based environmental group . Some communities are dealing with high costs for both salt and overtime for plow drivers . In Oak Park , Illinois , salt is three times the normal price because of high demand this winter , and overtime for plow workers is adding up . The New Jersey DOT reports that it has spent more than $ 82 million for snow and ice removal through February 11 of this year , compared with $ 62 million spent all of last year 's winter season . Even before the last storm , more than 372,000 tons of salt had been used in New Jersey this winter , compared with "  last year 's 258,000 tons for the whole winter , " Dee said . 5 reasons climate change is back in the news CNN 's Ross Levitt , Maria Santana , and Allie Malloy contributed to this report .	Salt shortages are hitting cities across the country , particularly in the Midwest and Northeast Federal rules have delayed delivery of a 40,000-ton pile of salt to New Jersey Some governments are using brine instead of salt , and others have used sand-salt mixtures Costs of snow removal are much higher now than in previous years
Sen. Rand Paul is proposing legislation aimed at eliminating criminal sentencing rules that adversely impact minorities , saying that "  we need some fresh ideas to combat old and festering problems . " The Republican from Kentucky described the measure Friday in a speech to the National Urban League . It 's part of his aggressive outreach effort to African-Americans and other voting groups who do n't traditionally back Republicans . Paul is trying to expand the GOP base and lay the groundwork for a potential 2016 campaign for the White House . His address highlighted sentencing reform , expanded voting rights , and education reform . It came one day after two other possible Republican presidential hopefuls , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , also touted similar reforms . Sentencing reform is one of Paul 's signature issues . As he 's done in previous speeches , he told the audience gathered in Cincinnati that the nation 's criminal justice system is still stacked against minorities . "  Three out of four people in prison right now for non-violent crimes are black or brown . Our prisons are bursting with young men of color and our communities are full of broken families , " Paul said . Rand Paul fights for felon voting rights "  There is a cycle of poverty that often leads to drugs , to debt , and to prison . In prison , child support can accumulate into the thousands of dollars . Release from prison then finds that employers do n't want to hire a convicted felon . "  With few options of real work , the cycle begins again . I say enough 's enough . I wo n't sit idly by and watch our criminal justice system continue to consume , confine and define our young men . I say we take a stand and fight for justice now , " Paul said . He then pointed out that the current legal distinctions between crack and powder cocaine have led to longer jail terms for the possession of crack . While he said that progress has been made in reducing those distinctions , Paul added that he was introducing legislation on Friday that "  eliminates any disparity between crack and powder cocaine . " Paul also touted that he 's working with Democrats , like Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey , on a bill that would expunge records , under certain circumstances , of non-violent and youth related crimes . And , he 's rubbing shoulders with Attorney General Eric Holder on sentencing reform as well as some Republican governors . Rand Paul and his Democratic buds Paul 's other pitches Paul also used his address in front of the National Urban League convention to make another pitch for expanding the voting rights of ex-cons . "  Nationwide , five million people are prevented from voting because of their criminal record . It 's the biggest impediment to voting in our country . I want more people to vote , not less , " Paul said . He described himself as "  a Republican who wants to restore a federal role for the government in the Voting Rights Act . " Paul twice quoted from Martin Luther King Jr. in his speech to the century-old civil rights organization . And Paul again mentioned King as he continued his crusade against the federal government 's current surveillance activities . "  Dr. King 's ' I Have a Dream ' speech inspired the world but it also prompted the FBI to tap his phone illegally and spy on tens of thousands of Americans . Today , all Americans should be concerned that the government is collecting the records of Americans , " he said . "  Frankly I think what Americans do on their cell phone is none of the government 's damn business . " On education reform Paul attacked the status quo and proposed shifting the power away from government . "  Washington has no clue how to fix education . Washington does n't know if whether you 're a good teacher or a bad teacher . We should allow innovation to occur at the local level . I propose that we allow school charters , school choice , vouchers , competition . Competition breeds excellence , " Paul said . And Paul also touted a plan to increase investment and job creation by moving control of some tax monies away from Washington and into state and local hands . "  I have a 10-year plan for areas of high unemployment and poverty , to lower taxes and promote employment , " Paul said . Rand Paul : Will his star continue to rise ? Christie and Ryan also make pitches Some of Paul 's language sounds similar to what Christie is saying . Thursday night , he and the chairman of the Republican Governor 's Association once again said that there 's far too many people sitting in prisons for non-violent drug crimes and called on Republicans to focus on people not just before they 're born but after as well . "  I 'm pro-life and if you 're pro-life , you have to be pro-life when they get out of the womb also , " Christie said in an appearance at the Aspen Institute in Colorado , repeating comments he made last month at a major social conservative gathering . Gov. Christie : ` You have to be pro-life when they get out of the womb ' Christie said the justice system must stop stigmatizing the disease of drug addiction and focus more on rehabilitation . "  We do n't give them any kind of significant treatment , long-range treatment , and then we release them . And then we wonder why they go back and commit more crimes to support their habit , " Christie said . The potential 2016 presidential candidate also said giving drug addicts treatment instead of prison time would help the economy too . Earlier Thursday , Ryan , spelled out his plan to fight poverty , a pilot program that would combine 11 federal programs into one pool of money for participating states . Paul Ryan lays out new poverty plan According to the plan , which the Wisconsin Republican detailed in a speech to the American Enterprise Institute , states would voluntarily submit their own anti-poverty proposals in order to get money . "  If everything passed muster , the federal government would give the green light , " the House Budget Committee chairman said in a speech to the Washington-based think tank . "  And the state would get more flexibility . It would get to combine into one funding stream 11 different programs , things like food stamps , housing assistance , child care , and cash welfare . " The GOP , under the direction of Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus , last year released a report that acknowledged the party 's problem in reaching out to younger and minority voters , who overwhelming went for President Barack Obama and the Democrats in the 2012 election . The report included hundreds of recommendations for the party .	Rand Paul wants to alter criminal sentencing rules that adversely affect minorities His National Urban League speech is part of his stepped-up outreach effort New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has sounded similar themes
CNN  Nursing mother Lauren Modeen has taken to Twitter to ask why Delta Air Lines forced her to check her breast pump . Modeen was boarding Delta Flight 2034 last week traveling from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport to Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport . It was her second flight of the day for a business trip that would keep her away from her baby for four days . The gate agents would n't allow Modeen to board the January 19 flight with her breast pump , which was packed in her standard carry-on suitcase , Modeen said . She also had her purse and a cooler with ice packs to transport her breast milk . Delta and other airlines allow one carry-on bag and one personal item , such as a purse , for free . Medical devices , strollers and certain other equipment are also allowed and do n't count against a traveler 's carry-on allowance , according to airline policy . The gate agent first told her that she needed to consolidate her luggage , even after Modeen says she told the agent that the suitcase included a medical device . "  She then said the computer just gave her a message stating that all passengers starting with me would need to check their bags , " Modeen told CNN . "  When I later entered the jet bridge , passengers lining up behind me had their suitcases . " Passenger Peggy Flanagan , who says she does n't know Modeen , said she saw and heard much of the exchange as she was waiting in line to board the aircraft . "  I saw a young woman who seemed really troubled , and the ticket agent continued to say , ` you ca n't take it on ; you 're going to have to check your bag , ' " said Flanagan , executive director of the Children 's Defense Fund of Minnesota . "  She kept saying , ' I have a medical device I need to bring with me on the plane , ' over and over , visibly upset , " Flanagan told CNN . "  The ticket agent and her supervisor , who she eventually called over , were not helpful and not supportive . " "  When I got onto the flight , there were at least five available spots in the overhead bins , " Flanagan said . Even if the flight had been full , Flanagan said , they could have asked for volunteers to check their luggage so Modeen 's breast pump could be carried on the flight . "  There was no initiative to help her . " Modeen , who could n't pump for eight hours , finally picked up her breast pump in her suitcase at the Minneapolis-St . Paul airport baggage claim , she said . "  Delta supports the rights of women to breastfeed , " Delta spokeswoman Lindsay McDuff wrote in an email . "  Breastfeeding and breast pumps are permitted aboard any Delta flight and in Delta ground facilities . We have apologized to the customer for her experience . " Delta 's policy on its website , under infant travel , explicitly mentions breast pumps : "  Delta fully supports a woman 's right to breast-feed on board Delta and Delta Connection aircraft and in Delta facilities . Breast pumps are allowed on board . " Other U.S. airlines have similar policies . "  Southwest welcomes nursing mothers who wish to breastfeed on the aircraft and/or within our facilities , " Southwest Airlines spokeswoman Brandy King wrote in an email . "  We do not have restrictions on nursing . Breast pumps are considered a medical device and do not count towards the number of carryon items . " "  When flying on an American Airlines flight , breastfeeding mothers are welcome to do so during all phases of flight , " American Airlines spokeswoman Brianna Jackson wrote in an email . "  They are welcome to bring breastfeeding equipment on board as it does not count as a carry-on item . " American 's policy is n't online , but passengers can call the reservations number to get more information , Jackson said . "  No prohibitions on breastfeeding for us , " United Airlines spokeswoman Jennifer Dohm wrote in an email . She made no mention of the use of breast pumps on United flights . Modeen says she hopes to increase awareness around women 's rights to breastfeed and pump on airlines . With her new Facebook page , Boobs on Board , she wants encourage airlines to post their pro-breastfeeding and breast-pumping policies inside all aircraft . She says she pitched the idea to Susanna Curtis , Delta CEO Richard Anderson 's executive assistant , who she says called her to talk about the incident . "  I told her that on behalf of all nursing moms , I would be extremely grateful if this change happened , " Modeen said .  A Delta spokeswoman did n't comment on that conversation . Modeen hopes her proposal would encourage airline staff members , increase flying women 's awareness of their rights aboard and decrease their anxiety around breastfeeding and pumping aboard , she said . It 's not the first time Delta has faced conflict over breastfeeding . In February , a passenger tried to confirm Delta 's breastfeeding policy before flying because her child wo n't drink from bottles or be covered while eating . An official Delta Twitter account suggested that she pump before boarding . Later , the account apologized for incorrectly stating the airline 's policy and said she was free to breastfeed .	A Delta passenger claims a gate agent forced her to check her suitcase The agent would n't budge , even after she was told it contained her breast pump The airline has since apologized
Madrid  CNN  -- Spain will create a new fiscal authority to oversee the new spending cuts , tax increases and structural adjustments included in a new budget presented Thursday . The country is in an economic crisis with an unemployment rate near 25 % , and protests have grown against austerity measures , such as the ones included in the new budget . Despite the budget crunch , Vice President Soraya Saenz de Santamaria said there will be increases in pensions , scholarships and interest on debt . But the budget also includes large reductions in spending in an effort to reduce deficits . The budgets of all ministries will be reduced by an average of 12 % , Saenz said . The package includes a "  road map " of 43 proposed laws that will regulate and tweak various sectors of the economy to spur growth in weak areas and to maintain growth in stronger sectors . For the third year in a row , salaries of public workers will be frozen . "  This is a budget made in a time of crisis , but precisely to get out of the crisis , " Saenz said . Spain , which has one of the largest economies in Europe , is fighting to bring down its huge deficit , which threatens the stability of the euro , the currency used by hundreds of millions of people across Europe . Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said in July that the country would cut 65 billion euros  $ 83 billion  from the budget in three years by raising taxes and shrinking bureaucracy . But Spaniards have taken to the streets to demonstrate against austerity measures , and are expected to do so again after expected new cuts are unveiled . Clashes between police and demonstrators in central Madrid 's Neptuno Square resulted in 28 people being hurt Tuesday , two of them police officers , a police spokesman said . The spokesman said 22 people among the estimated crowd of 6,000 had been arrested . Demonstrators said police were shooting into the crowd with rubber bullets ; police would not comment . "  We have you surrounded , " some demonstrators sang . "  We have no fear . " At one point , Spanish police charged demonstrators with batons to prevent them from approaching the parliament , which was in session . The protesters accused the government and the opposition alike of trying to solve the country 's financial woes on the backs of the people . Video from the scene showed police charging groups of protesters with their clubs , but such clashes were isolated . Tuesday 's protest seems to have been the most violent in the capital this year , but it was only one of an estimated 1,900 demonstrations in Madrid in 2012 , according to government figures . The country is suffering from soaring borrowing costs , a banking system leaking cash and unemployment rates at devastating levels . It has been in recession since April , and analysts think the economic situation will get worse before it gets better . "  Growth is likely to be weak for a prolonged period , " said Ben May , an economist at Capital Economics in London . "  More austerity will be needed . " The Bank of Spain said Wednesday that it expects economic activity in the second quarter to continue to weaken . It estimated that gross domestic product will shrink 1.3 % . That would be the third straight quarter of contraction . ` Too big to fail , too big to bail ' Greece may be the country risking expulsion from the eurozone , but Spain 's situation is potentially of much greater concern . If such a major economy were to fail , the repercussions could cause unprecedented havoc across Europe -- and the globe . The Spanish economy is the eurozone 's fourth-largest -- after Germany , France and Italy -- making up around 11 % of the bloc 's GDP . To put that in perspective , Greece , Portugal and Ireland -- the three eurozone countries that have already been bailed out -- combined make up less than 6 % of the bloc 's economy . Prime Minister Rajoy has tough targets to meet in order to cut the deficit . Michala Marcussen , an economist at Societe Generale , says "  substantial efforts " will be required to meet a budget deficit target of 4.5 % . Pension reforms are possible , such as fast-tracking plans to increase the retirement age to 67 from 65 , while taxation and labor markets could also be targeted , Marcussen noted . The budget will be followed by Friday 's release of the country 's banking audit , which is expected to reveal details of the sector 's financial needs . The consensus is that the banks need an injection of around 60 billion euros  $ 77 billion  , and "  too low a number will raise concerns that there are more hidden losses to come -- all the more given the very frail economic backdrop , " Marcussen wrote in an analysis . As it stands , the banks have an estimated 300 billion euros in problem loans on their books , with the full cost of recovery not yet clear . Eurozone finance ministers agreed in June to give aid to Spain 's banking sector , but Rajoy has insisted that the government does not need a bailout . Spain , in its second recession since 2009 , has been dubbed "  too big to fail , too big to bail . " The country also has an unemployment crisis , with more than half those younger than 24 out of work , and almost one in four people overall . Spain 's jobless rate has helped pushed the eurozone 's total unemployment rate to 11 % -- its highest since the eurozone was created in 1999 . Why is the economy collapsing now ? The situation in Spain has developed like a perfect storm , with money being pulled out of the country , despite the desperate need to stem capital flight and support its banking system . This leaves Spain in a precarious financial state , driving investors away , pushing up its borrowing costs and making it more likely to need a bailout . It 's a reminder of how governments are inextricably tied to their countries ' banking systems , essentially the lifeblood of their economy . The struggles in Europe have been exacerbated by continued gloomy news out of the U.S. Al Goodman reported from Madrid , Irene Chapple from London and Catherine Tymkiw from New York . CNNMoney 's Aaron Smith , Alfred Souza and Ben Rooney , and CNN 's Tim Lister contributed to this report .	NEW : Government announces spending cuts , taxes The country is considered "  too big to fail , too big to bail " Thousands of Spaniards have protested in the streets against austerity measures Spain faces recession , has fourth-largest economy in eurozone and high joblessness
CNN  -- In 1997 , Garry Kasparov was defeated by IBM 's Deep Blue supercomputer . It seemed like a watershed moment , recalling the rise of the machines long prophesied in science fiction . Yet in 2005 , a freestyle chess tournament featured teams of humans partnering with computers in various combinations . Shockingly , two amateurs using three fairly weak laptops emerged victorious , beating grand masters and supercomputers in turn . This contrast is fittingly emblematic of two great visionaries of computer science , Marvin Minsky and J.C.R. Licklider . Minsky wrote canonical theories of self-replicating artificial intelligence and co-founded MIT 's A.I. lab . Licklider proposed an alternate vision in his landmark paper , "  Man-Computer Symbiosis " . In Licklider 's view , human intelligence should be complemented by machines , not replaced : "  Men will set the goals , formulate the hypotheses , determine the criteria and perform the evaluations . Computing machines will do the routinizable work that must be done to prepare the way for insights and decisions . ... " Watch Shyam Sankar 's TED Talk Technology is too often viewed through a utopian or alarmist lens , and it 's worth noting that Licklider 's work spanned the sublime and sobering alike . He presaged much of the Internet revolution , and his research led to such breakthroughs as the modern graphical user interface . He also worked on a computer-aided missile defense system designed to collect and present data to a human operator , who would choose the appropriate response . It 's easy to argue that life and death decisions should never be left to machines , but Licklider 's vision was much broader , recognizing technology as an enabler for many human capacities . Since Kasparov and Deep Blue squared off , we have seen numerous examples of man-computer symbiosis , while A.I. relying solely on computers as Minsky theorized it remains tantalizing , yet distant . TED.com : Robots that fly ... and cooperate In terms of catalyzing human potential , the triumph of the chess amateurs in 2005 was just one glimpse of the future . Foldit , an online video game , allows nontechnical , nonbiologist players to visually "  fold " protein structures , while computers calculate the chemical interactions corresponding to each arrangement . In 2011 , Foldit players needed only 10 days to produce an accurate 3-D model of the Mason-Pfizer monkey virus , a protease whose structure had stumped scientists for 15 years . It was an astonishing triumph of human visual-spatial reasoning , and one of the first major scientific advances to come from playing a video game  though plenty of software engineers I know would argue that video games activate much more creativity than we care to acknowledge  . The tension between the Minsky and Licklider visions has certainly been amplified in the age of so-called big data . Now , consider that most of what we think of as "  big data " is created by deliberate human action : phone calls , Web logs , credit card transactions , etc. . When we hear about big data "  solutions , " they tend to focus on computational approaches -- storage , search and processing -- with human intuition largely absent . Yet the unraveling of big data into meaningful insight may depend just as heavily on the human side of the equation . Why is this ? "  Pattern recognition " is a frequent A.I. refrain , but computers ca n't learn to spot patterns they 've never seen . The high-value targets in big data are invariably human : highly adaptive adversaries such as terrorists and cybercriminals whose ingenuity frustrates even the most advanced algorithms . TED.com : My seven species of robot Yet even the nimblest fugitives leave clues , even patterns -- they 're just buried in an expanding universe of data , a challenge that intensifies as we seek still more data , hoping it will yield more insight . Adaptive adversaries require adaptive responses , and this begins with asking questions rooted in human intuition . While technology can certainly be a force multiplier for good or evil , it 's difficult to imagine a pure A.I. approach reverse-engineering the machinations of a terrorist mastermind . When U.S. intelligence tracked down Osama bin Laden , it was a function of brilliant , resourceful people asking questions and testing hypotheses using a variety of technologies . Cybercriminals , as explored in my first TED talk , tend to target the allegedly weakest links in the network : people . Yet how weak is something that can learn in ways even the most robust automated systems ca n't ? TED.com : All it takes is 10 mindful minutes Cyber security might always be an uphill , defensive struggle as techniques and technologies raise the stakes on both sides . Remember , though , that cyberwarfare is ultimately a human endeavor . Bot-nets , scripts and other automated tools play key roles , but they do n't exist in a vacuum . This cuts both ways : Sooner or later , everyone makes mistakes , even evil genius types . That said , the enemy may well be two amateurs with a few weak laptops . Aspiring good guys must be absolutely relentless in refining the intersection of brainpower and computing power , each of which is vulnerable in isolation . Sometimes , the right combination of humans and technology can reshape the data landscape itself . In the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy , my company partnered with veterans ' organization Team Rubicon to coordinate relief efforts in the Rockaways . It began with identifying the hardest-hit areas and greatest needs . Soon , as help poured in , the focus shifted to tracking projects , allocating manpower , and coordinating more than 10,000 volunteers in real time . Through rapid iteration , a group of determined people using low-friction technology had created a vast , self-regulating system . Each discrete data point was simple enough -- the status of a project , levels of need , locations of assets -- but in aggregate , the effect was transformative . While experience teaches that each approach has its caveats , we have every reason to be excited about the possibilities of human-computer symbiosis . Almost 50 years since the identification of Moore 's Law , and 10 years since the human genome was first sequenced , humans and machines are beginning a new arc of re-imagining and discovery -- together . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shyam Sankar .	Shyam Sankar : Some say computers could attain artificial intelligence superior to humans A more realistic approach is to envision computers aided by human intelligence , he says Computers can spot patterns from the past but ca n't anticipate as people can , he says Sankar : Human thought , aided by computer power , can make sense of "  big data "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pakistan is optimistic about the Obama administration 's commitment to its region and will work with the United States on trying to root out extremism within its borders , Pakistan 's foreign minister said . Pakistani Foreign Minister Makhdoom Shah Mehmood Qureshi meets U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Following a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Pakistani Foreign Minister Makhdoom Shah Mehmood Qureshi cited a "  convergence of interests " between Washington and Islamabad and a "  willingness to work together . " "  I see a lot of hope in the new administration , the new leadership , and Pakistan is willing to work with the American administration to fight extremism and terrorism , " he said Tuesday . "  We are determined to defeat terrorism in all its forms and manifestations . " Qureshi is in Washington to take part in strategic review of U.S. policy to stabilize Afghanistan and neighboring Pakistan . The effort is being led by South Asian security expert Bruce Reidel and Ambassador Richard Holbrooke , U.S. special envoy . Afghan Foreign Minister Rangin D. Spanta also was leading a delegation from his country to take part in the review . He and Qureshi will meet with both Clinton and Holbrooke this week . U.S. President Barack Obama and Clinton tapped Holbrooke as special representative for the two countries , a signal of how the new administration considers Afghanistan and Pakistan intertwined in any solution to the war in Afghanistan and the terrorist threat along their shared border . "  We are consulting very closely with the government of Pakistan on our strategic review of our way forward and I 'm very grateful for the minister 's advice and counsel , " Clinton said after meeting with Qureshi . Last week Obama announced he is sending another 17,000 troops to Afghanistan to fight a strengthening insurgency , which Obama has called the "  central front in our enduring struggle against terrorism and extremism . " The troops will be sent to southern Afghanistan , which borders Pakistan and is a haven for Taliban insurgents . Pakistani officials have expressed concern the deployment will push the Taliban across the border into Pakistan and further destabilize their country . The Obama administration is conducting several reviews of U.S. policy in Afghanistan , including a review by Gen. David Petraeus , the commander in the region . Defense Secretary Robert Gates has said the original mission in Afghanistan was "  too broad " and needs to be more "  realistic and focused " for the United States to succeed . Pakistan is engaged in its own effort against Taliban militants in its Northwest Frontier Provence . The militants , who effectively control the country 's Swat Valley , extended a cease-fire Tuesday as part of an agreement with the government , a deal the U.S. and NATO warn risks granting a safe haven to extremists near the Afghan border . Watch why the deal is being viewed as a capitulation " Swat Valley was once one of Pakistan 's biggest tourist destinations . It is situated near the Afghanistan border and about 186 miles  300 kilometers  from Pakistan 's capital , Islamabad . In recent months , militants have unleashed a wave of violence that has claimed hundreds of lives across the province . The militants want to require veils for women and beards for men and to ban music and television . The fighting has displaced nearly half of Swat 's population , officials said . The central government has long exerted little control in the area , but it launched an intense military offensive in late July to flush out militants . As retaliation for the military presence , the Taliban carried out a series of deadly bombings , beheadings and kidnappings -- and said the attacks will continue until the troops pull out . The Taliban said Tuesday it was indefinitely extending a cease-fire Taliban leaders declared eight days ago after signing a controversial deal with the government to impose Islamic law , or Sharia , in the region . The Pakistani government 's decision now to negotiate with Pakistan has been met with international criticism . Holbrooke has said the Obama administration was "  troubled and confused " by the truce in Swat . Holbrooke and NATO officials have expressed concerns that such an accord could cede effective control of the Swat Valley to extremists .	Qureshi : "  I see a lot of hope in the new administration , the new leadership " He and Afghan foreign minister will meet with Clinton , Holbrooke this week U.S. troops will be sent to southern Afghanistan Taliban militants extend cease-fire as part of deal with Pakistan
CNN  -- An Israeli business tycoon whose company was cited by the U.S. State Department for allegedly having trade relations with Iran has died . Sammy Ofer died Friday after battling an illness , his representatives said . He was 89 . Ofer 's company , Tanker Pacific , recently was named by the State Department as one of seven companies who were involved in trade with Iran , thereby breaching international restrictions imposed as part of an effort to suppress Tehran 's nuclear program . Deputy Secretary of State James Steinberg said Ofer 's company is on the list of businesses "  engaged in activities related to the supply of refined petroleum products in Iran . " Ofer 's company publicly denied the accusations and referred to them as a possible "  misunderstanding . " "  We are acting together with Israeli officials and our advisors in Washington to remove our name from the list of sanctioned companies ... the company does not have any dealings , business or otherwise , with anyone that violates this embargo , " the company said in a statement released last week . The revelation set off a public controversy in Israel , with questions being raised about what dealings the company had with Iran and what the Israeli government knew about such activities . Members of the Ofer family have argued this week that they have acted under the authority of the state of Israel , a claim that was bluntly denied by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . "  We did not approve any docking or unloading of commodities in Iran . Israel has a very clear policy with regard to Iran and no sort of relations with it are allowed , " Netanyahu said Monday . A Knesset hearing into the matter earlier this week was canceled just as it was beginning under unusual circumstances when the chairmen of the committee , Carmel Shama , ended the session immediately upon receiving a personal note . Shama did not disclose the identity of the writer but said "  it did not come from a political or from a business-related source . "	Sammy Ofer was 89 One of his companies was recently accused of having relations with Iran The relations with Iran breached international restrictions , officials allege
Johannesburg  CNN  -- Sunday could not have begun any better for South Africa 's ruling African National Congress , the party of Nelson Mandela . As the autumn sun rose and warmed the seats of the 95,000-seater , calabash-shaped FNB Stadium , supporters poured in from across the country . By mid-morning the stadium was packed to the rafters . The beautiful , melodic songs used by activists through the years of struggle against apartheid until 1994 when Mandela was voted into power filled the stadium . Party activists crowed about the party 's pulling power : no other political party in the country has yet managed to fill the stadium . This was the last political rally before new South Africa 's fifth democratic elections are held . All the major parties staged political rallies , but the ANC sought to present a show of force as it attempts to swat off challenges from the relentless opposition Democratic Alliance and the upstart , Left-wing Economic Freedom Fighters launched a few months ago by expelled former ANC Youth leader Julius Malema . Then the ANC 's leader , President Jacob Zuma , rose to address the packed stadium . Within half an hour of his plowing into a statistics-laden speech , nearly half the stadium seats were empty . A laborious and monotonous speaker at best , Zuma struggled through the speech , igniting only a few rounds of applause from die-hard supporters in the hour-long delivery . It was only at the end , when he burst into his election signature song Yinde Lendlela  "  This Road Is Long , " as opposed to his other favorite , "  Give Me My Machine Gun "  that some energy returned to the crowd . The scandal-soaked Zuma -- who was booed in front of U.S. President Barack Obama , Cuba 's Raul Castro and other world leaders at the same stadium on December 10 last year during the memorial service for Nelson Mandela -- has become the most divisive figure in South African politics today and the pivot around which electioneering and questions about the country 's future have swung . As he spoke , a scandal about the national ombudsman 's report into how he unduly benefited from the building of a $ 25 million palace for him at his rural KwaZulu Natal village was intensifying . A $ 200 million town is also being built near his home , claimed a newspaper . Other scandals have wracked his administration since he came to power in 2009 . Questions continue to be raised about his closeness to an Indian family that employs his son and wife and which landed a private jet filled with 200 wedding guests from India at a top-security military base ; his evasion of more than 700 charges of fraud and corruption due to the influence of intelligence services and numerous suspect business connections by members of his family . In all these cases , Zuma has said that he did not know and that people abused his name to gain favor . Yet , despite the cocktail of scandals and gaffes that engulf Zuma , there is no doubt here that the ANC will win the election on Wednesday and Zuma will be returned to the presidency . According to a South African Sunday Times poll released on May 4 , the ANC will get 63.9 % of the vote , down from the 65.9 % the party won in the 2009 general election . The opposition DA will increase its support to 23.7 % while Malema 's EFF party is expected to get 4.7 % . If there is so much disenchantment with Zuma , then , why is he headed for victory ? History , for one . In Zuma 's speech on Sunday he went through a long list of achievements by the ANC in the 20 years of democracy . It is an impressive roll call : ubiquitous access to water , electricity and health services . About 16 million people are now on social grants while there is universal access to no-fee schools . The dignity of full citizenship has been restored to blacks like me , a powerful , deep act that resonates with many . We still enjoy a free and vigorous press , despite iniquitous new legislation waiting to be enacted by Zuma that will criminalize much newsgathering . Yet this narrative -- which the ANC has harnessed in its election slogan : "  We have a good story to tell " -- is incomplete . Violent strikes over poor services are on a sharp increase , with the SA Police Services reporting a total of 569 protests in three months in South Africa 's wealthiest province , Gauteng . About 122 of these turned violent . Reports of corruption are on the increase , with Transparency International 's 2013 global Corruption Perception Index showing that South Africa has dropped 17 places since Zuma came to power in 2009 . South Africa is currently ranked 72 out of 175 countries . The economy is taking a beating under Zuma , with paltry GDP growth of 1.9 % last year and unemployment at 24.1 %  narrowly defined  or a staggering 36 % if one includes those who have given up looking for work . The EFF has found fertile ground among these disaffected youth , with an estimated 30,000 young people turning up to listen to Malema giving his final election speech on Sunday . So what happens after Wednesday ? Increasingly , South Africa feels like a country caught between its past and its future . For many , the ANC represents the triumph against a heinous apartheid system . The memory of Mandela , so central to that victory , is still fresh . Leaving this party of freedom , which has enjoyed near 70 % majorities in the late 1990s and early 2000s , feels like a betrayal of the struggle for freedom . Yet , slowly , all that is changing . A 63 % win by the ANC , for example , will mean that the party is experiencing its second significant decline in two successive elections . With the growing discontent about its government , it is unlikely that it will claw back these losses at the next election in 2019 . The opposition DA , for long regarded as a "  white party , " is swiftly transforming . Advised by Barack Obama and Bill Clinton 's former pollster , Stan Greenberg , it has encouraged the emergence of credible young black leaders . The EFF , in just five months , has become a force to be reckoned with . But both parties are only likely to give the ANC a real run for its money in the 2019 and 2024 elections . Many are hoping that the ANC will get a scare in these elections and begin to reflect on some of its failures . Among these would be assessing the damage done to the party by Zuma 's scandals , and a return to some regard for the people . Indeed , speculation is rife that Zuma may be ousted should the ANC 's showing in this election fall to 60 % . That is unlikely . Zuma controls about 75 % of the ANC 's national executive committee , and it is unlikely that his allies in that powerful body would cut him loose . Given that scenario , he will continue to inflict damage on the party of Mandela -- and on the nation 's fortunes . That would open the window for a stronger challenge from the opposition in 2019 and beyond . On the other hand , President Zuma could attempt to introduce serious economic reforms to build a proud legacy for himself . That , too , seems unlikely . And so South Africa finds itself caught in a slow , glacial even , journey towards a multi-party future . Loyalty to its past heroes continues to hold it hostage .	South Africa 's fifth democratic elections are held this Wednesday - first since Nelson Mandela 's death President Jacob Zuma is most divisive figure in South African politics today , says Justice Malala Malala : Several scandals have wracked his administration since he came to power in 2009 He predicts Zuma will win power , but ANC will lose share of the vote
CNN  -- Mohamed ElBaradei , who is said to be a candidate for Egypt 's interim prime minister following a military coup , has been regarded as an outsider in his native land because of his international achievements as a diplomat and co-winner of the Nobel Peace Prize . An above-the-fray image hurt him when he unsuccessfully ran for president last year in the country 's first democratic elections following the 2011 ouster of despotic President Hosni Mubarak . At the time , ElBaradei was a Johnny-come-lately to the long grind of ground-level politics . As if to prove naysayers wrong , ElBaradei stayed in the fight for Egypt 's post-revolution government , and he endured as a reformer , becoming an opposition leader . Mohamed ElBaradei : Fast Facts Now ElBaradei could possibly land deep inside Egypt 's power structure , in the nation 's capital where he was born 71 years ago . His political party 's claim Saturday -- that ElBaradei was chosen to become interim prime minister -- was contradicted later in the day by a spokesman for Interim President Adly Mansour , who said a decision had yet to be made . "  I hope I 'll be the Ã © minence grise , " ElBaradei told CNN this week , with a measure of laughter . "  I 'm getting on with the years ... and I think I 'll be much more effective . "  As a lawyer I want always to be within the bounds of constitutional legality but ... we still are between a rock and hard place , " he continued . "  Either you risk a civil war -- and we have quite a few of them around us -- or , as I said , take extra-constitutional measures to ensure that we get the country together . " Like his father , ElBaradei studied law , earning a bachelor 's degree at University of Cairo . He then left the country , traveling as a diplomat . By 1974 , he earned a doctorate in international law from New York University , and a decade later , he joined the International Atomic Energy Agency -- which proved to be a brilliant career move because it eventually led him and the agency to share the Nobel Peace Prize in 2005 . ElBaradei served as chief of the atomic agency for 12 years . He and the agency won the honor for their work to curb nuclear proliferation . As director general of the IAEA , he even challenged President George W. Bush 's claims that Iraq had a nuclear weapons program before Bush ordered a coalition-supported invasion of Iraq in early 2003 . With those international laurels , ElBaradei was among those who successfully pushed for the ouster of Mubarak after 30 years as president . Still , ElBaradei was considered an above-it-all technocrat who was viewed as an unlikely presidential candidate , though he did join anti-Mubarak protests in Egypt despite receiving death threats . He had no official protection during his participation in those protests . ElBaradei was reportedly placed under house arrest by Egyptian authorities , but he defied a government curfew and went to Cairo 's Tahrir Square to join protests in January 2011 . The next month , Mubarak stepped down . In March 2011 , ElBaradei announced he was running for president , and 10 days later , thugs attacked his car , keeping him from voting in a constitutional referendum . The next month , he returned to his first love -- diplomacy and atomic weapons -- and published a book , "  The Age of Deception : Nuclear Diplomacy in Treacherous Times . " The publisher 's blurb states that "  ElBaradei takes us inside the nuclear fray , from behind-the-scenes exchanges in Washington and Baghdad to the streets of Pyongyang and the trail of Pakistani nuclear smugglers . He decries an us-versus-them approach and insists on the necessity of relentless diplomacy . " If that was a campaign strategy , it did n't work : In January 2012 , he quit the presidential race . In an example of how politics can make for strange bedfellows , ElBaradei then criticized the interim military government -- the same military that has now put him in power -- for failing to bring about "  a real democratic system . " It 's clear now , however , that ElBaradei has the attention of Egypt 's generals .	Mohamed ElBaradei was born in Cairo 71 years ago , but has been viewed as an outsider He traveled as a diplomat and chief of International Atomic Energy Agency He unsuccessfully ran last year for president in first elections since revolution He endured , however , as an opposition leader
CNN  -- Torrential rains and flooding since June have affected 600,000 people in 16 West African nations , the United Nations reported Tuesday . People walk in the flooded streets of Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso , last week . The worst hit have been Burkina Faso , Senegal , Ghana and Niger , said Yvon Edoumou , a spokesman for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , or OCHA , in the Senegalese capital , Dakar . So far , 159 people have died , he said . Sierra Leone has also been hard hit , according to the U.N. Edoumou said removing water from flooded areas is a top priority , but powerful pumps are in short supply . "  Some people refused to leave their homes so they are living in floodwaters , " he said . The United Nations has not yet received reports of waterborne diseases , but Edoumou said a real threat exists of diarrhea or , worse , cholera . The U.N. World Food Programme said Tuesday it has begun distributing food to tens of thousands of homeless flood victims . WFP has set a goal of feeding 177,500 people , mainly in Ouagadougou , the capital of Burkina Faso , where 150,000 people have been affected and key infrastructure -- including a central hospital , schools , bridges and roads -- has been damaged . The flooding in Burkina Faso is the worst in 90 years , WFP said . Many of those in Ouagadougou most needing help were already receiving aid from WFP , but those rations were lost in the floodwaters , the U.N. reported . "  It is always the poor and vulnerable who suffer the most from floods like these as their few remaining assets are swept away , leaving them hungry and destitute , " WFP Executive Director Josette Sheeran said . Roads and buildings have been ruined from Mauritania to Niger , the U.N. reported . In Agadez , Niger , a town about 458 miles  738 km  north of the capital , Niamey , close to 988 acres  400 hectares  of vegetable crops and hundreds of livestock were washed away . Herve Ludovic de Lys , head of OCHA in West Africa , said natural disasters have a lasting effect that unravels years of progress against poverty . "  The situation is very worrying , " he said in an OCHA statement issued Tuesday . The rainy season in West Africa begins in June and continues through late September . In 2007 , 300 people died and 800,000 were affected by the storms . This year , fears abound that more heavy rain will fall in already waterlogged areas . Despite the misery , Edoumou said the rains are a mixed blessing for countries dependent on agriculture . The harvest this year will be more bountiful , he said .	U.N. begins distributing food to tens of thousands of homeless flood victims U.N. says 159 have died due to flooding ; key infrastructure damaged Waterborne diseases like cholera are a concern , U.N. official says "  It is always the poor and vulnerable who suffer the most from floods , " official says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A veteran of over 20 years of mountain climbing , Dave Bunting has been in some pretty tight scrapes . Soldier mountaineer Dave Bunting on Mount Everest . His team tried to summit via the mountain 's notorious West Ridge in 2006 . He and his climbing partner once watched in terror as a huge avalanche careered down a Himalayan mountainside straight for them . They were miraculously spared when the wall of snow parted on either side of the promontory where they were standing at a distance of just 50 meters . On another occasion he spent an agonizing night hanging precariously over a 3,000-foot  900 meter  drop during an electrical storm in the Alps . He estimates he was electrocuted "  half a dozen times " during the course of the night . Faced with the fearsome power of nature mountaineers like Bunting rely on one indispensable ally -- other mountaineers . Teamwork is essential in climbing . The first successful ascent of Everest was as much about the bond of trust that existed between modest New Zealander Sir Edmund Hillary and his diminutive Sherpa , Tenzing Norgay , as their individual talents . To illustrate this point , when Bunting -- a warrant officer in the British Army -- was compiling a team of soldiers to attempt an ascent of Everest 's notorious West Ridge the first quality he and the rest of the selection panel looked for was not climbing expertise , but compatibility . "  A lot of people think that when you go and do something like that , you immediately look for all the best climbers in the army , " he says . "  But what we based our selection process on , compatibility was first . " Of course , all team sports rely upon a strong dynamic between the individual members . But there can be few disciplines in which the stakes are as high as in mountain climbing , where your life often literally rests in someone else 's hands . Bunting , 40 , led the expedition of 21 army mountaineers to Everest 's West Ridge two years ago . It was a daunting undertaking . Of over 2,200 climbers who have made it to the top of the world 's tallest peak since it was first conquered , only 19 have done so via this route . The ridge is rarely attempted because of its steepness and because its position leaves it exposed to high winds and the risk of avalanche . The army 's summit attempt took three and half years in the planning and preparation and was the subject of a documentary , ` Everest : Man v Mountain . ' Much of this build-up involved establishing strong bonds between team members . Practice climbs , social events and corporate-style teambuilding days were all employed to try to instil an atmosphere of mutual trust within the group . An essential factor on a mountain as significant as Everest , Bunting says . "  You are massively wrapped up in emotions there because you 've spent three and a half years preparing for it , " says Bunting , who now runs his own outdoor events company in the Bavarian Alps . The prestige of getting to the top of Everest can sometimes blur a climber 's moral judgement , leading to acts of single-mindedness that border on the downright callous . During the same season as Bunting 's army expedition , David Sharp , a 34-year-old British climber died of cold , exhaustion and lack of oxygen on his descent from the summit . As details of Sharp 's death became public it emerged that 40 climbers had passed him , making no attempt to save the stricken climber as he lay stranded in the scant shelter of a rock alcove on the mountain 's northeast ridge . The incident drew much soul-searching in the mountaineering world , with Sir Edmund Hillary complaining to New Zealand 's Otago Daily Times of the "  horrifying " attitudes it revealed . "  On Everest  a lot of people are out for themselves completely , " says Bunting . He says this selfish streak is exacerbated by the fast turnover of commercial climbing expeditions , which often meet for the first time just a couple of weeks before a summit attempt , meaning there is little opportunity to build team morale . By contrast , among Bunting 's army mountaineers the needs of the group were always put before personal ambition . He gives an example : "  As we went for the summit there were a number of support teams , one of whose job it was to break trail from base camp right the way up to 7,500 metres , clambering through two foot of snow . "  Each step you take at those altitudes is absolutely horrendous . There 's a clip in the documentary of one of the lads breaking trail , every step up to his knees in snow , and you hear him say : ` Well , this is our job so we 've got to get on with it . ' "  A brilliant demonstration of teamwork . " The biggest test of this togetherness came when Bunting was left the unenviable task of telling his team of ambitious young soldiers he was abandoning the summit attempt because of a high risk of avalanches . "  Two or three of the guys were pretty pissed off , to be honest . "  Instead of getting wrapped up in emotions -- because Everest is a very emotional place -- I looked at it in very black and white terms . I could n't risk sending my team up the mountain with that kind of real and present danger involved . " This clear-headed thinking meant his team braved one of the most dangerous climbs in the world and made it back down again , together .	Army officer Dave Bunting recruited a team of 21 soldiers to summit Everest The 2006 attempt was via the mountain 's notoriously dangerous West Ridge They spent over three years preparing by building cameraderie and team spirit Bunting says personal ambition can sometimes get the better of climbers on Everest
CNN  -- It 's not quite the achievement of a lunar landing , but astronaut Mike Massimino made Twitter history with a 139-character post to the micro-blogging site -- the first person to do so from space . A seven-member crew aboard space shuttle Atlantis is headed to the Hubble Space Telescope to make repairs . "  From orbit : Launch was awesome !! I am feeling great , working hard , & enjoying the magnificent views , the adventure of a lifetime has begun ! " he wrote at 4:30 p.m. ET Tuesday . With the tweet , Massimino kept his promise to file updates from the space shuttle Atlantis as it readies to repair the Hubble Space Telescope . Massimino began tweeting in early April as he prepared for the mission . By early Wednesday , his Twitter feed , astro_mike , had more than 241,000 followers . Atlantis launched Monday afternoon with Massimino and six other crew members . It is NASA 's fifth and final repair visit to the Hubble . The crew was expected to arrive at the space telescope on Wednesday . Watch Atlantis launch for Hubble mission " "  I 'm going to put my spacesuit on , next stop : Earth Orbit !! " Massimino posted on Twitter on Monday morning before the launch . Ironically , another Twitter user , astromike , has tweets that are more down-to-earth : "  House-cleaning day . I dusted everything that has a horizontal surface , " and "  Will make "  blender waffles " when the girls wake up . From whole wheat kernels to waffles in 10 minutes ! " Another astronaut , Mark Polansky , is posting Twitter updates as he prepares for the next planned space shuttle mission to the International Space Station . Polansky , who is tweeting as astro_127 , will be the commander of the mission , scheduled for June .	Astronaut becomes first person to post to Twitter from space Mike Massimino tweets "  the adventure of a lifetime has begun " Massimino , six others headed to Hubble Space Telescope to make repairs
CNN  -- Russian billionaire Oleg Deripaska has dismissed the markets rout that followed the Federal Reserve 's suggestion it would wind back its stimulus program later this year as "  very emotional . " Deripaska , speaking to CNN at the St Petersburg International Economic Forum , said the reaction on Russian markets -- which included a 4 % drop in stock prices -- was "  disproportionate " to the country 's economic situation . Deripaska also played down the significance of Russia 's pledge to crack down on tax evasion as part of an agreement with other G8 leaders . Russia : We can survive if Fed winds down stimulus Deripaska , who Forbes estimates to be worth $ 8.5 billion , told CNN the Russian president 's plans "  would n't change anything for us . " The comments were "  sort of warning ... keep paying taxes , " he said . CNN Twitter chat : Africa on the rise as BRICs fall ? The Fed 's hints it would dial back its cheap money program come as Russia expects a loosening of economic policy under its new bank head , Elvira Nabiullina . At 8.25 % , the country 's interest rate is high for developing economies and , according to Deripaska , the new leadership will help restructure the country 's financial sector . His views echo those of VTB president Andrey Kostin , who earlier told CNN interest rates were too high . Kostin said he expected a change in focus of monetary policy , to become more "  relaxed . " Deripaska said the country produced enough raw materials but now needed to invest money in processing . "  Russia has a lot of opportunity inside Russia to grow , " he said .	Deripaska has dismissed the markets rout following the Fed 's stimulus announcement this week as "  very emotional " Deripaska said the reaction on Russian markets was "  disproportionate " to the country 's economic situation The Fed 's hints it would dial back its cheap money program come as Russia expects a loosening of economic policy
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- An American aid worker died from a gunshot wound suffered in the southern African nation of Lesotho , the Peace Corps said in a statement . Peace Corps volunteer Thomas Maresco , 24 , died in the country 's capital , Maseru , on Friday . "  The deceased was attending a farewell function at the Maseru Sun Cabanas Hotel ... he and a female friend decided to return to the center on foot even though their vehicles were waiting outside the Hotel , " Inspector Lekhotla Mojete , of the Lesotho police , told CNN in a phone interview from Maseru . "  The area the hotel is in is very safe -- with not much crime , but we think they were observed leaving the hotel on foot and when they were returning ,  an  assailant was waiting outside the Hotel , " Mojete said . "  The stranger started making demands of them , which they did n't fully understand and  the assailant  then shot the deceased . " He said the woman accompanying Maresco rushed back into the hotel to get help , but police were unable to find the gunman when the arrived on scene . "  We believe this was a robbery , " Mojete said . A description of the attacker was provided to law enforcement officials by the woman . No arrests have been made yet and an autopsy was scheduled . "  Tom was an exceptional volunteer , leader , teacher and coach -- he was an integral part of his host community where he shared his passion for teaching , music and sports , " said Aaron S. Williams , the Peace Corps ' global director . "  We are deeply saddened by this tragic event , and I ask that you keep Tom 's family , and our volunteers and staff in Lesotho in your thoughts and prayers . " The statement said that Maresco is from Port St. Lucie , Florida . He taught secondary education in the highlands district of Thaba-Tseka since November 2009 . Maresco was scheduled to serve until January 2012 . Maresco 's work also involved HIV awareness in the communities he served , according to the Peace Corps . Peace Corps has 91 volunteers in Lesotho . More than 2,100 Americans have served as Peace Corps volunteers in the nation since 1967 . The tiny country in southern Africa is roughly the size of Belgium or the U.S. state of Maryland , according to the Peace Corps . Its border is completely surrounded by the nation of South Africa . CNN 's Les Neuhaus contributed to this story .	Volunteer Thomas Maresco , 24 , was teaching secondary education Robbery may have been a motive for the attack 91 Peace Corps volunteers are in Lesotho
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A store owner in New York who is being hailed as a hero after rescuing a 4-year-old boy from a burning building said he plans to visit the child in the hospital Friday . Horia Cretan climbed up a fire escape and helped save a boy through the window of a burning building . Horia Cretan , who owns an electronics store in the Bronx structure where the fire broke out , also hopes to meet Christopher 's parents for the first time , he told CNN 's "  American Morning . " The boy is expected to recover , Cretan said . The child was taken to Jacobi Medical Center , where a nurse said she could n't provide his condition . Cretan , who moved to the United States from Romania 15 years ago , said he was inside his store Wednesday when he heard a child 's screams . It was about 4 p.m. , he said , about the time children play outside after getting out of school , but he said the screams he heard were "  totally different . " He reached a fire escape and climbed to the fourth floor , where a firefighter handed the boy to him through a smoke-clouded window , video from the scene shows . "  What I was worried about is , is he still alive ? Because his head just dropped , and he was n't helping himself or helping me , " Cretan said . "  He just could n't hold his weight and he was unconscious . " While the firefighter was handing over the boy , other crew members were trying to get into the building 's main entrance to make their way to the apartment where the fire was , the store owner said . Cretan covered himself and the boy with a blanket or curtain to shield themselves from falling debris and glass , which cut the boy on the leg . Watch Cretan describe the rescue " During the rescue , the boy 's brother stood below , yelling , the rescuer said . Christopher was given oxygen on the ground and taken to the hospital . Cretan said it was n't the first time he rescued someone . He said he rescued his sister from a fire in Romania that killed their father . The 33-year-old Cretan said he was 12 years old at the time . "  It was a sad story , a tragic moment at the time , " he said , referring to the Romanian incident . "  And you know , it had an impact on people around the neighborhood like it does right now . It 's amazing . This just skyrocketed . " Cretan said he 's received messages across the globe about the Bronx incident . "  This has become famous because somebody happened to be on the corner with the camera pretty much . You do n't do things like this for merit . The merit in itself is you save somebody , " Cretan said . "  And the whole community 's just being great . Adopting me like a son , and I 'm a part of a big family and I 'm happy to have them in my life . "	Horia Cretan says he was working in his store when he heard a child 's screams The boy is expected to recover , says Cretan , who plans to visit the child He says he has received messages from around the world Cretan says at 12 he rescued his sister from a fire in which his father died
Washington  CNN  -- Obamacare -- the law that refuses to die -- is suddenly under attack again . Republicans will take full control of Congress in January and repealing Obamacare will almost certainly be one of their first priorities . The GOP is seizing on leaked tapes in which MIT professor Jonathan Gruber , an architect of the law , said the "  stupidity of the American voter " and a "  lack of transparency " were vital to its passage in 2010 . And , perhaps most importantly , the Supreme Court is poised to rule on subsidies that are central to the law . "  We have to take it very seriously . It is hard to predict how the Court will ultimately decide , " said Ron Pollack , executive director of Families USA , an advocacy group that campaigns to sustain Obamacare . It 's a surprising turn of events for an issue that had seemed to move to the back burner in recent months . The law has already survived one key Supreme Court challenge and millions are now insured because of the legislation . And the issue , which was expected to dominate this year 's elections , took a back seat to fears about Ebola and ISIS . The next round of open enrollment for Obamacare begins Saturday . The Supreme Court poses the gravest threat after agreeing to hear a challenge to the crucial tax credits that subsidize health coverage purchased on federal exchanges . In what amounts to a tussle over language , the suit contends that the law permits subsidies to be dispersed only through state exchanges . But 35 states rely on federal exchanges to market health insurance -- in many cases because Republican governors who oppose Obamacare refused to set up marketplaces . To reach consumers in those states , the federal government offers a market place and subsidies . But if the Court rules next year that those federal subsidies are illegal , it could throw the entire health care system into chaos , threaten millions of health plans and send the entire law into a "  death spiral . " Chief Justice John Roberts , who outraged conservatives by saving Obamacare from a previous Supreme Court challenge in 2012 , may again be the crucial swing vote . But there is a chance that even an adverse ruling would not end Obamacare 's life . Harvard Law Professor Einer Elhauge says some states , to protect themselves against possible health care chaos , might finally decide to set up their own arrangements or partner with the federal exchange . "  The prospect of that disruption is sufficiently problematic that I would not be surprised to see a lot of states adopt exchanges , " said Elhauge , who authored a book on the original Obamacare Supreme Court case . Obamacare also faces a political assault from resurgent Republicans devoted to the mantra : "  repeal and replace . " Because so many party candidates vowed to eliminate the law during their election campaigns , Republican leaders in the House and the Senate are under pressure to schedule votes to do just that . But the votes will be largely symbolic . Though they captured the Senate , Republicans are still short of the 60 votes needed to overcome Democratic filibusters . And even if they did put a repeal bill on the President 's desk , there is zero chance he would sign it and destroy his own proudest political achievement . So , as a fallback plan , opponents of Obamacare will likely try to tear it down bit by bit , possibly by attaching bills amending it to must-pass legislation . Plans are piling up . Paul Ryan and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio are teaming up to produce a plan to "  deliver quality affordable health care coverage to American families , " a spokesman for the Wisconsin lawmaker told CNN . Utah Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch has a market based health care plan he wrote with Sens Richard Burr and Tom Coburn . "  Conservatives should ... take advantage of opportunities to repeal any part of the law and replace it with better policies that empower Americans , not Washington , " Hatch wrote in USA Today on Wednesday . Wyoming Republican Sen. John Barrasso , an orthopedic surgeon and health policy expert , warns GOP hopes of repealing Obamacare are not realistic until there is a Republican in the White House but told WPBI radio last month conservatives should "  systematically strip away the worst parts of Obamacare . " But some conservatives want a more radical approach , and recommend repealing Obamacare by using the budget tool reconciliation , which requires only 51 votes -- and , ironically , was used to pass the law in 2010 . But again , Obama would be ready with this veto pen . Some adjustments to the law could draw some Democratic support . They could include a repeal of the delayed employer mandate requiring large firms to provide health care and changes to rules requiring companies to provide insurance to employees that work more than 30 hours a week . Some Democratic senators from red states are eying a repeal of the tax on medical devices , which raises $ 29 billion over the next decade to finance the cost of insuring more Americans . But conservatives might be end up frustrated because none of the fixes that have a chance of becoming law will seriously undermine Obamacare as a whole . "  The parts you could chip away out probably are not going to destabilize the legislation . It gets through with a few bits knocked off -- but it is still there , " said Stuart Butler , a health care expert and senior Brookings Institution fellow . Republican lawmakers determined to kill Obamacare may also find themselves under pressure from the corporate health firms which have spent millions of dollars adapting to the new law are are worried about more disruption . But Obamacare 's capacity to ignite controversy is undimmed . Republican Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell could n't keep a smile off his face on Thursday when discussing the leaked Gruber tape . "  What this insider is saying confirms that they were spinning tales from the beginning -- that they did not tell the truth about ObamaCare , " McConnell said . House Speaker John Boehner 's office said Gruber 's comments proved Obamacare was rammed through Congress with "  arrogance , duplicity and contempt for the will of the American people . " A test also awaits on Saturday with the debut of the second open enrollment period for Obamcare , with advocates desperate to avoid website and other teething problems of last year . The White House is backing efforts , which include mobile apps and targeted social media advertising , to recruit more "  young and invincibles " -- people who are least likely to sign up for coverage but who are needed to offset older , sicker patients to make the system work . The number of sign-ups in the three month enrollment period are likely to play an important role in the political debate going forward . Federal officials last week projected that between nine and 9.9 million people would be signed up to Obamacare in 2015 , lower than the 13 million number previously projected by the Congressional Budget Office .	New challenges have arrived for President Barack Obama 's top domestic achievement Supreme Court again holds law 's fate in its hands Republicans will struggle to ` repeal and replace '
CNN  -- This month , Inside the Middle East gets a rare look inside Saudi Arabia as we investigate the limits of personal expression inside the conservative kingdom . Janadiryah Festival Now in its 27th year , Janadiryah Festival is a celebration of Saudi heritage and a way to help a new generation connect with its past . Just 45 km from the capital Riyadh , Saudis come here once a year to let go , a chance they rarely get in a society where religious laws limit most forms of expression . The festival is sponsored by Saudi Arabia 's all-powerful monarchy who consider it an opportunity to promote traditional culture . Women : Beyond the Driving Issue Despite strong resistance to change from several conservative groups , Saudi women are fighting for their rights more than ever . From the capital , Riyadh , to the Red Sea port city of Jeddah , we discover the challenges that many Saudi women face on a daily basis - from the driving ban to the inability to travel without the approval of a male guardian . Social Media Revolution We meet Omar Hussein , a 25-year-old comedian who found his stage on YouTube . His show Al-Tayer , based on local humor , has drawn hundreds of thousands of hits . He 's part of a growing trend where comedians and citizen journalists are using social media as a platform to address the two-thirds of the Saudi population under 30 . These online celebrities are pushing the barriers of society through their popular , but sometimes controversial talk shows . Edge of Arabia Launched under the banner "  We Need to Talk " , Jeddah hosts the first major contemporary art show ever held in the kingdom . Organizers are encouraging guests to strike up a new conversation about artistic expression and freedom . Comprised of Saudi artists , Edge of Arabia has exhibited from Venice to London but this is the first time it comes home . We went to find out why some consider this exhibit controversial . Watch the March show at the following times : Wednesday 7 March : 1030 , 1730 Saturday 10 March : 0530 , 1930 Sunday 11 March : 1230 Saturday 17 March : 1230 Sunday 18 March : 0530 , 1930  all times GMT	This month , IME investigates the limits of personal expression in Saudi Arabia . The show visits the Janadiryah Festival that celebrates Saudi heritage It then focuses on Saudi women who are fighting for their rights more than ever Last , we meet comedians and comtemporary artists in the conservative kingdom
CNN  -- Americans in two dozen states from the Midwest to the Southeast and Northeast are shivering this week courtesy of a distorted polar vortex . The rush of cold air it 's sending southward is the biggest visitor from the North Pole since Santa Claus . The gifts it brings , however , are chilling and generally unwelcome . Much of the United States has plunged into a deep freeze from record low temperatures . CNN International senior meteorologist Brandon Miller answers a few pressing questions about this phenomenon . What is a polar vortex ? What distinguishes it ? The polar vortex , as it sounds , is circulation of strong , upper-level winds that normally surround the northern pole in a counterclockwise direction -- a polar low-pressure system . These winds tend to keep the bitter cold air locked in the Arctic regions of the Northern Hemisphere . It is not a single storm . On occasion , this vortex can become distorted and dip much farther south than you would normally find it , allowing cold air to spill southward . How frequently does this polar vortex distortion occur ? The upper-level winds that make up the polar vortex change in intensity from time to time . When those winds decrease significantly , it can allow the vortex to become distorted , and the result is a jet stream that plunges deep into southern latitudes , bringing the cold , dense Arctic air spilling down with it . This oscillation is known as the Arctic Oscillation and it can switch from a positive phase to negative phase a few times per year . This oscillation -- namely the negative phase where the polar winds are weaker -- tends to lead to major cold air outbreaks in one or more regions of the planet . Where on Earth can this happen ? The polar vortex can lead to major cold air outbreaks in any portion of the Northern Hemisphere -- North America , Europe and Asia . This will lead to cold snaps in multiple locations , though not always . How dangerous is a polar vortex distortion as compared to a tornado or hurricane ? Completely different type of systems . A cold air outbreak caused by the polar vortex is much more widespread and lasts longer than a single storm . With the widespread drop in temperature , however , you can see significant winter storms develop , especially when the cold air is initially advancing into a previously warm region -- much like the nor'easter this past week . When was the last big one to hit a densely populated area ? Serious cold snaps happen several times a year , though in different regions of the world and with different severities . Last March saw a significant decrease in temperature as a result of the polar vortex pushing into much of Europe . Many locations experienced an Easter holiday that was much colder than their Christmas holiday . The United Kingdom , for instance , had its coldest March in 50 years . If you get caught up in one , what should you do ? Again , it 's not a "  storm " that you get caught in . But when faced with significant cold temperatures , you should stay inside whenever possible , layer clothing if you must be outside , winterize your home and car , etc. . Is it a side effect of global warming and should we expect more events like this ? This is a hotly researched topic . In short , yes , it could be . It seems counterintuitive that global warming could cause significant cold snaps like this one , but some research shows that it could . We know that different types of extreme weather can result from the overall warming of the planet , melting of the Arctic Sea ice , etc. . This includes extreme distortions of the jet stream , which can cause heat waves in summer and cold snaps in winter . Parts of Western Europe have been battered by the worst storms for two decades during the past week -- are they related to the weather system in the United States ? They are related in a sense , but I would n't say "  caused by . " The storms in Europe are the result of a persistent pattern that has seen the jet stream parked near the United Kingdom and Ireland , which has brought a train of storm systems over the British Isles . This is the same jet stream , of course , that has plunged deep into the southern portions of the United States . So , the jet stream has been "  stuck " in a position that is allowing cold Arctic air to spill into much of the United States and Canada . But it is in a position that is bringing warmer , moist air from the Atlantic over Northwest Europe , resulting in the stormy conditions .	Polar vortex is circulation of strong , upper-level winds that normally surround the North Pole The distortion can lead to major cold air outbreaks in North America , Europe and Asia A cold air outbreak caused by the polar vortex is much more widespread than a single storm Research suggests the distortion could be a side effect of global warming
CNN  Somewhere over the rainbow , people on the Internet are losing their minds . Is it real ? After the New York area received a large amount of rain , four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky on Tuesday . Amanda Curtis , CEO of a fashion company in New York , snapped the lucky shot . At first , she thought it was just one . "  But I looked a little bit closer and saw that there were actually four , " she told CNN . "  I had a small moment of awe . " She posted the picture to Twitter , and within a few hours , it had already received hundreds of retweets . "  It 's been surreal I feel like we 're breaking the Internet but in a really great way , " she told CNN affiliate WPIX . According to CNN weather producer Rachel Aissen , this would be a double rainbow that has been reflected in the sky , due to a smooth body of water underneath the rainbow . This is n't the first time rainbows have shown up in multiples . But the splendor of such a scene can render us speechless , even emotional -- much like the star of the famous "  double rainbow " video . CNN iReporter Yosemitebear Vasquez posted a video to YouTube in 2010 reacting to a double rainbow he spotted in Yosemite National Park . The video has since garnered over 40 million views . Of course , we asked the unofficial rainbow spokesman to weigh in on the phenomenon . "  Whoa , that 's a quadruple rainbow ! All the way , " he exclaims . "  What does it mean ? " We do n't know exactly , but the Internet ca n't get enough .	Amanda Curtis , CEO of a fashion company in New York , posted a picture of four rainbows to Twitter "  I had a small moment of awe , " she said
CNN  -- The U.S. Navy has captured seven suspected pirates in the Gulf of Aden , the first arrests by a U.S.-led task force set up to curb rampant piracy off the Horn of Africa , a Navy spokesman said Wednesday . Seven men suspected of trying to pirate a tanker raise their hands before their arrest in the Gulf of Aden . Sailors from the cruiser USS Vella Gulf arrested the men Wednesday in the western Gulf of Aden -- a waterway between Africa and the Middle East -- after a distress call from the 420-foot  128-meter  tanker Polaris . The tanker reported that men aboard a small skiff were attempting to board the ship using ladders , but its crew removed them before the would-be hijackers could get aboard , the Navy said . The Vella Gulf found and boarded the skiff , and the tanker 's crew identified the men aboard the skiff as their would-be hijackers . The skiff 's men were taken aboard the Vella Gulf , the flagship of the task force now patrolling the western Gulf of Aden , and eventually will be transferred to Kenya for trial , said Lt. Nate Christensen , a spokesman for the U.S. 5th Fleet . Piracy has become a chronic problem off the Horn of Africa in recent years , with some pirates operating from largely lawless Somalia . Pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels and hijacked as many as 40 in the waters off the coast of Somalia in 2008 , according to the International Maritime Bureau . The task force led by the Vella Gulf was set up in January in an effort to clamp down on the attacks in the region , the southern approach to the Red Sea and the Suez Canal .	Seven men captured after failed attack on ship , U.S. Navy says Men tried to board tanker from skiff , but crew removed ladders , Navy says Navy cruiser found skiff after tanker made distress call Cruiser was patrolling Gulf of Aden as part of U.S.-led , antipiracy task force
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A woman who survived last week 's Spanair airline crash in Madrid left the hospital Tuesday , saying she was "  born again " by the disaster . Beatriz Reyes has been released from hospital after surviving the plane crash which killed 154 people . Beatriz Reyes , 41 , has been credited with saving two of the three children who survived the crash which killed 154 people . She is the second survivor to be sent home , while 16 others remained hospitalized Tuesday . The first to leave the hospital was a 6-year-old boy , apparently one of the children Reyes helped in the moments after the Spanair MD-82 airliner crashed on takeoff from Madrid 's Bajaras airport Wednesday . "  I saw some kids and I got them out , " Reyes said . "  I think anyone would have done it . " All 18 who survived were seated in the front section of the plane , the only part not to catch fire . Reyes was in seat 5-D . She said she remained conscious throughout the crash . "  I felt a strong blow and then my stomach went up and down , " she said . "  That 's when I knew there was an accident . " She said it was ironic that she was treated in the maternity ward at Hospital Infanta Sofia in the Madrid suburb of San Sebastian de los Reyes . "  On the 20th of August , I have been born again , " she said . She was returning home from a vacation in Germany when she boarded the flight to the city of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands . Reyes said she will continue to fly , a necessity for her job as a bank executive in the Canary Islands . Going home to the Canary Islands , she said , will be hard since the bodies of many of the dead will be arriving there with her . Initially , there were indications an engine might have caught fire as the plane was taking off , but a source familiar with the investigation said that an airport video showed the plane lifting off , veering sharply right , and then dragging or skidding down the right side of the runway . There is a cloud of dust , the source said , followed by a fireball . The crash remains under investigation . CNN 's Madrid Bureau Chief Al Goodman contributed to this report .	Woman who survived Spanair crash in Madrid says she has been "  born again " Beatriz Reyes , 41 , saved two of the three children who survived the crash Reyes remained conscious throughout the crash which killed 154 people
CNN  -- When CNN 's Mike Rowe visited a bird sanctuary on his new series "  Somebody 's Got ta Do It , " he drew some heat from viewers . Ryan Thompson , of Chandler , Arizona , posted this on Rowe 's Facebook account : "  Hey Mike , love the new show ... I watched the last episode with the cranes and the birds suits  little weird ... but whatever  . One question came to mind though -- is that place funded privately or by the government ? I kept thinking it 's one of those places that costs the tax payers millions each year to keep the doors open . " Another viewer , Panier De Fraises , wrote : "  You did a disservice to Operation Migration and the whooping crane project on "  Somebody 's Got ta Do It . " You came across as bored and disdainful . You say you work for the people who watch you and not the people who pay you -- OK . You 're on probation . " Rowe 's response : "  Hi Panier Fair enough . I 've been on probation my whole career , and I 'll be grateful to remain there as long as you can tolerate me . But for what it 's worth , you 're mistaken . I was neither bored nor disdainful of anything I saw at the whooping crane facility . In fact , I was genuinely impressed with Dr. French and his team , and glad to give their program some national exposure . Now it 's true - I did n't swoon in their presence , or behave as though I agreed with every single thing I heard . Dr. French was very clear about why he does what he does - he believes the whooping crane has as much right to exist as we do . I doubt that everyone shares that view . Should they ? Whooping cranes were nearly hunted into extinction , and left homeless as their natural environment was systematically eliminated by short-sighted Homo sapiens . Personally , that makes me sad and angry . Thus , I 'm happy to shine a light on Dr. French 's efforts , and pay some money to see the whooping crane survive . But Ryan asks a very fair question . How much ? More than the spotted owl ? Less than the whales ? Should there be a limit on what we spend to save an endangered species ? Depending on your worldview , questions like these are annoying . But they are nevertheless important , because we 're all in this together . Is the whooping crane more valuable than the snow leopard ? What about the desert tortoise ? Or The black rhino ? Exactly how bad are we supposed to feel when a species exits planet earth ? Is it a tragedy ? An ecological disaster ? Or just a damn shame ? Lot 's of people are currently worried about overfishing -- specifically , the depletion of the worlds tuna stocks . Some people are worried because they 're concerned about the rising price of tuna . Others are worried about its long term viability as a delicious menu item . And others are protesting because they believe it 's morally wrong to eat them . The difference is important , because an individuals worldview will absolutely inform their opinion about basic conservation . According to some other show I just narrated for some other channel , there are approximately 8.7 million species on the planet , give or take 1.3 million .  If a 1.3 million delta seems high , consider that the previous estimate put the number of total species on Earth between 3 million and 100 million , which is somewhat baffling in and of itself .  But here 's the most intriguing statistic -- of the 8.7 million species now estimated to inhabit the planet , approximately 88 % have yet to be discovered , described and cataloged . That strikes me as rather extraordinary . Point is , you could fill a library with what we do n't know about biodiversity . And yet , many people have a deep and abiding conviction about the proper way to discuss the plight of endangered animals . You seem offended Panier , because my attitude did not reflect the seriousness that you believe this topic deserves . You were n't alone . But consider -- many others were equally offended because I gave a platform to a man who believes that all creatures on the planet are entitled to the same right to exist as humans . A lot of people told me that with 7,000 children dying every year from hunger , the plight of the whooping crane was not worth my time . Thus , addressing this topic in a light-hearted television show is guaranteed to offend somebody . If you watch the episode again ,  assuming I 'm still on probation ,  I think you 'll see that we tried to focus on the human elements -- the simple joy that Dr. French and his team take in their work , and the passion they bring to their job each and every day . Experts call it "  congruency , " that rare and wondrous state that occurs when your beliefs and your actions line up perfectly , and net out in a vocation or avocation that you truly love . Dr. French is first and foremost , congruent , and thus , perfectly suited for SGDI . Are his efforts worth the cost ? Was I disrespectful ? Is there no room for levity ? Those are fair questions upon which reasonable people might disagree . But one thing 's for sure -- the cranes are damn lucky to have the good doctor in their corner . And I wish them both every success . " CNN 's Rebecca Angel Baer contributed to this story .	Viewers accuse CNN 's Mike Rowe of doing a "  disservice " to a project aimed at saving whooping cranes Rowe : "  I was neither bored nor disdainful " "  Many people have a deep and abiding conviction about ... the plight of endangered animals , " says Rowe
CNN  -- Shamshiri in Tel Aviv is as busy as any restaurant might be during the lunch hour rush . Nestled in a part of the market area known as Little Persia , Shamshiri is run by Jews from Iran , providing a home away from home for other Iranian Jews . Moluk , the matriarch of her family , is just one of tens of thousands of Iranian Jews who immigrated to Israel during the course of the last 60 years . She arrived in Israel in 1964 from Isfahan , where her sister still lives to this day . In Iran there are an estimated 25,000 Jews remaining in the country , making it the largest Middle Eastern population center for the religion outside of Israel . Moluk , like many Iranian Jews in Israel , still keeps in touch with relatives back home . She says there are no problems between Jews and Muslims in Iran . Jews , she explains , can practice their faith freely in Iran and are not persecuted . But for most in Israel , talk of Iran focuses on the country 's nuclear program and what the government here believes is Tehran 's drive to develop nuclear weapons . The Iranian government steadfastly maintains its program is peaceful in nature . For Iranian Jews living in Israel , the debate about their homeland can not be escaped and in their market community in Tel Aviv there 's a keen awareness of the potential for an Israeli strike . Take Mansour , a spice shop owner . He came to Israel from Iran forty years ago . He says the Iran nuclear issue is a big mess , hard to understand with both Israel and Iran waiting to see who will act first . There are between 100,000 and 200,000 Iranian Jews and their descendants in Israel , and despite the hostile relations between Israel and Iran , they 're still able to closely follow events in their country of origin through internet radio stations like Radis In which broadcasts from Tel Aviv . One caller from Iran to the station says he wo n't be voting in the country 's upcoming elections as he believes they will be rigged . Barouch Davidi , one of the station 's presenters , says that after hearing stories from other callers , he believes the economic sanctions are really beginning to hurt the Iranian regime . It 's a view shared by analyst Meir Javedanfar , himself originally from Iran and who is now at the Herzliya Interdisciplinary Center college in Israel . He says the regime in Tehran is in danger because the economic price being paid for its nuclear program as a result of sanctions is actually "  a bigger existential threat to the Islamic Republic of Iran than to the State of Israel . " The sanctions are beginning to bite , says Javedanfar . A strike by Israel , he continues , should be only as a last resort . A strike , he argues , would be "  bad for two reasons . Number one , it would help the longevity of the Iranian regime . Number two , it could motivate it more to build the bomb . " Back at the restaurant , Moluk is not concerned about the tension over Iran 's nuclear program . "  I do n't believe it , " she says . "  It 's a bluff . We believe in good things . God told us to believe in the best . " On her wall , as if a throwback to earlier and presumably better times for Moluk and before the creation of the Islamic Republic of Iran , hangs a portrait of the late Shah and his son . Iranian Jews like Moluk and Mansour may be hoping for the best but preparing for the worst as politicians negotiate the future in the corridors of power , far away from this bustling Tel Aviv neighborhood .	Iran is largest Middle Eastern population center for Jews outside of Israel Jews can practice faith freely in Iran without persecution , says one Iranian Jew For Iranian Jews living in Israel , the debate about Iran can not be escaped
CNN  -- Authorities found four human bodies abandoned in the Arizona desert Thursday . Initial indications point to exposure as the probable cause of death , said Victor Brabble , a spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection . "  It is probable that they are immigrants attempting to cross into the U.S. , " he said . "  However , we do n't have enough to draw a conclusion on it now . " The bodies were found near Gila Bend , Arizona , about 70 miles north of the border . They have not been identified , the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office said . Immigrants often try to cross the Sonoran Desert 's harsh terrain , and there are many heat-related deaths , Brabble said Thursday . Immigrant rights advocates have warned that even as border crossings decrease , deaths are on the rise as increased border security forces people to choose more dangerous crossing routes . Border patrol officials have argued that more security is necessary to stop smugglers . According to a recent study by the Binational Migration Institute at the University of Arizona , more than 2,230 migrants have died in the state 's desert area along the border in the past 22 years . In the border region of Pima County , Arizona , deaths of unidentified migrants in the desert have become so common the Medical Examiner 's Office has helped create a website to track the deaths and assist family members searching for their loved ones ' remains . On Thursday , a bipartisan group of senators announced a proposal to add 20,000 more border agents , complete 700 miles of fence along the boundary with Mexico , and deploy $ 3.2 billion in technology upgrades similar to equipment used by U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan . The proposed amendment , negotiated by a group of senators from both parties known as the "  Gang of Eight , " is intended to ensure Senate passage of a major immigration reform bill with enough Republican support to persuade the GOP-controlled House to also take up the measure . Journalist Valeria Fernandez and CNN 's Tom Cohen , Dana Bash and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	A border patrol spokesman says it 's probable they are immigrants The bodies have not been identified , the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office says Activists say border deaths are on the rise as security forces more dangerous crossings Border patrol officials have argued that more security is necessary to stop smugglers
CNN  -- Even from the moment they were set down in the Declaration of Independence , Thomas Jefferson 's immortal words "  all men are created equal " have always been awkward and challenging . They 're not awkward and challenging because they 're incorrect . On the contrary , they 're some of the truest words ever put to paper . Instead , they 're awkward and challenging because -- for a nation built by slaves , where only a fraction of the population owned land and even fewer could vote , where an entire gender was held at bay for centuries -- these words were the sand in our collective eye that urged us , always , to be better , fairer and more decent to one another . Stephen Douglas , Abraham Lincoln 's opponent in the historic debates of 1858 , asserted that the Declaration was a contract between Englishmen only . That excluded not only African-Americans and Hispanics but also the Italians , the Swiss , the Asians -- almost anyone but Douglas and a few select friends . Lincoln retorted , "  Why , according to this , not only negroes but white people outside of Great Britain and America are not spoken of in  the Declaration  . ... The French , Germans and other white people of the world are all gone to pot along with the judge 's inferior races . I had thought the Declaration promised something better . " Though he lost that race to Douglas , a greater triumph awaited Lincoln . On his way to his presidential Inaugural , Lincoln stopped in Philadelphia 's Independence Hall and said , "  I have never had a feeling politically that did not spring from the sentiments embodied in the Declaration of Independence . " We are now 237 years into the history of the document that Lincoln so cherished , and even today , Jefferson 's words are still awkward and challenging . We are still realizing the potential of "  all men are created equal . " Equality has come slowly . Less than a hundred years ago , women were finally constitutionally guaranteed the right to vote . Just five years ago , Hillary Clinton became the first woman to make a serious run at the presidency . This March , the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act was approved . Some opposed it or obstructed it because of a provision that would give Indian tribes authority by their own people to bring to justice a perpetrator of violence against a woman . There was also opposition to extending the law to apply to LGBT people and immigrants . Yet despite that opposition , the law finally passed . This week , the U.S. Senate at long last approved a law that has been before Congress in one form or another for decades . The Employment Non-Discrimination Act is a simple bill that would outlaw workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity , protections that are extended to all Americans on the basis of race , age , religion and other categories . The fact that this law does not already exist for the LGBT community will come as a surprise to many Americans . Eighty percent of the public believes that it is already against the law to fire , or refuse to hire , someone because of their gender orientation or identification . As Americans , we trust that Jefferson 's words already apply to everyone , but that dream is not realized . Now , the Senate has brought us one step closer to that goal , offering sweeping bipartisan endorsement to this bill that is supported by broad majorities of Democratic , independent and Republican voters alike . But once again , it appears that the House of Representatives is prepared to stand in the way of progress . Speaker John Boehner said he will probably kill the bill by refusing to bring it to a vote . Boehner 's office is offering three key arguments for stopping this civil rights legislation dead , and each one is more phony than the last . He 's called it a job killer .  Why , then , have more than 100 major corporations -- many in the Fortune 500 -- endorsed it ? And why is the Chamber of Commerce neutral ? He 's said it will increase frivolous lawsuits .  Only if you believe that being able to challenge your boss if he or she fires you strictly because you 're gay is "  frivolous . " And his staff has said this problem is already addressed by existing law .  This one 's just flat-out phony , and they know it . More than half the states in the country lack these protections . Contrast Boehner to another Republican , Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk , who used his first floor speech since suffering a stroke in 2012 to address the issue of workplace discrimination . His speech was halting , but he felt compelled to speak because he "  so passionately " believes in equal rights for all . "  I think it 's particularly appropriate for an Illinois Republican to speak on behalf of this measure , " Kirk said . "  In the true tradition of Everett McKinley Dirksen and Abraham Lincoln , men who gave us the 1964 Civil Rights Act and the 13th Amendment to the Constitution . " Even now , in 2013 , there are those in our society who , like Douglas more than a century and a half ago , cling to a narrow and incomplete view of Jefferson 's immortal words and would prefer for only some of us to be granted the full light of equality . But today I still have hope that folks like Kirk on both sides of the aisle , as well as the broad majority of Americans who support this bill , will stand up , like Lincoln before them , and once again expand the circle of liberty to include everyone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Senate passed a law that would end workplace discrimination against gays Donna Brazile says the GOP might thwart the bill in the House She says the Declaration of Independence 's stance on equality rings loud and true Brazile : Congressional Republicans should extend equality to all people
The world 's car giants go head-to-head as the Frankfurt Motor Show opens to the public . Flaunting the latest releases , the show is a tapestry of hybrid and concept designs from some of the most illustrious marques . But while the German city plays host to glitz and glamor , manufacturers are eyeing a burgeoning class of car buyers more than 6,000 miles away in China , where 200 million cars now run on the country 's ever-congested roads . The world 's largest car market , China is the major battleground for European companies in the 21st century , as premium brands look to exploit a growing population of 1.3 billion people . With European sales in decline and the U.S. market only slowly recovering , China represents a beacon of steady growth at a time of economic uncertainty . Read more : China on verge of worst economic crisis in decades High domestic demand and rising wages are fueling a boom in the world 's second biggest economy , with car sales increasing 11 % in August year on year , according to the state-backed China Association of Automobile Manufacturers . World Bank statistics show that China 's GDP per capita -- an indicator used to measure the standard of living in a country -- had risen 436 % between 2002 and 2012 , from $ 1,135 to $ 6,091 . Watch more : European production for Chinese cars China 's car market will almost match the combined size of the U.S. and western European market by 2019 with sales set to double from current levels , according to a report by consultancy PricewaterhouseCoopers . And where once Chinese motorists were content to buy dated , home-grown vehicles -- or at best pale imitations of Western designs such as Mercedes-Benz and BMW -- now they want the real McCoy , according to analysts . Read more : China pushes for indigenous car brands "  You see the same with the massive rise of the middle class in India , " said Andrew Marsh , director of independent consultancy AutoIndustryInsider.com . "  Those who can afford it do n't want the domestically produced tat . They want to have the Western names , vehicles built elsewhere . " U.S. auto giants Ford and General Motors have reported record sales increases in China for the month of August . The two Detroit-based companies reported a 46 % and 11.2 % rise respectively , with Ford citing strong demand for the Focus while GM-owned marque Buick sales for August are up 17.7 % compared to the same month in 2012 . Read more : Chinese automaker snaps up Volvo $ 1.8 billion deal Car sales are also booming at the top end and this week McLaren Automotive said it would start trading in China for the first time . The British-based manufacturer of luxury , high-performance sports cars is opening four showrooms in major Chinese cities including Beijing and Shanghai in an effort to tap China 's growing middle class . Mike Flewitt , chief executive officer of UK-based McLaren Automotive , said : "  We want to achieve a balanced global sales portfolio , with China contributing somewhere in the region of 10 % of total sales . " Watch more : Will Chinese cars save Chrysler McLaren 's supercar range including the 12C , the 12C Spider and the P1 went on sale in China on September 9 . The 12C and the Spider retail between # 165,000 and # 195,000 while the luxury P1 costs approximately # 866,000 . James Foxall , a motoring columnist for Britain 's Daily Telegraph , said that although western carmakers are clamoring to enter the Chinese market , foreign companies face a number of hurdles in the process . "  Western carmakers ca n't just pitch up and sell cars in China , " he said . "  They have to go into a joint venture with a local manufacturer . " Watch more : Chinese car company sets up college General Motors and Ford have both used local partnerships to enable them to produce cars in China . GM operates with Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation  SAIC  while Ford is in a three-way venture with Chinese Changan and Japanese producer Mazda . The threat of counterfeiting is also brushed aside by the high-end Western car manufacturers . McLaren 's Flewitt said the company was not "  overly worried " by the prospect . "  We are constantly investing a large amount of time , money and brainpower into R&D . That means that while a company may copy what we are producing today , by the time it is introduced and established by a competitor , we will already be focused on the next step forward . " And the reality is that copying a car badly may be simple ; doing it to the quality of an Audi or BMW is incredibly difficult . As Foxall added : "  Then trying to mass produce it is even more difficult and the Chinese just have n't got that yet . " That 's not to say that Chinese manufacturers are not trying to emulate less sophisticated European cars -- at least in terms of their design . Paolo Beconcini , a partner and intellectual property expert at Shanghai-based Carroll , Burdick and McDonough , argues that Chinese buyers are less "  demanding " than western consumers who require the latest environmentally-friendly engines and safety features . "  Cars are first of all a status symbol , the gate to the middle class.Therefore , Chinese consumers focus more on the outer design of vehicles than in their technology , safety and performance . "	China car sales increasing 11 % in August year on year , according to the state-backed manufacturers association China 's car market will almost match the combined size of the U.S. and western European market by 2019 U.S. auto giants Ford and General Motors have reported record sales increases in China for the month of August
A New York man who pleaded guilty in January to charges of aiding al Qaeda was ready to be a suicide bomber for the organization , but was told he needed more religious instruction , according to a document obtained by CNN on Thursday . Bryant Neal Vinas says he spent time in the mountains of Waziristan with al Qaeda members . Bryant Neal Vinas gave an interview in March to Belgian prosecutors as part of a terrorism case there involving a cell he was associated with . CNN obtained the prosecution-prepared interview summary document from a Belgian defense attorney , and it was authenticated by both a federal prosecutor in New York and Vinas ' defense attorney . The French-language document gives a detailed picture of how Vinas traveled from New York to Pakistan and what he did while he was there . Vinas pleaded guilty in January to charges of conspiracy to murder U.S. nationals , providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization and receiving military-type training from a foreign terrorist organization , the FBI said Wednesday . He admitted involvement in an attack on a U.S. military base in Afghanistan in September 2008 , according to an indictment filed under seal and made public Wednesday . In addition , authorities said he provided al Qaeda with information about the New York transit system and the Long Island Railroad . Vinas , 26 , is an American citizen , said a source close to the investigation . He was arrested in Pakistan , the source said . According to the document obtained Thursday , the Queens , New York-born Vinas converted from Catholicism to Islam in 2004 . He hooked up with al Qaeda in Pakistan three years later , and by September 2007 was determined to wage jihad in Afghanistan , the document says . He left New York exactly six years after al Qaeda struck the city and arrived in Lahore , a major city in eastern Pakistan , on September 12 , 2007 . With the help of a friend he had known in New York , who was connected in militant circles , Vinas sought out individuals in Lahore who could help connect him to jihadists fighting in Afghanistan , according to the document . Weeks later , the document says , Vinas was in Afghanistan 's Kunar province , a hotbed of the insurgency , with a group of 20 insurgents who crept up near an American combat outpost . At the last minute , they decided not to fire mortars on the base because American war planes were circling overhead , the document says . Before launching the raid , Vinas said , recruits were required to sign a number of forms . From the document , it is not clear whether those forms constituted formal membership in al Qaeda , but Vinas stated that "  it was not necessary to sign documents or take part in a ceremony to become a member of al Qaeda . " Later in the document , he was quoted as saying he succeeded in becoming a full member of al Qaeda . Vinas then returned to Mohmand , an agency in Pakistan 's tribal areas , the document says . His handlers then asked him to become a suicide bomber . He agreed , and was sent to Peshawar , Pakistan , to receive more instructions . But Vinas told investigators that his handlers decided he needed more religious instruction before he would be ready to become a suicide bomber , the document said . After his instruction in Peshawar , Vinas said , he traveled into the mountains of Waziristan in Pakistan 's tribal areas . Vinas said that during his time there he spent a lot of time with members of al Qaeda , including operatives from Saudi Arabia and Yemen , according to the document . Between March and July 2008 , Vinas said he attended three al Qaeda training courses , learning how to fire an AK-47 , a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and handguns . He also familiarized himself with explosives and was taught to make suicide bombing vests . At the end of his training , Vinas said , his handlers judged that he was qualified to participate in missile attacks against American , NATO and Afghan bases in Afghanistan , the document said . In September 2008 , Vinas said , he traveled to a town near the Afghan frontier where he joined a group of jihadists including al Qaeda fighters . Creeping toward the Afghan border , he said , the group fired rockets toward an American combat outpost in Afghanistan . This is the attack Vinas pleaded guilty to in January , authorities said Wednesday . After launching the attack , Vinas spent several weeks in the mountains of Waziristan near the Afghan border . It was there , Vinas said , that he had detailed conversations with "  al Qaeda chiefs , " according to the document . Vinas is quoted as saying the subject of those discussions included attacks in the West , including in the United States . Vinas is not quoted in the document elaborating further . Vinas stated that he left Pakistan 's tribal areas in October 2008 and returned to Peshawar in search of a wife . That 's where he was arrested a few weeks later . Vinas is quoted in the document saying that during his stay in Pakistan he spent time with a number of Belgian and French citizens who had traveled to Pakistan 's tribal areas in early 2008 , and who , like Vinas , received military training there . In December 2008 , several members of this group and some of their Brussels associates were arrested on their return to Europe after security services received indications they might be plotting a terrorist attack in Belgium . Belgian magistrates wanted to question Vinas in March for this reason . Vinas pleaded guilty on January 28 in a closed hearing , according to court documents . At the time , the case was filed naming "  John Doe " as a defendant and was sealed . The FBI 's New York office would not say whether Vinas has been sentenced or comment on why the case was sealed . It said Vinas is in the custody of the U.S. Marshals Service . Vinas is also known as "  Ibrahim , " "  Bashir al-Ameriki " and "  Ben Yameen al-Kandee , " according to the indictment unsealed Wednesday . In Pakistan , according to the document , Vinas said he met with the alleged leader of the Franco-Belgian cell , a Tunisian , who Belgian intelligence sources have told CNN was Moez Garsallaoui . Garsallaoui is the husband of Malika el Aroud , a Belgian woman who has been described as an "  icon " of the jihadist movement because her former husband assassinated Ahmed Shah Massoud , the head of Afghanistan 's anti-Taliban Northern Alliance , two days before 9/11 . El Aroud was one of those arrested in Brussels and is awaiting trial , accused of having teamed up with her new husband to recruit Europeans to fight Jihad . In 2006 , CNN interviewed Garsallaoui and El Aroud in Switzerland . Garsallaoui , who Belgian counterterrorism sources believe is still at large in the tribal areas between Afghanistan and Pakistan , boasted to other group members that he had carried out an attack on an American base in Afghanistan , firing rockets from Pakistan , according to legal documents obtained by CNN . It is not clear whether Vinas also joined Garsallaoui on these raids .	Man has pleaded guilty to charges of aiding al Qaeda Bryant Neal Vinas ' interview with Belgian prosecutors is released Vinas says he received extra religious instruction to be OK 'd as bomber He says he discussed attacks in the West with al Qaeda , including in the U.S.
Washington  CNN  -- Domestic dispute or terror thriller ? Carol Anne Laletta Bond 's story can not be both , and now it may be left to the Supreme Court to sort out the dramatic and often confounding facts of this convicted federal felon 's appeal . Put simply , we 'll call it "  The Case of the Poisoned Paramour . " At issue is whether Congress may criminalize conduct -- under its treaty ratification power -- that is properly the domain of the states . Bond was given a longer prison sentence in the federal system after being convicted of violating an international agreement on the use of chemical weapons . Oral arguments in the case will be heard by the justices Tuesday morning . This case of toxic love has soap-opera elements , but Bond 's lawyers argued she was being treated like an international terrorist or a rogue state engaged in chemical warfare instead of someone caught up on the wrong end of a love triangle . They say she should have been tried in the state system , where Bond may have faced a simple assault charge and just a year behind bars . The implications go far beyond this case , and could establish important precedents on the strength and purpose of the Constitution 's 10th Amendment , which limits federal authority . It is also an issue roiling the current political debate , especially among tea party conservatives in this post-9 / 11 , security-conscious environment . The appeal barely made a ripple in local media and had been all but ignored until the high court first heard the issue two years ago . Now the sequel promises to answer larger questions of the limits on Washington 's power . Bond , a native of Barbados , lived outside Philadelphia and worked as a microbiologist . As a federal appeals court succinctly summarized the relevant facts in the case : "  Bond was excited when her closest friend , Myrlinda Haynes , announced she was pregnant . Bond 's excitement turned to rage when she learned that her husband , Clifford Bond , was the child 's father . She vowed revenge . " The woman -- known to her family as Betty -- struck back by putting her science training to ill use . The 42-year-old stole a dangerous chemical -- arsenic-based 10-chloro-10H-phenoxarsine , to be exact -- from her company , and obtained potassium dichromate over the Internet . Both substances in heavy doses can cause toxic , even lethal harm with very little physical contact . She then tried to poison Haynes some two dozen times over several months , secretly sprinkling the chemicals on an apartment doorknob , car door handles , and a mailbox . While she suffered no more than a chemical burn on her thumb , Haynes noticed something was amiss -- one of the chemicals is a bright orange powder -- and called local police in Lansdale , Pennsylvania , who merely suggested she wipe her car and doors regularly . Unhappy with that response , Haynes contacted her local mail carrier , and federal postal inspectors quickly jumped into the mystery . Surveillance cameras were set up and sure enough , Bond was videotaped stealing mail and placing chemicals inside the mailbox and car muffler , court records show . She was soon arrested . Professor accused of poisoning wife Her lawyer said Bond admitted her guilt early on in what they considered a case of a woman emotionally traumatized by the betrayal of two people once very close to her . "  I did n't think that the federal government had any role to be in this case and I tried to convince them not to bring the case or just dismiss the charges , " Robert Goldman , Bond 's defense attorney , told CNN . "  And I promised them in writing that we would go over to county court and plead and let her do her jail time in county court . I tried to convince them that by misapplying the law they could jeopardize the statute even surviving the case . But they decided to go ahead and bring these charges . " Bond claimed she never meant to kill Haynes , but only wanted to cause her "  an uncomfortable rash . " The defendant also said her friend 's betrayal caused an "  emotional breakdown " that made her act in such a shocking fashion . "  The statute itself is so broad as ... to be meaningless , " Goldman said . "  It prohibits the use of any chemical weapon . And what 's a chemical weapon ? It 's any object , any item that has toxic chemicals . If in the case of an angry spouse throwing a can of Ajax " -- a bleach-based cleaner -- "  at his wife , or vice versa , that would be considered to be use of a chemical weapon and the terrorism statute would apply . I ca n't imagine that the people that were involved in the treaty would anticipate such a broad application . " When a judge denied her motions to transfer the case to state court , Bond pleaded guilty and immediately appealed . She received a sentence of six years behind bars and nearly $ 12,000 in fines and restitution . An appeals court ultimately rejected her claims , citing a 1920 Supreme Court precedent giving Congress the power to enact treaties , even if it steps outside its traditional constitutional authority by usurping state laws . Before she could take the challenge to the U.S. Supreme Court , she needed a ruling that she had "  standing , " or authority , to press her larger constitutional claims . The high court recognized that standing In a unanimous 2011 decision . She now gets her second date before the court and perhaps a final resolution . The Obama administration still believes Bond 's federal conviction was valid . "  The Constitution does not prohibit federal prosecution in an area of overlapping federal and state authority , " the Justice Department said in its brief to the high court , rejecting Bond 's assertion the treaty makes an exception for chemicals used for "  peaceful " purposes that are not "  warlike " in nature . "  No reasonable construction of that phrase would cover petitioner 's conduct . Petitioner 's deployment of highly toxic chemicals with the intent of harming Haynes can hardly be characterized as ` peaceful ' under that word 's commonly understood meaning . " The government says federal law broadly prohibits a person from knowingly using a chemical weapon in a way that can "  cause death , temporary incapacitation , or permanent harm " to another person -- exactly what Bond did here . Did Utah doctor kill his wife ? Some see hope the right-leaning majority on the bench might use the opportunity to delve further into Act 2 of this legal drama -- the scope of the 10th Amendment , which states , "  The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people . " In the broader political context , conservatives , along with a healthy mix of liberals and libertarians , worry that the federal government and Congress have been overly aggressive in staking claims to disputes they believe are best left to states , especially in the criminal arena . Many scholars and activists argue that some federal prosecutions are novel and the penalties are often more harsh , creating conflict and confusion with local efforts to ensure public safety . They see Bond as an unexpected hero in that fight to return "  the power back to the people . " "  There 's a concern that a number of people have , really across the political spectrum , that we have over-federalized crime , that it is too easy for Congress to pass a new law , " said Paul Clement , Bond 's appellate attorney who was U.S. solicitor general under President George W. Bush . "  There is some outrage in America when politicians pass a law to create a new federal offense , without people stopping and thinking whether that 's something that local law enforcement can deal with . " And it is not just felonies . Areas like gun ownership , zoning laws , environmental regulation , taxation , health care , and education standards all could be re-examined in the wake of a high court decision . "  You now have a road map -- if you find the limitations on the federal government 's authority irksome , any president has a simple path to get around it . Find any nation in the world , negotiate a treaty agreeing to do what you could n't do otherwise , and if the Senate ratifies it ... then suddenly the federal government has authority it did n't have before , " said Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , last week . "  The proposition that the Treaty Clause is a trump card that defeats all of the remaining structural limitations on the federal government is not a proposition that is logically defensible . " As for Bond , the current legal fight will not provide her much practical benefit . She was released from a federal prison in West Virginia 14 months ago , so a second high court victory may only be symbolic . She has not talked publicly about her case , but her trial lawyer says the husband is supporting Bond in the appeals . When last we checked , the couple was trying to overcome his infidelity and had been working to rebuild their shaky marriage . She had allowed him to visit her while she was incarcerated . The case is Bond v. U.S.  12-158  . A ruling is expected by the spring .	Carol Anne Laletta Bond is challenging her conviction on a federal chemical weapon charge She used poisons to try to get back at a woman who had an affair with Bond 's husband Attorney : "  I did n't think that the federal government had any role to be in this case " Justice Department says Bond 's action falls under an international chemical weapon treaty
CNN  -- Deadly fighting between Yemeni government forces and al Qaeda erupted in a restive southern province on Saturday . Demonstrators took to the streets and demanded the creation of an interim body that would guide and shape the country 's political transition . Twenty-one al Qaeda members and 10 Yemeni soldiers have been killed in Yemen 's Abyan province , where fighting has raged Saturday , Yemen 's state-run news agency reported . Clashes between security forces and suspected militants have erupted in Lawdar and Zinjibar , towns in Abyan -- a militant stronghold with a presence of Yemen 's al Qaeda wing , SABA reported , citing a military official . Eighteen al Qaeda members and nine soldiers were killed in Zinjibar and three militants and one soldier were killed in Lowdar , the report said . Dozens of people were injured . "  The heroes of the armed and security forces in Abyan province caused the terrorist elements of al Qaeda heavy losses in lives and material after fierce confrontations with those elements that began in the early hours of the morning and lasted several hours and ended with the killing of a number of them and injuring many others , " SABA reported . A Yemeni security official , who has asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media , told CNN that Yemen 's government conducted air raids on positions in Lawdar believed to be held by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Government forces have been fighting Islamic militants who seized the town of Zinjibar . Heavy gunfire and explosions were heard through the city , and planes were seen flying overhead and conducting airstrikes , witnesses and residents said . The military official cited by SABA said Yemeni military forces targeted a warehouse used by militants to store weapons and cars used by the fighters . The official said troops are working to track down al Qaeda fighters and "  cleanse the pockets and hiding places where terrorists are present . " Yemen has been consumed with unrest for months as protesters demand an end to the rule of President Ali Abdullah Saleh . In recent weeks , government troops have battled both anti-government tribal forces and Islamic militants , including al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . A six-nation Gulf Arab alliance , the Gulf Cooperation Council , has tried to broker a government-opposition agreement that would lead to Saleh 's departure , but that effort has so far been unsuccessful . The demonstrations continued on Saturday as thousands of anti-government protesters took to the streets in Sanaa , Taiz , Ibb and Hodeidah , eyewitnesses said . Witnesses said the demonstrators on Saturday called for the vice president to create an interim transitional council to help fashion a political transition . They accused the United States and the GCC of supporting the Saleh regime , and demanded support of the youth revolution . Anti-government forces also criticized opposition political parties and politicians for supporting the GCC deal , which would lead to Saleh 's departure but give him immunity . Khaled Al-Anesi , a prominent rights activist in Sanaa , said the United States and the international community should support the Yemen revolution "  as it did in Tunisia and Egypt if it wants Yemen to continue to be its ally in the future . " The chaos there intensified when Saleh and other senior officials were injured in a June 3 attack on the mosque at the presidential palace . Saleh and other senior officials injured in the attack went to Saudi Arabia for treatment . A government spokesman said Thursday Saleh was in good health and would be returning to Yemen "  within days . " CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : Protesters are calling for the creation of an interim transitional council 21 al Qaeda members and 10 soldiers have been killed , state TV says Fighting raged in two in Abyan province towns A source says Yemen 's government is conducting air raids
CNN  -- The family of the U.S. swim star who died over the weekend during a race in the United Arab Emirates mourned Monday as answers to questions surrounding his death remained murky . Fran Crippen , 26 , died Saturday during the last leg of the Marathon Swimming World Cup . "  The official word coming out of the UAE ... is that he died from drowning . So now we have to go and figure out exactly how that happened because obviously Fran was a swimmer who was in peak physical shape , " the swimmer 's sister , Maddy Crippen , told CNN . Another athlete in the race told CNN the competition might not have been monitored closely enough . "  I may be mistaken , but I ca n't remember seeing any boats that were going by us to watch the athletes a little bit closer , especially the ones that were falling behind , " said German swimmer Jan Wolfgarten . "  With the conditions that extreme , for future reference , there should be people watching what 's going on with the athletes , " Wolfgarten said . Monitors on at least nine boats and four personal watercraft were watching the race , according to event organizers . Wolfgarten said he thought Crippen "  was in just as good a shape as anyone can be . " But both the water and the air were "  really , really warm , " Wolfgarten told CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  The sun came straight down " during the last lap , just before noon , he said , suggesting it might be better to do the race in late afternoon next year . Crippen 's sister said she had heard from people who were there that her brother was n't "  charging " like he usually did when he swam . "  He was n't himself as the race continued , " she said . U.S. Swimming Federation authorities said they expect to receive the body of the star open-water swimmer Monday . "  In respect for his memory , " the International Swimming Federation  FINA  canceled the remaining heats in the UAE in the wake of Crippen 's death , according the federation 's website . The loss of Crippen hit hard in suburban Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , where he grew up in a family of swimmers . Crippen was on target to achieve his goal of being an Olympian -- a dream cut short . "  We 're all grieving . We 're all in shock , " said Richard Shoulberg , his longtime prep school coach . Doctors determined that severe fatigue was behind Crippen 's sudden death , UAE Swimming Federation Secretary Saeed Al Hamour told CNN on Sunday . Earlier , however , the head of the water sports club in Fujairah , Ahmed Ibrahim , said that preliminary tests showed the swimmer suffered a heart attack . The official report released by the UAE Swimming Federation made no mention of a heart attack . Crippen died during the last leg of the Marathon Swimming World Cup in Fujairah , the International Swimming Federation said in a news release . The cause of death is under investigation , the federation said . In a conversation with Shoulberg 12 hours before the race , Crippen said that the outside temperature was 100 degrees and that the water was 87 degrees . Some have speculated the high temperatures may have contributed to the death . However , Al Hamour denied any reports that Crippen 's death may have been caused by water temperature . "  The competition was monitored and supervised by the International Swimming Federation . All security measures were taken care of as needed , " Al Hamour said . "  We 've organized so far 14 competitions and championships and never had any death . " Swimming World magazine reported that Crippen fell unconscious during the event and deep-sea divers found him two hours later near the race 's final buoy . Crippen won bronze in the 10-kilometer event at the 2009 FINA World Championships and was the gold medalist in the same event at the 2007 Pan American Games , according to USA Swimming . Monday , his family released a statement thanking Crippen 's fans and friends for their support . "  Fran 's life was filled with passion , whether it was swimming for the U.S. or cheering on his beloved Philadelphia Phillies . We take some solace knowing he passed while doing what he loved most , swimming , " it read .	NEW : Swimmer 's family takse solace in knowing "  he passed ... doing what he loved " NEW : Swimmer 's sister says he was n't himself as the race continued Officials say that severe fatigue was a factor in Fran Crippen 's death Crippen , 26 , died during last leg of 10-kilometer open-water race
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The doctor convicted in pop star Michael Jackson 's death is suffering possibly life-threatening and permanent injuries after almost a year in a small jail cell , his lawyers are warning . Dr. Conrad Murray is housed in a high-security section of the Los Angeles County jail because of his notoriety , which isolates him from the general population for his protection but means he has "  extremely limited access to exercise . " "  Death or injury at the hands of another prisoner , however , is no worse than a slow death caused by a loss of circulation and atrophy resulting from inhumane confinement of a large man in a tiny space , " lawyers Valerie Wass and Michael Flanagan wrote in a letter addressed to Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca Wednesday . Conrad Murray invites Katherine Jackson to visit him in jail Murray -- jailed since November 7 , 2011 , when he was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death -- is 6 feet 5 inches tall , but confined in a 5-foot-by-7-foot cell , the letter said . "  If one were to keep a dog in a space just a few inches larger than the dog 's length , for any extended period of time , contentions of animal cruelty possibly leading to prosecution would likely result , " it said . The sheriff 's office did not immediately return repeated calls from CNN for comment . Wass , who is overseeing the appeal of Murray 's involuntary manslaughter conviction , told CNN Thursday his jail conditions "  are the equivalent of a large individual flying coach in a middle seat for a period of a year . " Murray was taken to a hospital Sunday night for treatment of what his lawyer described as "  marked venous stasis of his lower extremities " and "  right shoulder pain and severe loss of motion . " Flanagan 's letter suggested the sheriff has "  alternatives available to protect society and punish offenders that would not likely result in causing permanent injury or death to an inmate . " California law allows Baca , at his discretion , to release Murray under monitored home confinement . Otherwise , he is supposed to remain in jail for another year . Murray was found guilty of causing Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , by administering a deadly overdose of sedatives and the surgical anesthetic propofol in what he told police was an attempt to cure the singer 's insomnia . The doctor was sentenced to the maximum four years in prison , but he is eligible for parole after serving half of his sentence . A California law intended to relieve overcrowding in state prisons resulted in Murray being kept in the county jail . Source of leaked Michael Jackson e-mails identified His cell there is so small that Murray has "  no opportunity for physical movement throughout the day , " his lawyers wrote . "  The only actual exercise that Dr. Murray received occurs on most Monday evenings when he is transferred in chains to an 8-by-8 cage on the roof of the facility . " Murray , in a phone call to a friend Monday that was published Wednesday by the celebrity news website TMZ , complained that he feared his illness would be permanent . "  I may never be able to wear a boot again , " he said . "  The venous stasis gives rise to a high risk for deep vein thrombosis and/or migrating pulmonary embolism , " his lawyer wrote to the sheriff . "  This condition may have developed to a chronic state which has become permanent and uncorrectable necessitating a lifetime of medication and treatment . " Murray 's physical appearance has changed dramatically since he was taken into custody , his lawyer wrote . "  A review of earlier booking photos and bio-statistics of Dr. Murray , when compared to his current condition and appearance , would be shocking to persons not previously familiar with him , " they wrote . "  To those who have known him for the last year or longer , the suffering that has obviously taken its toll on his health is unimaginable . " DA drops effort to get $ 100 million restitution from Conrad Murray Keeping a human in such conditions "  would at the very least give rise to civil liability for negligent confinement resulting in a debilitating medical condition , " the letter said . "  Please consider this letter as notice of the life-threatening condition in which Dr. Murray currently exists , " they told the sheriff . "  Correction of this intolerable situation is of extreme importance . " Conrad Murray : ' I feel like a POW '	Keeping a dog in such a tight space would be animal cruelty , Murray 's lawyer says Murray suffers "  marked venous stasis of his lower extremities , " his lawyer says "  Please consider this letter as notice of the life-threatening condition , " he tells sheriff Murray has another year left to serve in jail , unless released under home confinement
CNN  -- An outage of one of Amazon 's cloud computing data centers knocked out popular sites like Reddit , Foursquare Pinterest and TMZ for some users on Monday . The outages , which began early afternoon Eastern time , appeared to be gradually improving as the afternoon went on . As of about 5 p.m. ET , Amazon Web Services was reporting "  degraded " performance at one of its centers in northern Virginia . In addition to online retail , Amazon rents cloud storage space for clients to store Web data . Other sites that were impacted included Instagram , Flipboard , AirBnB , Imgur and GetGlue . During the height of the outages , many took to Twitter to complain and seek solace . Here are some of their updates . If you are unable to see the Storify below , click here . . CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Outage of Amazon storage center blamed for Reddit , other sites going down for some Foursquare , Instagram , Flipboard , AirBnB also impacted
Tirana , Albania  CNN  -- At least three protesters were shot dead from close range in a clash with police Friday outside the Albanian prime minster 's office , a hospital official said , an escalation of some of the worst politically fueled tension to wrack the southern European nation in 14 years . The face-off also left 23 demonstrators hurt , including three in critical condition with head injuries at Tirana Military Hospital , according to its emergency unit chief , Sami Koceku . He said that at least 17 police officers also injured in the confrontations were at that hospital , one of the city 's main medical facilities . A report from state-run network TVSH had a slightly higher injury toll from hospitals throughout Tirana , Albania 's capital and most populated city . It put the count at 35 demonstrators and 27 police . The opposition Socialist Party claimed , on its website , that around 250,000 people gathered outside Prime Minister Sali Berisha 's office to implore him to resign amid allegations of corruption and fraud related to the June 2009 election . Some of the protesters threw stones and Molotov cocktails at some of the more than 1,000 police who were at the scene , ostensibly to provide security . Authorities responded by using water cannons in an attempt to disperse the crowds . Afterwards , Albania 's current president , Bamir Topi , issued a statement urging all political parties to resume talks soon and not to reopen old wounds -- referring to a 1997 at-times violent crisis that also targeted Berisha , who was then the nation 's president . Topi urged "  calm and self-restraint " by all Albanians , as well as support for the police and governmental institutions . The U.S. Embassy in Tirana issued a like-minded statement on Friday , expressing "  deep regret that  the protest  was not peaceful " and calling on all sides "  to abstain from provocations . " Rather , the embassy pushed for "  constructive dialogue and compromise to resolve the existing political differences . " And the European Union , which has been considering adding Albania as a member , also "  urgently " appealed to "  all political forces ... to engage in a constructive  dialogue  and to mobilize the countries ' energies " to resolve the political stalemate . "  Demonstrators are instruments of freedom of expression and peaceful assembly for citizens , " said EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton and Stefan Fule , commissioner for enlargement and the European neighborhood policy , in a statement . "  We deplore that today 's event has spiralled into violence . " Yet key players in Friday 's incident , and in the long-brewing political friction in Albania , showed no signs of backing down Friday . Berisha directly blamed the casualties on his chief political rival , Socialist Party leader Edi Rama , whom he accused of scheming to have demonstrators take over the prime minister 's office , parliament and key ministries , state-run ATA news agency reported . Rama "  will take full responsibility , " Berisha told reporters , adding that Friday 's actions "  will not be accepted , but punished . " For his part , Rama -- who is also the mayor of Tirana -- accused government forces of going overboard , and blamed police for provoking protesters by using the water tanks and tear gas . Earlier this month , in an interview quoted in a Socialist Party newsletter , Rama reiterated long-standing claims that Berisha 's ruling Democratic Party had rigged the most recent election . "  Are there any Albanians who have not yet understood that  Berisha  stole the elections in order to rob Albania ? " he said . "  That was clear to us from the very beginning , but by now it has become clear to every reasonable Albanian . " The country 's supreme court determined that the elections were orderly , and the ballots were burned by the Central Election Commission . The Socialist Party boycotted Albania 's parliament between September 2009 and February 2010 , according to the U.S. State Department . Efforts since then to resolve the long political stalemate have been unsuccessful , with opposition parties continuing to push hard against the Democrats in alleging corruption . On Friday , Berisha guaranteed that there would "  be no early elections " and that "  general elections will be held in 2013 , " a rebuttal to the timeline being pushed by the opposition . The tensions escalated in the past two weeks , after a former government minister sent the media a secret recording that allegedly documented an illicit back-room deal . In the video , then-Deputy Prime Minister Ilir Meta asked Dritan Prifti , who at that point was Albania 's economic minister , to arrange for irregular contracts and have the government hire hacks who belonged to his small party , the Socialist Movement for Integration . Meta later replaced Prifti , a member of that same party , as economic minister . He resigned from that position last week , even as he claimed that the tape featuring him and Prifti had been manipulated with bits edited in and out , out of context . Still , the opposition largely has focused its wrath on Berisha . This is not his first time under fire : In 1997 , for instance , angry mobs protested against Berisha -- then the nation 's president -- after voting irregularities and costly Ponzi schemes plunged Albania into near-anarchy and led to snap elections . The animosity , and harsh rhetoric , have heightened in recent weeks . In addition to increasingly pointed , accusatory barbs between Rama and Berisha , personal slurs marred a parliamentary session this week meant to settle governmental changes following Meta 's resignation .	NEW : The EU , which has considered adding Albania , urges "  calm " and "  dialogue " Albania 's PM says protesters aimed to take over his office and parliament The opposition leader blames the ruling government for the violence A hospital official says the 3 killed in Tirana protests were shot at close range
CNN  -- Fireworks going off inside his own house , a car crash in his first week at Manchester City , throwing a dart at a youth team player and that iconic image of a t-shirt adorned with the words , "  Why always me ? " The English Premier League will miss the crazy antics of Mario Balotelli . The 22-year-old has returned to Italy after signing a four-and-a-half-year deal with AC Milan following an action-packed spell with a club he last season helped end a 44-year wait for the league title . ` Sink or swim for ` Super Mario ' ? He has struggled to regain the form that took Italy to the final of Euro 2012 , where he was the tournament 's joint top scorer with three goals . "  I did n't start the season very well with City so I am coming to Milan to revive myself and to do well , " said the Italy striker , who has completed a return to Serie A in a deal said to be worth around $ 30 million . "  I have wanted to play for Milan for a long time , but I was with other teams . When this chance came along I grabbed it . I hope Milan can become a big club again . " Balotelli was welcomed to the San Siro on Thursday 's transfer deadline day as Milan 's website reported his arrival with the banners "  Yes always you ! " and "  One of us . " It published a roundup of Italian newspaper headlines , one of which read : "  Mamma and Papa wanted him home " -- a reference to Balotelli 's foster parents Silvia and Francesco , who adopted him from his Ghanaian immigrant family at the age of three . Balotelli went to Manchester from Milan 's city rival Internazionale for $ 37.8 million in 2010 , one of several big-money deals funded by the English club 's Abu Dhabi owners . He helped City win the FA Cup that season , its first trophy since 1976 , but his time there was dogged by controversy ever since he crashed his car while en-route to the training ground just days after his arrival . Balotelli tussles with manager Mancini Earlier this month , photographs emerged of him having a "  training ground bust-up " with manager Roberto Mancini . Balotelli endured a love-hate relationship with Mancini , with whom he had previously worked at Inter Milan and who has acted as a father figure for the player . Balotelli said he spoke at length with the 48-year-old before farewelling his City teammates at a meal on Tuesday . "  It was a very emotional for me , " he told City 's website . "  I spoke with Roberto before I went to speak to the players . We spoke for some time about lots of things . He was sad , and I was too . But it was a good conversation . Balotelli settles dispute with Man City "  I love Roberto , he has been very important for my career , and I will always thank him for having trust and faith in me . "  Being at City was an important part of my life and career . I needed to grow up like a player and as a person and it has been a very good experience for me . " Balotelli 's first Premier League goals in November 2010 were overshadowed by a red card , the first of four he would go on to receive during his City career . Balotelli continued to catch attention both on and off the pitch , none more so than in October 2011 after a firework was set off in the bathroom of his home . Time to get tough on racism in football Emergency services were called to deal with that incident which occurred the day before he scored twice in City 's 6-1 win at rival Manchester United and revealed that infamous t-shirt -- and days later he was bizarrely named as the public face of a fireworks safety campaign . He broke a 48-hour curfew to visit a curry restaurant in December 2011 before a game against Chelsea , which was quickly followed by a training-ground bust-up with teammate Micah Richards . Trouble continued to follow Balotelli around and he was given a four-match ban in January 2012 after appearing to stamp on the head of Tottenham 's Scott Parker during a Premier League game . He gatecrashed an Inter Milan press conference in March 2012 when the club was preparing to unveil new manager Andrea Stramaccioni , which was followed with another red card in the game at Arsenal . Balotelli scored just 20 Premier League goals in two years , and his only assist in 54 top-flight appearances famously led to Sergio Aguero 's title-winning strike on the final day of last season .	Mario Balotelli joins AC Milan after leaving Manchester City The 22-year-old signs four-and-a-half-year deal with Italian club He had a troubled time in England , both on and off the pitch Balotelli describes his City career as "  a very good experience "
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama has signed off on a new package of nonlethal aid for Syrian rebels , U.S. officials tell CNN , signaling his administration is cautiously wading further into the conflict . Officials said the White House approved the package at a meeting of the National Security Council last week . The move reflects what officials describe as a ramped-up effort to change the military balance on the battlefield in Syria . It follows a decision by Obama last month to send food and medicine to the rebels , the first direct U.S. support for the armed opposition . Other agencies have not been briefed on the final elements of the package , which is expected to be detailed at a White House meeting this week . "  We have no new decisions on assistance to announce at this point and continue to review every possible option that could help end the violence and accelerate a political transition , " said Caitlin Hayden , a National Security Council spokeswoman . Officials said it is expected to include equipment such as body armor , night vision goggles and other military equipment that is defensive in nature , but could be used to aid in combat by Syrian rebels battling forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad . The package being discussed , however , still falls short of the heavy weapons and high tech equipment sought by the rebels . Obama 's national security team and members of Congress have repeatedly urged the president to increase the direct aid for the rebels . They argue such a step would strengthen the hand of moderate members of the opposition and make them less reliant on well-armed extremist elements within their ranks . Secretary of State John Kerry has pushed for more aggressive U.S. involvement in Syria since taking office in February . The move comes as Britain and France are leading efforts to lift a European Union arms embargo on Syria . Both have suggested they are prepared to join nations like Qatar is providing the rebels with weapons and are urging the United States to do the same . A push last summer from CIA , Pentagon and State Department leaders was rejected by the White House . At least for now , it remains opposed to arming the opposition , fearing that U.S.-provided weapons could wind up in the wrong hands . The Obama administration has funneled $ 385 million in humanitarian aid to Syria through international institutions and nongovernmental organizations . In addition , Washington has provided more than $ 100 million to the political opposition and has pressed them to establish a leadership structure . But the Syrian Opposition Council , the main Syrian opposition group , has roundly criticized the United States for refusing to provide badly-needed support to organize a transitional government and broaden its support inside Syria .	Move signals that the United States is wading further into the civil war Package approved by National Security Council , details expected to be revealed next week Aid expected to include equipment such as body armor , night vision goggles Obama administration under pressure to boost direct aid to rebels
CNN  -- Jim O'Neill , the Goldman Sachs economist who famously captured the globe 's shifting economic power when he coined the "  BRIC " acronym , now says the euro may not exist by 2020 . O'Neill 's views were aired at the Spring Ambrosetti Forum , where delegates gathered by the peaceful Lake Como . But unlike its serene waters , many delegates felt the future of the European Union -- which has been destabilized by economic crisis and political infighting -- remained murky . O'Neill , speaking to CNN at the forum , said : "  If we carry on the same way as we are , by 2020 the euro might not exist . " Read more : Oknoplast sees Europe ' s window of opportunity According to O'Neill , "  Germany will be exporting twice as much to China as it does to France by the end of 2020 . " He added , "  I have joked to some of the European policy makers that in such an environment , Germany would want to be in a monetary union with China , not with France . " Read more : Auto industry revs up recovery on Spain Villa d'Este plays host to the Ambrosetti forum twice a year . It is an elite gathering of European economists and business leaders , and for two days they have just one item on the agenda : The state of the global economy . Some have compared the Ambrosetti Forum to Davos ; albeit a much smaller version . With serene views of Lake Como , a warmer climate and fine-dining , it 's certainly a deluxe version . Read more : Henkel : Reaping rewards of its revamp Light from chandeliers dance over the delegates as they sit in their four closed-door sessions a day , which are broken up with coffee breaks and three course meals . Nouriel Roubini , the economist also known by the name "  Dr Doom " for predicting the credit crunch , was a little less gloomy about the eurozone than O'Neill when he spoke to CNN . Read more : Shipping giant looks to China to combat downturn "  Compared to a year ago , when there was a risk that Greece would exit the eurozone , that the eurozone would break up , that Italy and Spain would lose market access , those tail risks have been reduced , " he said . Roubini believes these risks have been reduced , in large part , by the European Central Bank 's commitment to purchase sovereign bonds in the secondary markets . Now , Roubini told CNN , the European Union faces a "  political backlash " with austerity fatigue from the likes of Italy , Portugal , Ireland , Spain and Greece , and bailout fatigue from Germany . "  There is a toxic nexus between a lack of competitiveness , unsustainability , low potential growth and an ongoing recession , " he said . The need for political cohesion around a drive for austerity was common to many delegates ' views , as was a desire for closer fiscal union . "  Europe is in the middle , " Andrea Canino , the chairman at MC Partners , told CNN . "  We do n't know where the power is , it is not any more in the national state and it is not in Brussels . " Such uncertainty would kill Europe , he added . Guiseppe Recche , the chairman of Eni , the Italian multinational oil and gas company , said his business continues to struggle in its European market . "  Wherever we do business , and we work in over 80 countries , we do well , except for Italy and Europe , " he said . "  Is that because Europe is not competitive ? Is that because Europe does n't have technology to sell ? Probably not . "  It needs to manage its expenses , austerity needs to be spoken of , and of not just in negative terms , a fiscal balance of expenses is needed . " The Ambrosetti Forum will reconvene in the autumn , the mist will have lifted over the lake , and , for the delegates , perhaps the future for the European Union will be looking clearer too .	Roubini believes eurozone break-up risk has been reduced , in large part , by ECB measures European Union faces a "  political backlash " with austerity fatigue , says Nouriel Roubini Political cohesion around a drive for austerity was common to many delegates ' views
CNN  -- Actor Sam Worthington , best known for his leading role in the 2009 blockbuster "  Avatar , " was arrested Sunday after getting into an altercation with a photographer , New York City police said . Worthington is accused of punching photographer Sheng Li in the face after Li allegedly kicked Worthington 's 26-year-old female companion in the shins , according to NYPD Detective Kellyann Ort . The department would not release the name of Worthington 's companion . The incident occurred at 5:30 p.m. Sunday in Greenwich Village . Worthington was issued a desk appearance ticket and was released , according to Ort . Li , a 37-year-old photographer who lives in Manhattan , was held for arraignment . He does not have press credentials . No one was hospitalized , Ort said . Worthington was born in England but moved to Australia , where he was raised and began his acting career . In addition to Avatar , Worthington has also acted in "  Terminator Salvation "  2009  , "  Clash of the Titans "  2010  and "  Man on a Ledge "  2012  . He was named "  GQ Man of the Year " in Australia in 2009 . In 2012 : Disorderly conduct charges against Worthington dismissed	Sam Worthington is accused of punching photographer Sheng Li in the face , NYPD says Li is accused of kicking Worthington 's female companion , NYPD says Worthington is known for his leading role in the 2009 smash hit "  Avatar "
For Antonio Conti , time stopped on the evening of May 29 , 1985 . He had taken his Juventus-supporting daughter Giusy to watch the Italian club play English team Liverpool in the 1985 European Cup final in Brussels at the Heysel Stadium . It should have been a time for celebration . Father and daughter watching the most prestigious club game in European football in the traditional climax to the season . Instead , Conti 's memories of Heysel are of mayhem and death . "  It was 19:25 CET when everything happened , " Conti told CNN . "  When I woke up half an hour later I was among dead people , and at that moment I remembered where I was . "  I looked for my daughter until I saw a shoe under a blanket and I understood that she was dead . " For the modern European football fan used to watching matches in bright , shiny all-seater stadiums , it is almost impossible to imagine attending a football game and dying there . But in the space of four years in the 1980s , nearly 200 people lost their lives in three horrific European stadium tragedies . First , on May 11 1985 , just over two weeks before the Heysel stampede , came a devastating fire at the Bradford City Stadium fire on May 11 , and then there was a deadly crush at another English ground -- Hillsborough -- in 1989 . It is only in the last few months that Britain 's political and civil institutions have begun to be held to account for the reasons behind the death of 96 people during an FA Cup match at Hillsborough , which has long cast a shadow over the city of Liverpool . Four years earlier at Heysel , Liverpool had been involved in another stadium tragedy as 39 fans -- 32 from Italy , four from Belgium , two from France , one from Northern Ireland , the youngest just 11 years old -- were killed in a stampede before the European Cup final against Juventus . "  For me that cup will always be covered in death , " wrote Juve defender Antonio Cabrini in his autobiography "  Io Antonio . " "  The cup of death " . Forgotten story Heysel is a story of "  incompetence , violence , cover-up , shame and lies , " writes Professor John Foot -- the author of the authoritative history of Italian football , "  Calcio . " "  It 's also a story of forgetting , " adds Foot . "  Many people have an interest in not remembering what happened that night : the players , many fans , the Belgian politicians and police forces . " Foot 's analysis is shared by Rosalina Vannini Gonnelli , who lost her husband in the tragedy and whose 18-year-old daughter was injured that night 27 years ago . "  Is there anyone who gives a damn ? " questioned Gonnelli . "  News has to be on the front page , then everyone forgets . My daughter will carry that with her for her whole life . "  I 'm happy that sometimes there is someone who remembers the tragedy . "  Many , many years have passed . People had forgotten soon after it happened , so now there 's no way . The 39 angels will always be in the memories of their loved ones . " Journalist Francesco Caremani was an Italian who cared , and in 2003 he wrote a book about the tragedy -- "  The Truths of Heysel -- Chronicle of a Tragedy Foretold . " Caremani was a friend of Otello Lorentini , who was head of the now disbanded Association for the Victims of Heysel . Lorentini 's son Roberto was a doctor who died at Heysel . Roberto had resuscitated a boy before being crushed to death , an act that saw him posthumously awarded a civic medal for his bravery . "  Before my book nobody had listened to the victims . It was the first chance that they had had to speak about the night of the Heysel disaster , of the process and the battle for justice , " said Caremani . When Roberto Lorentini died in 1985 , his son Andrea , who is now a sports journalist , was just three . "  I 'm angry and bitter because it 's impossible to die for a football match , " said Andrea . "  There is n't logic for what happened in Brussels . " Sector Z There are close parallels between Hillsborough and Heysel -- disasters waiting to happen at two dilapidated stadiums , which hosted major games with poor ticketing arrangements and "  negligent policing . " Heysel Stadium 's Sector Z terrace had grass poking through the crumbling concrete . Flimsy wire-netting separated the Liverpool and Juve fans while a minimal police force battled to keep control of thousands of fans . A police force whose walkie-talkies had no batteries . "  I felt a lot of anger and bitterness towards UEFA that allowed such an important match to be played in an inadequate stadium , " said Conti . "  The curved sector where we were should not have been open to the public , because it was n't up to hosting 15,000 people . "  In that sector there were hooligans as well and the police were n't able to keep order . " Then came the charge of the Liverpool fans . "  There are dozens of points that are usually offered to explain the context , but the context does not begin to excuse anything , " writes Liverpool fan Tony Evans , football editor of British newspaper The Times . "  No amount of context could . That stampede might have been considered standard terrace fare , a token act of territorialism and intimidation , but it led innocent fans to flee in terror . "  Some tried to climb a wall to escape . The wall crumbled . Thirty-nine people were crushed to death . The world was appalled . Turin went into mourning . Liverpool and their supporters were left with the stigma and the stain . " With corpses lying in the stadium car park , UEFA ordered the game to go ahead for the sake of public safety . Juventus won the final 1-0 thanks to a penalty from Michel Platini , who is now president of the European governing body . "  I was at home watching the match on television , but I had the feeling that something terrible had happened to my loved ones , " said Gonnelli . " I spent the whole night at Pisa airport waiting for them to come back . " Platini 's celebration after scoring the penalty was widely criticized , though he justified playing the game by arguing that if it had not gone ahead , it "  would have been the end of football . " Another relative told CNN that Juventus had always wanted to put a veil over Heysel to forget this page in the club 's history and that the Serie A side 's then president Giampiero Boniperti should have handed the European Cup back . Juventus insist that the club has never forgotten the suffering of the family victims and that the disaster 's anniversary is always religiously marked . A commemorative monument was unveiled in the main courtyard of the club 's headquarters shortly after the disaster , and there was a dedication to the victims at the opening of Juve 's new stadium last year . "  The families of the victims are always welcome at the club , our museum and the stadium and they can come for free , " said a Juve spokeswoman . Liverpool FC also marks the anniversary of the tragedy , with flowers placed on the memorial plaque and flags flown at half-mast , while its website features stories of remembrance . The right punishments ? In the aftermath of Heysel , then UEFA president Jacques Georges and general secretary Hans Bangerter were threatened with imprisonment , before being given conditional discharges . Albert Roosens , the former secretary-general of the Belgian Football Union  BFU  and Johan Mahieu -- who was in charge of policing the stands at Heysel despite having never supervised a football match before -- were given six-month suspended prison sentences for negligence . "  Heysel is the tragedy of the century , " said Caremani . "  UEFA and Belgian institutions are the guilty ones -- they chose that stadium and it was the worst stadium in Europe for a final of the European Cup . "  UEFA , the Belgian institutions , England and Italy try to forget about it . They do n't care about the victims . It is only after Heysel that UEFA took responsibility for stadium safety . " Conti added : "  The Italian state , the Italian Football Federation and Juventus took little interest in the case . " That critique of establishment inertia might strike a chord with those relatives of the Hillsborough tragedy who have campaigned so tirelessly for the true story of their family members ' deaths to be told . In the aftermath of Heysel , 25 Liverpool fans were subsequently extradited from the United Kingdom and , after a five-month trial , 14 were found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in April 1989 -- the same month of the Hillsborough disaster -- with each of them serving a year in jail English clubs were excluded from Europe for five years , with Liverpool handed an extra year 's ban . "  The anger at the hooligans of Liverpool is still very strong , unspoken , but very strong , both among the relatives of the victims -- who know the history very well -- and especially among the Juventus ` ultras ' -- who know it a little ` less well , ' " said Caremani , before adding : "  but everyone knows very well UEFA and Belgian institutions ' responsibilities . " Lasting shadow Last month the family of victims of the Hillsborough disaster received an apology from British Prime Minister David Cameron for the long delay in giving answers to all those affected by "  one of the greatest peacetime tragedies of the last century . " Cameron 's apology and the publication of an independent panel 's report revealing serious failings by police and emergency services was a major breakthrough for the Hillsborough campaigners after their many years of battling to get to the truth . "  I feel solidarity with the Hillsborough victims -- only those who experienced it can understand , ' said Gonnelli . The truth about Hillsborough might have taken 23 years to finally seep out but in the interim , English football fans saw vast improvements to the stadia in England as a direct result of the disaster . All-seater grounds in the top leagues were enforced on the back of recommendations made in Lord Taylor 's report of 1989 . No longer would fans go to a football match in fear of their lives . But was that the case in Italy ? Caremani 's concern is that stadium organization in Italy still remains a problem . ` Italy has not learnt the lessons in the way England did , " he said . "  Italian hooligans are very fascinated about English hooligans . It was the model for Italy . English stadiums are really the best in the world , or most of them are . "  We have not learnt the lessons of stadium safety and organization -- the Taylor report is a totem for me . But it came after Hillsborough . Why not after Heysel ? "	Nearly 200 people died in three horrific stadium tragedies in the 1980s Some say that the one at Heysel in 1985 has been largely forgotten Thirty-nine fans died at the Belgian stadium before European Cup final Juventus insist the club still honors the relatives of Heysel victims
CNN  -- The U.S. Air Force Academy is mourning its first female graduate to be killed by enemy forces in Afghanistan or Iraq . First Lt. Roslyn L. Schulte , 25 , graduated from the Air Force Academy in 2006 . First Lt. Roslyn L. Schulte , 25 , died Wednesday near Kabul , Afghanistan , of wounds suffered in a roadside bomb attack . She was an intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance operations officer assigned to the 613th Air and Space Operations Center , the Air Force said Friday in a news release . Schulte was deployed to Combined Security Transition Command-Afghanistan . She was traveling in a convoy to Bagram Airfield to participate in an intelligence sharing conference . "  Losing Lt. Schulte has been a tragedy felt by everyone here and across the Air Force , " said Col. Terrence O'Shaughnessy , 613th AOC commander . "  Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with the family of this heroic airman . " Schulte 's fellow airmen "  will be forever proud of her , " he added . Schulte graduated from the academy in 2006 . She is the 10th graduate to die in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , the academy said . Schulte 's parents live in St. Louis , Missouri . She also had a brother . Her father told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch that his daughter was a natural leader who was teaching Afghan forces how to handle military intelligence . "  She knew how to talk to chiefs of staff , to generals , to privates , and they listened , " Robert Schulte told the paper . "  And that 's what we needed , a great leader of people . "	Roadside bomb near Kabul kills 1st Lt. Roslyn L. Schulte , 25 Schulte is first female academy graduate to die in Afghan or Iraq war Fellow airmen "  will be forever proud of her , " commander says
U2 front man Bono injured his arm in a Central Park cycling accident and now needs surgery , a statement on the band 's official website said Sunday . The statement said the band is calling off its scheduled appearances this week on NBC 's "  The Tonight Show . " "  It looks like we will have to do our Tonight Show residency another time - we 're one man down , " the statement said . "  Bono has injured his arm in a cycling spill in Central Park and requires some surgery to repair it . " Reps for the band could not be immediately reached for comment . "  We 're sure he 'll make a full recovery soon , so we 'll be back ! " the statement said . "  Much thanks to Jimmy Fallon and everyone at the show for their understanding . " News of the fall comes just days after the rear hatch flew off an aircraft taking the singer from Dublin to Berlin .	U2 's website says Bono was injured and needs surgery The singer had "  a cycling spill in Central Park , " the website says The band calls off its scheduled appearances on The Tonight Show
A surgeon diagnosed with Ebola in his native Sierra Leone has arrived in the United States , where he will undergo treatment at Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha . Dr. Martin Salia , who is a legal permanent resident of the United States , is married to a U.S. citizen , his relatives told CNN Baltimore affiliate WJZ . Shortly after his arrival Saturday afternoon , doctors said his situation was dire . "  He is extremely ill . We have multiple highly-trained specialists who are experts in their fields targeting his most serious medical issues , " said Dr. Phil Smith , medical director of the Biocontainment Unit at Nebraska Medical Center . The Sierra Leone team that was caring for him described him as critically ill , possibly sicker than the first patients successfully treated in the United States . "  My sister is very worried and upset , " his wife 's brother , Ibrahim Kargbo , told CNN , referring to Salia 's wife , Isatu . "  Right now , she is pretty devastated . ... We 're all just praying he recovers soon . " The doctor was splitting his time between New Carrollton , Maryland , and Sierra Leone , where he works at a Methodist hospital . "  He does n't think of himself as someone important , " his son , Maada Salia , told WJZ . "  He puts himself down and helps those who really need help . " Salia treated all sorts of patients at the hospital in Sierra Leone -- one of three countries most affected by the deadly virus . "  The fact that he left here and went back to his country , that made me worry a little bit , especially when he 's a doctor ... because he does n't know who has the virus , " his son said . The evacuation came at the request of his wife , a Maryland resident , who has agreed to reimburse the government for any expense , the U.S. State Department said in a statement . The cost is unknown . Timeline : How the world reacted as Ebola spread Nebraska Medical Center is one of four hospitals in the United States with biocontainment units and years of preparation in handling highly infectious disease such as Ebola . It has successfully treated two American Ebola patients -- Dr. Rick Sacra , who was released in September , and Ashoka Mukpo , a freelance NBC cameraman who was discharged last month . Both contracted the virus in Liberia and were later flown to the United States for treatment . The virus has killed at least 5,177 people mostly in Sierra Leone , Liberia and Guinea , according to the latest figures from the World Health Organization . Of those , Sierra Leone has reported nearly 1,200 deaths in the outbreak , which started this year . Eight of the previous nine Ebola patients treated in the United States survived . Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan , who was treated in Dallas , died last month . Complete coverage of Ebola	The patient is in "  extremely critical condition , " the medical center says "  This is an hour-by-hour situation , " one doctor says The patient is a surgeon and a Sierra Leone national He also is a legal permanent resident of the United States
CNN  -- A Yemeni military plane crashed into a residential area of the capital Monday , killing the pilot and injuring at least 18 people on the ground , the Yemeni government said . The government would not confirm the death toll . It was unclear how many people were aboard the plane . The Russian-made Sukhoi Su-22 , a fighter jet , was on a training mission when it crashed in southern Sanaa , Yemeni state TV reported . Three houses and a four-story building caught fire after the crash , and the fire was spreading . Firefighters later managed to extinguish the fire in the four-story building , state TV said . The Defense Ministry said a mechanical fault caused the crash and the jet was not shot down . It was the third fatal air crash in Sanaa in the past year . In February , a military fighter jet on a training mission went down in a residential section of Sanaa , killing at least 10 people and injuring 21 . At least one of the missiles the plane was carrying exploded in that crash . Last November , a military cargo plane caught fire and crashed in the city , killing 10 people . Journalist Hakim Almasmari in Sanaa and CNN 's Yousuf Basil in Atlanta contributed to this report .	The plane crashed into a residential neighborhood The pilot was killed , and at least 18 people on the ground were injured Several buildings caught fire after the crash It is the third fatal crash in Sanaa in the past year
CNN  Not too long ago , the question was what states would be among the first to allow same-sex marriages . But since the U.S. Supreme Court 's 2013 ruling invalidating part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act , same-sex marriage rights have surged forward nationwide . In some cases , such as in Illinois , Hawaii , Minnesota and New York , lawmakers opened the doors voluntarily . In others -- most recently Alabama -- it 's been state or federal judges forcing the toehold long sought by gay rights advocates and bitterly contested by those who argue marriage is an institution reserved solely for one man and one woman . As the dominoes fall in favor of same-sex marriages , the question now seems to be which state will be the last to allow such unions ? That 's assuming , of course , that the U.S. Supreme Court does n't get there first by this June , when it is expected to issue its ruling on such bans in four states this spring . Here 's the situation in the 13 states that currently ban same-sex marriages , including eight in which court rulings in favor of allowing same-sex marriage are under review : The state 's constitutional ban on gay marriage , passed in 2004 , was struck down twice last year -- once by a state court judge and again by a U.S. District Court judge . Local officials issued some 400 marriage licenses following the state court decision , but the state Supreme Court blocked the issuance of more licenses pending its review of the case . A decision could come soon . Georgia is one of just three states with no legislative action or pending legal decisions whatsoever on same-sex marriage . The others are North Dakota and Nebraska . However , lawsuits are pending to overturn the state 's 2004 ban . The state 's ban is being challenged in state court , where a judge last year ruled the law is unconstitutional , and in federal court , where a U.S. District Court judge took the rare step , for a federal judge , of backing such a ban . The ban remains in place pending Louisiana 's appeal of the state court ruling . On the federal level , a ruling is pending out of the U.S Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit , which heard arguments in the case in January . Last year , a U.S. District Court judge ruled that the state 's constitutional amendment banning gay marriages had no "  legitimate purpose . " The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit later overturned the ruling , reinstating gay marriage bans in Kentucky and four other states . The Kentucky ban is part of the U.S. Supreme Court case scheduled for arguments in April and a decision by June . A U.S. District Court judge ruled last year that the state 's same-sex marriage ban was unconstitutional , resulting in the issuance of more than 300 marriage licenses . That ended when the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted a stay . The court later reinstated Michigan 's ban in the same ruling that reinstated Kentucky 's ban . Its fate will be decided by the Supreme Court decision due by June . A state court judge ruled in November that Missouri 's 2004 constitutional ban on gay marriage was illegal . Attorney General Chris Koster appealed the ruling to the state Supreme Court . But that court has indicated that it will not rule on the case until after the U.S. Supreme Court decision . Just a few days after that state court ruling , a U.S. District Court judge struck down the state 's marriage ban , but that decision has been stayed pending appeals . While the state ban is in effect , officials in the St. Louis area have issued marriage licenses to same-sex couples . A U.S. District Court judge granted an injunction last year against the state 's same-sex marriage ban , describing it as unconstitutional . The judge , however , postponed his ruling from going into effect to give the state time to appeal . A federal appeals court heard arguments in the case in January . In the meantime , the same-sex marriage ban is still in effect . A decade ago , a federal court ruled than an amendment banning same-sex marriages was unconstitutional . But the decision was short-lived . An appeals court reinstated the ban . Rights groups have filed legal challenges . Same-sex couples are challenging the state 's ban in U.S. District Court , but a federal judge issued a ruling on January 20 delaying the proceedings until after the U.S. Supreme Court rules . U.S. District Court Judge Karen Schreier struck down the state 's same-sex marriage ban in January , but blocked enforcement pending an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit . The state 's ban was struck down in January 2014 by a federal judge who said it serves "  no legitimate governmental purpose . " But , as in many other states , enforcement was delayed pending appeals . The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit heard the case last month and a ruling is pending . A federal appeals court judge upheld a ban last year on same-sex marriages in the state . That decision is part of the U.S. Supreme Court case expected to be finalized this summer . In November 2014 , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit upheld the state 's ban . That decision also will be part of the U.S. Supreme Court case .	Rulings in favor of allowing same-sex marriage are under review in eight of the 13 states The U.S. Supreme Court could settle the issue for good when it rules this year
CNN  -- Be bold ! Think big ! Barack Obama wants to do just that . An $ 800 billion economic stimulus plan . Three million jobs . Health care reform . A restructured automobile industry . Obama 's popularity with voters will win him influence with political opponents . Obama won the biggest Democratic majority for president in 44 years . His party made big gains in Congress . Democrats now have a majority of nearly 60 percent in both the House and Senate . President Obama 's got a mandate . And a majority . What 's to stop him ? Just this : the U.S. system of government . It is set up to make it difficult to get things done . The Constitution was written 222 years ago by men who did n't trust government . They had just waged a revolution against a king . To the founders of the American republic , strong government meant despotism . So they set up a system with an elaborate separation of powers . The idea was to ensure weak government . The dirty little secret of American government is that it was designed not to work very well . As president after president has discovered , there are innumerable ways opponents can stop measures from getting passed , even if the president 's party holds a majority in Congress . The Senate has its own rule that 's not in the Constitution requiring a super-majority of 60 Senate votes to control the agenda . A minority of 41 senators can "  filibuster " a measure and prevent it from coming up for a vote . How many votes will Republicans have in the Senate ? 41 or 42 , depending on the outcome in Minnesota where ballots are still being counted . Presidents often have problems holding their own party together . That 's because members of Congress are elected by local constituencies and they are expected to represent local interests . American politicians are independent political entrepreneurs . They are not foot-soldiers of a party . When Bill Clinton first became president , he had a solid Democratic majority in Congress . But he could not get his health care reform plan passed . After an intense advertising campaign by opponents , many Americans were worried that the Clintons were planning a government takeover of the health care system . The Clinton plan failed , and within two years , Democrats lost their majority in Congress . One-party control did n't work any better for George W. Bush . Bush had trouble getting what he wanted -- notably , immigration reform -- from a Republican Congress . Republicans lost their majority in Congress in 2006 . But here 's another dirty little secret of American government : it often does work . Very well in fact . Under the right conditions , barriers fall away and things get done , sometimes with amazing speed and efficiency . What are the right conditions ? An overwhelming sense of public urgency . That sense of urgency certainly existed after 9/11 , when Congress quickly passed the Patriot Act . Getting anything big done in American government requires a sense of crisis . That 's why politicians in the U.S. are always declaring crises -- a drug crisis , an education crisis , an environmental crisis . Or they 're trying to rally the country to fight a war on something -- a war on poverty , a war on crime . If the public urgency is not authentic , however , opponents wo n't have much trouble stopping things from happening . Obama certainly takes office at a time of crisis , just as Abraham Lincoln and Franklin D. Roosevelt did . Like them , he has the opportunity to transform American government . Members of Congress who try to block President Obama 's program may find themselves in political trouble . Because there is yet another dirty little secret of American government : the United States is the most populist democracy in the world . Here , the people rule . When the people want something , they will get it , whether it 's the death penalty or gun rights or lower taxes . Why does n't the United States have a metric system or dollar coins like other countries ? Because the people wo n't use them . Obama 's popularity is soaring right now . When a president is popular , he has clout . Everyone wants to be on his side , even members of the opposition party . They 're in business for themselves , and supporting a popular president is good for business . Standing in his way could drive them out of business . American government is not an efficient , well-oiled machine . It was never designed to be . It has to be lubricated by public pressure . If the people are shouting "  Do something ! " -- as they are right now -- then something will happen . Even if it means a lot more spending and a lot more government . The people reserve one key right : they will let the government know , rather quickly , whether or not it 's working .	Three secrets behind the way U.S. government works It was designed to ensure weak government In times of crisis usual barriers fall away If voters want something done , it will get done somehow
At least 79 people were killed and roughly 270 others wounded Sunday in a fresh wave of violence largely targeting Iraqi security forces and predominantly Shiite areas , government officials said . The blasts and shootings across Iraq come on the heels of a particularly brutal few recent weeks in the Middle Eastern nation . More than 70 Iraqi security force members , for instance , were killed last month , according to the Interior Ministry . "  I strongly condemn the heinous attacks and the senseless violence that , once again , have claimed dozens of lives , " the United Nations ' special representative for Iraq , Martin Kobler , said in a statement Sunday . The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad also released a statement late Sunday condemning what it called "  terrorist attacks that targeted innocent men , women and children across Iraq today , " calling them "  heinous acts  that  targeted Iraqi communities indiscriminately . " Few parts of Iraq were immune to violence Sunday . Here is a breakdown , according to officials with the Iraqi Interior Ministry : Baghdad A car bomb exploded in an outdoor market in the Nahrawan district in southeastern Baghdad , killing one civilian Sunday evening . In the al-Shulaa neighborhood in northwestern Baghdad , a car bomb exploded outside a popular restaurant , killing five people and wounding 38 others . In the al-Washash neighborhood in northwestern Baghdad , a car bomb exploded at the entrance of an outdoor market , killing seven people and wounding 21 others . A car bomb exploded in an outdoor market in the al-Hurriya neighborhood in northwestern Baghdad , killing three people and wounding 14 others . And in Sadr City , a largely poor and predominantly Shiite area in eastern Baghdad , at least 13 died and 43 were wounded after a car bomb exploded outside a popular coffee shop in Al-Falah Square . Earlier , officials reported two dead in this blast . Four were killed by yet another car bombing in a busy square in another predominantly Shiite neighborhood , this one in the southeastern part of the Iraqi capital . Amara Two car bombs exploded in central Amara , killing two people and wounding 10 others , according to two officials with the Iraqi Interior Ministry . The attacks took place on a busy commercial street , the officials said . Kirkuk A car bomb targeting a police recruitment center killed eight people and wounded 36 others , officials said . In another attack , two blasts -- from car and roadside bombs -- hit the intelligence headquarters , killing eight and wounding 50 others . A car bomb and a roadside bomb in the town of Tuz-Kurmato targeted Iraqi security forces , killing three people and wounding 11 others , officials said . Tikrit Gunmen targeted an army checkpoint that leads to a military base , killing four Iraqi soldiers , the Interior Ministry said . Afterward , the gunmen planted homemade bombs at the checkpoint . When more Iraqi soldiers arrived at the scene to investigate , several of the devices detonated , killing seven soldiers and wounding seven more , Interior Ministry officials said . Western Basra A car bomb exploded at an outdoor market , killing three people , the Interior Ministry said . The blast , which took place near an army checkpoint , also wounded 25 people . Taji Car bombs exploded in three separate locations , killing one and wounding seven . Nasiriya Two bombs exploded on a busy commercial street , killing six people and wounding 10 others , the Interior Ministry said . The bombings took place near the French Consulate , security officials said , adding that they did not know whether the consulate was targeted . Falluja Gunmen shot dead an Iraqi soldier at a checkpoint in central Falluja , officials said . Abu Ghraib Gunmen attacked an Iraqi army checkpoint and killed three soldiers , officials said . Recent attacks Last week , gunmen killed at least five police officers in the city of Ramadi , police said . Iraq has battled political infighting among Shiites , Sunnis and Kurds , raising worries that the political conflict will return to the level of violence that nearly tore the country apart in 2006 . While violence has decreased since the height of the U.S.-led war in 2005 and 2006 , there has been a sharp escalation in attacks in recent months . In July , the number of dead hit a two-year peak with 325 deaths reported , according to the Interior Ministry . That 's the deadliest single month since August 2010 , it said . Baghdad 's Shiite-dominated government has blamed the recent attacks on Sunni insurgents with ties to al Qaeda . U.S. troops completed their withdrawal from Iraq in December .	U.S. Embassy condemns "  heinous , " "  terrorist attacks " targeting "  innocent " people At least 79 are killed and about 270 are wounded Sunday , officials say 33 die in car bombings targeting public places around Baghdad In Falluja and Abu Ghraib , gunmen shoot soldiers to death
CNN  -- The Grand Ole Opry House is closed for repairs after record amounts of rain sent water 2 feet above its historic stage , damaging instruments , memorabilia and archival tapes at the country music landmark . Gaylord Entertainment Chief Executive Officer Colin Reed said he did not know how long the facility will be closed . The neighboring Gaylord Opryland Resort , a 2,881-room hotel , also is closed for restoration but will be open before the end of 2010 , he said . "  We 're going to do everything in our power to restore the stuff that 's been damaged by water , " Reed said Friday . He said that quick thinking by Opry management Sunday saved much of the memorabilia there . Shows scheduled at the facility will move to other Nashville venues during repairs , he said . Massive flooding has caused more than $ 1.5 billion in property damage in the Nashville area , city officials said Friday . Investigators were still searching for two people reported missing and surveying the damage in the city and surrounding Davidson County . The flooding damaged at least 1,952 residential properties , city officials said in a statement . Cleanup crews have collected about 80 truckloads of debris from flooded neighborhoods . Most of the water that inundated several neighborhoods in Nashville receded by Friday , seven days after heavy rain swelled the Cumberland River . One of the city 's main water treatment plants remained closed because of the flooding Friday , prompting officials to tell residents to put off washing dishes and to limit toilet flushing . Last weekend 's storm system devastated Tennessee and neighboring states , leaving at least 31 people dead in three states , authorities say . Twenty-one people have been confirmed dead in hard-hit Tennessee . One person died in a tornado in Hardeman County that was spawned by the storms , according to the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency . The same storm system killed six people in Mississippi and four in Kentucky , emergency management officials said . The death toll could rise as rescue crews continue to search for several people who have been reported missing , including two kayakers in Kentucky and several people in Tennessee , officials said . "  Nashville has obviously been hard-hit , and it 's a well-known city , but there are so many other counties in the state and areas ... that have been hit very hard as well , " Gov. Phil Bredesen said Thursday morning . "  A lot of people who did n't have flood insurance , because they never thought floodwaters would ever come anywhere near their home , are really looking at a total loss of their home , " he said . "  It 's very tough on a lot of people right now . " The federal government has declared 27 Tennessee counties disaster areas . CNN 's Martin Savidge contributed to this report .	Unclear when country music landmark will reopen , Gaylord Entertainment CEO says Record amount of flooding drenches stage , damages instruments and memorabilia Massive rainfall in Nashville area causes more than $ 1.5 billion in property damage Floods leave 31 dead , others missing in three states as waters recede
CNN  -- A young woman , her face wet with tears , stares into the lens of a video camera . "  Believe me when I tell you , " she says , her voice breaking , "  that if this was n't necessary , that if my dad knew that he could make us survive in Mexico , he would have never brought us here . " She and two other young people , all of whom live in Los Angeles , are the subjects of Eliot Rausch 's new film "  Limbo . " The 19-minute film was to premiere Friday in New York as part of the 2012 Vimeo Festival + Awards . Held every 18 months , the event is hosted by video-sharing site Vimeo to celebrate the Internet as a medium for film and bring together members of the Vimeo community who interact regularly online but rarely meet . Vimeo reports more than 8 million users and more than 65 million unique visitors per month . "  So much in our daily lives now , we only meet people online , " said festival co-director Jeremy Boxer . "  We wanted to do something that was a hybrid between a conference and a film festival . " An emerging showcase for online film , this year 's festival features lectures by industry veterans like filmmaker Ed Burns and Academy Award-nominated documentarian Lucy Walker plus workshops and screenings . Thirteen films were selected for top awards out of a pool of 14,567 submissions from 147 countries . A panel of judges , including Rausch and actors Aziz Ansari and James Franco , chose which films received the $ 5,000 prizes . The festival 's $ 25,000 grand prize was awarded Thursday night to directing collective Everynone for its lyrical three-minute film , "  Symmetry . " All the award winners -- films must be no longer than 20 minutes -- can be viewed online . "  Limbo " will be posted on Vimeo within the next few days , said Deborah Szajngarten , the site 's global communications director . From ` Oden ' to ` Limbo ' Rausch won the grand prize at the first Vimeo Festival + Awards , held in late 2010 , for his short film "  Last Minutes with Oden . " The film documents ex-convict Jason Wood 's emotions as he must euthanize his beloved dog , Oden , who had been suffering from cancer . A poignant chronicle of love between human and pet , it has been viewed on Vimeo 2.5 million times . But after winning the award , Rausch felt guilty . "  I think the project was exploiting the life of a friend and his suffering , " he said . So , in the months that followed , Rausch came up with the idea to use his $ 25,000 prize money to create a film that might empower his subjects instead of simply chronicling their struggles . Rausch , 30 , was working with students who benefit from the California DREAM Act when he stumbled upon the spark for "  Limbo . " The DREAM Act  Development , Relief , and Education for Alien Minors  , a legal means of providing paperless illegal-immigrant youth access to higher education and financial aid , was signed into California law in October 2011 . The federal version of the bill , which has stalled in the Senate , may become a divisive issue in the presidential election . Three "  Dreamers " caught Rausch 's attention when they shared their life stories with him last year in a private meeting . All three are undocumented teenagers from Mexico who are living with family members in East Los Angeles , Rausch said . "  All three of them came over the border -LSB- between Mexico and the United States -RSB- illegally at a very young age where they did n't have a choice , " he said . He declined to reveal names or other personal details about his subjects , who risk deportation . Rausch saw a film taking shape from the narratives of the man and the two young women but could n't figure out how to construct it . Then he noticed the first-person video being posted online during last year 's Arab Spring uprisings in Egypt and elsewhere , and it occurred to him that he could give his three subjects the tools to tell their own story . Last September , Rausch gave them point-and-shoot video cameras and asked that they use them to document their lives . "  I quickly realized that the technology is there , that each individual is becoming his or her own journalist , " Rausch said . "  I thought , could there be a chance to empower the subject matter themselves to capture the story ? Could they present their own film ? And I could just step out of the way and be there as a teacher ? " This approach , Rausch believes , is in keeping with our mobile digital age , in which every person with a smartphone or a Flip camera is a potential journalist . "  We 're in a time where all these resources and tools are available to everybody , " agreed Boxer , the festival director . ` Giving the voiceless a voice ' After an introduction to filmmaking and three months of daily shooting , the three apprentice filmmakers presented Rausch with more than 100 hours of intimate , sometimes gut-wrenching footage . One young narrator used her video camera to document her family 's painful search for her father after his arrest and deportation to Mexico . Since he was deported , she and her family members have been trying to support themselves by baking and selling bread . "  I know that under the law what we 're doing -LSB- being in the U.S. illegally -RSB- is a crime , " says the teary young woman in the film . "  But we 're just trying to survive . " She said the ordeal has given her new respect for her mother . "  She 's the strongest woman I 've ever known . No matter what life throws at her , she 's always been able to get up . " The woman , who wants to be a lawyer , said that documenting herself on video was a learning process . "  It was hard , " she said . "  I did n't want to take the camera at times . " The other young woman in the film also hopes to become a lawyer , while the man aspires to be a journalist , Rausch said . He and producer Mark Schwartz spent countless hours pruning down the trio 's footage to make the film . Rausch said he did n't make "  Limbo " as a political statement about the hot-button issue of immigration . "  It was more about giving the voiceless a voice , " he said . While he ceded control of the narrative to the students , Rausch still assigns his own meaning to the final cut . "  It 's ultimately a social experiment , " he said . Rausch said he hopes "  Limbo " can represent a new , unfiltered form of cinematic storytelling . "  We 're at a point in time now where myself , documentarians and filmmakers should start finding ways to actually empower the story to tell itself rather than putting our own spin on it , " he said . "  So let 's find ways to purify , simplify and get to the core of the experience rather than waiting for the perfect production or perfect way to articulate it . " After "  Last Minutes with Oden , " his conscience has been appeased . "  I know for a moment in time , -LSB- these -RSB- three teens felt valued , " he said . "  Their voices were heard and I can sleep OK tonight . "	"  Limbo " was to premiere Friday in New York as part of the 2012 Vimeo Festival + Awards The short film by Eliot Rausch chronicles the lives of three young illegal immigrants A previous Rausch film , "  Last Minutes with Oden , " has been viewed 2.5 million times Thirteen films were selected for top Vimeo awards out of a pool of 14,567 submissions
CNN  -- "  The moment I got into the modeling industry , I knew I had to be an entrepreneur , " says former supermodel Iman . One of the most recognized models of the 1970s and '80s , Iman has used her entrepreneurial skills to great effect in the fashion industry , with her own cosmetics business and in her charitable fund-raising work . Married to rock star David Bowie and now residing in New York , Iman was born in Somalia in 1955 . Her father was an ambassador , but her comfortable upbringing was disrupted in 1969 with the assassination of Somalia 's president , forcing her and her family to flee to Kenya . "  We left Somalia with nothing but the clothes on our back . Not even photographs , nothing . So it 's a total loss of everything and a total loss of your own self , your own country , your own place in terms of your people . If you 're lucky you 're in a country that will give you a second chance , " she told CNN . She was lucky and her adopted home of Kenya provided her with a scholarship at Nairobi University , and it was also in the Kenyan capital that she was discovered as a model . Stopped on a Nairobi street by fashion photographer Peter Beard , she was soon signed by a top model agency and moved to New York in 1975 . With her exotic looks she caused a stir in the fashion world , helped in part by a fanciful story about her background spread by Beard . "  They wanted to believe because it 's kind of like ` My Fair Lady ' . Everything about that article was fabricated ... I was discovered herding goats and discovered in the jungle ; I 've never seen the jungle in my life . I was a city girl , " she said . Iman admits she was complicit in the fabrication , suggesting an early realization that the fashion industry was built around control and manipulation . "  I had to be very clever about not over exposing myself , not under exposing myself . I had to make sure that I knew my worth that I would not settle if they gave me less . I knew how to walk away . It 's very key . " After facing numerous challenges being a black model , she launched Iman Cosmetics in 1994 , designed for models no matter the color of their skin . A hugely successful catwalk career as a model ended in 1989 , but she faced up to the transitory nature of her career and gained a greater sense of self long before that when she was injured in a car accident in 1983 . "  Where everything was about what you do and about how you look , it changed to more security about me . It was not about ` how will I look ten years from now ? ' It all became about what kind of person would I be ten years from now . "  Because of it I became very comfortable in my own skin . In a weird way I did n't think about outward looks anymore , " she said .	Former supermodel Iman now has own multi-million dollar cosmetics business Discovered by photographer Peter Beard in Kenya ; married to David Bowie Organizes fund-raising events for charities including , Keep A Child Alive "  Iman : The moment I got into the modeling industry , I knew I had to be an entrepreneur "
CNN  -- In an ever-evolving , increasingly crowded beverage market , Starbucks is waking up and smelling the coffee . The problem is it 's not their house blend . "  Here 's a statistic that people are surprised by . Despite the long-term success that we 've enjoyed , we have less than 10 percent share of coffee consumption in North America . And less -LSB- than -RSB- 1 percent share internationally , " Starbucks Chairman , President and CEO Howard Schultz told CNN Money . Advertising Age also recently pointed out that despite Starbucks being the world 's largest coffeehouse chain with more than 13,000 locations in more than 50 countries , even its most devout customers purchase only three of every 10 cups of coffee they drink from Starbucks . So , who is stealing Starbucks ' mojo ? Folgers , a division of J.M. Smucker Co. , is still the largest producer of retail packaged coffee in the United States . Its coffee brands include Folgers and Millstone , and it also manufactures and distributes Dunkin' Donuts coffee to sell in grocery stores . Then there is the other American coffee titan , Maxwell House , which is a Kraft Foods brand . Kraft reported soaring earnings in its 2010 first quarter , linking the growth to new advertising and innovation behind existing Kraft brands such as Maxwell House . This competition is stirring Starbucks to step up its home-brewed strategy , partially by adding some flavor . An AC Nielsen panel recently found that more than 11 percent of American households purchase flavored coffee for home use , making it a $ 265 million business in the United States . Starbucks Corp. will enter the fray in June when Starbucks Natural Fusions , in vanilla , caramel and cinnamon , arrives at grocery stores . Additionally , Starbucks wants to capture a larger share of the U.S. brewed coffee market by leaning on its VIA Ready Brew line and Seattle 's Best coffee brand to increase the number of distribution points . Starbucks acquired its former competitor , Seattle 's Best Coffee , seven years ago . "  We are uniquely positioned to reach into these channels because of the brand equity and trust we build with the customers who come into our stores , " Starbucks said in a statement to CNN . Seattle 's Best , in part , will take aim against Starbucks ' typically lower-priced , quick-service rivals such as McDonald 's and Dunkin' Donuts . In a new rebranding effort , Starbucks plans to distribute the Seattle 's Best brand in Burger King and Subway restaurants nationwide . McDonald 's coffee sales have increased every year since the company first introduced its McCafe line of premium coffee in 2006 . In April , McDonald 's announced its U.S. comparable sales rose 3.8 percent , citing beverages , including the new McCafe offerings such as Frappes , as a top contributor to that growth . Despite all this , Starbucks CEO Schultz said the expanding marketplace might just be an advantage to all of its players . "  The level of awareness that was created by McDonald 's ' tens of millions of dollars of advertising created more trial in the marketplace and differentiation . "	Starbucks wants a bigger share of N. American coffee market than its current 10 percent Folgers is the largest producer of retail packaged coffee in the United States Starbucks to put its Seattle 's Best brand in Burger King and Subway Starbucks flavored coffees -- vanilla , caramel , cinnamon -- head to grocery stores in June
CNN  -- An American amateur golfer is poised to extend an incredible world record on December 26 as he aims to complete his 600th round of 2010 . Richard Lewis holds the Guinness Book of World Records ' title of "  Most Avid Golfer " after breaking the mark of most rounds played in a year when he finished his 587th on December 19 . The 64-year-old , who has played as many as 54 holes in a day , will take to the tee at the Four Seasons Resort and Club in the Las Colinas region of Dallas , Texas for his next milestone . He has played all of his rounds at the club 's TPC venue -- which hosts the PGA Tour 's Byron Nelson Championship event -- and its private members ' course at Cottonwood Valley . Lewis , who has walked an estimated 3,900 miles during the feat , explained how this achievement is the next best thing to being a professional golfer . "  When I was 10 years old , I wanted to be a PGA Tour pro , " he told the tour 's website . "  But it never worked out for me . Now I have another quest , another goal , which I fully intend to complete in December . " To commemorate his momentous 18 holes , Lewis will play alongside supporters who have paid more than $ 5,000 to compete alongside him when he starts at his usual tee-off time of 7.30 a.m. . The funds raised will then be donated to "  The First Tee of Dallas , " a local charity aimed at improving the lives of young people through golf . After his effort on December 26 , Lewis will continue to play until the end of this year , with his final total likely to stand at 611 . Lewis told the PGA Tour website that he has missed only 19 days this year -- all due to bad weather . He has lost 40 pounds during the challenge despite eating at least one pizza a day plus protein drinks to keep up his strength . Four Seasons club manager Rob Cowan has hailed the veteran golfer 's efforts . "  The detail to his quest is just amazing , " Cowan said . "  Just eating healthy , staying healthy and getting ready for another round . "  In fact , I would say nobody in the 27-year history of the Four Seasons has gotten more out of his membership than Richard . "	"  The World 's Most Avid Golfer " is set to complete his 600th round of 2010 Richard Lewis will play the landmark round on December 26 in Dallas , Texas The 64-year-old will continue to play until end of 2010 and his total is set to reach 611 He has missed playing only 19 days this year , all due to inclement weather
CNN  -- Isabel Capuano was on a flight to Florida when she looked out the window and saw a piece of the aircraft fly off . At first , it appeared to be a piece of an engine cover lifting up . Then , "  the whole thing just tore off and flew into the air , " she told CNN affiliate WLS in Chicago . The engine was exposed . "  I wanted to get off of it right away . " The Spirit Airlines flight out of O'Hare airport , en route to Fort Lauderdale Saturday morning , made an emergency landing back at O'Hare . "  Shortly after takeoff , a passenger observed an engine cowling on the right side had left the aircraft , " said Elizabeth Cory , spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration . "  We are actively investigating to confirm the specifics of what happened and the cause , " Spirit Airlines spokeswoman Misty Pinson said . "  We are currently inspecting the aircraft and the right engine cowlings that were recovered on airport property . " Passengers were booked on other flights or offered refunds .	An engine cover flew off after takeoff The Spirit Airlines filght made an emergency landing It took off from and landed at Chicago 's O'Hare airport The flight was supposed to go to Fort Lauderdale
Atlanta  CNN  -- He once walked through fire ; now , he 's using fire to forge a September 11 memorial . Artist , sculptor and former Marine firefighter Curtis James Miller will unveil his memorial Sunday , the 10th anniversary of the terrorist attacks , in an Atlanta suburb . He recently spoke to CNN about his work ; here 's an edited transcript of that interview : CNN : Tell me a little about how this project started . Curtis James Miller : Doug Harms , who works with  the  DeKalb  County  Fire  Department  , approached me about doing this memorial . I guess he saw my work online . So , he contacted me and told me about his idea to do a memorial outside the fire station using a piece of Trade Center steel . From the time we spoke , I kind of had one idea stuck in my head : the phoenix wing , rising out of the ashes . CNN : Where were you on September 11 ? Miller : I was somewhere in the middle-end of my firefighter training in the Marine Corps . So that day really put a picture of reality on the job I was doing both as a firefighter and as a Marine . CNN : How long were you a Marine ? Miller : I joined the Marines around '99 and I had my last tour , my second tour of Iraq , back in 2008 . So , I think around 10 years . CNN : How did you decide to make the jump to art after your service ? Miller : I 've always done art . I did it before I went into the military , and now I 'm continuing with it . I went to  the Savannah College of Art and Design  when I transitioned back . I 've graduated since then , and now I 'm sort of a vagabond in life right now . It really gives me a great opportunity to do what I want to do . And this project is part of it . CNN : You 've said you enjoy doing memorials . Why is that ? Miller : I see myself , the artist side of me , as a storyteller . And I do n't really see art as all that important . It 's something I do , it 's something I 've done , it 's always a part of me , and I enjoy it . But I 'm not building bridges ; I 'm not saving people 's lives ; I 'm painting pretty pictures . So the importance to me of art that I can do is to memorialize people who deserve it . So this is really a chance for me to say these people are important . With this memorial specifically , it kind of dawned on me the other day : It 's not just about 9/11 . It 's not just about that day . It 's about the people that lost their lives and that were affected and lost family , friends , but it continues , especially doing this 10 years later , it 's about the people that continue to serve . Before 9/11 , after 9/11 , they 're still important . And this memorial sort of brings that to light . And to me , that 's important . To keep people 's minds open . And that 's kind of what art can do . CNN : What materials are you working with for this piece ? Miller : It 's steel . And it 's handmade . It 's been myself and my team working at all hours of the night . In all temperatures of the  summer  heat . And adding to that temperature , the forges and the heat and the welding and the leather protective gear we 're wearing . CNN : Is there any significance with the number of feathers on your sculpture ? Miller : My uncle called me in the beginning of the build and said 343 . And I said , yeah . That 's the number of firefighters that died in 9/11 . He said 343 feathers . I kind of looked at my drawings and design . I said maybe I could maybe make it happen . But the feathers are too big , and there was n't enough room to make it happen . But wings in general mean a lot . And everybody has their own connection to them . CNN : What will it look like when it 's all finished ? Miller : It will be set on a solid piece of granite that 's in the shape of a pentagon . Not just to symbolize that building alone but the military and country . And having that ... phoenix wing coming out of the ashes with that piece of the trade tower there , that wing can incorporate some of the emotion of the planes that were hijacked . And then we 'll have flight markers made out of granite . Four , one for each flight , with a timeline of all of the events for each flight on each marker . So the whole site is in a 52-foot circle in front of DeKalb County police and fire headquarters . To learn more about the memorial , visit the DeKalb 9/11 Memorial Project website .	Artist , sculptor and former Marine forging 9/11 memorial for Atlanta suburb Curtis James Miller will unveil memorial Sunday , 10th anniversary of terrorist attacks Memorial depicts phoenix wing rising from ashes , framing piece of Twin Towers steel
Military forces have managed to take the remaining strongholds of al Qaeda affiliate Al-Shabaab in the far northeast of the Somali capital , Mogadishu , the military said . "  In effect , operations will now focus on the environs of the city and policing within the liberated areas , " the African Union Mission in Somalia  AMISOM  said in a statement , adding that its troops worked with Transitional Federal Government forces . "  Our joint operations have gone extremely well today and over the weekend , " AMISOM spokesman Lt. Col. Paddy Ankunda said . "  Casualties have been thankfully very low on our side , with just one killed and six minor injuries . The outer north and eastern fringes of the city must still be cleared , but key ground and buildings are no longer under the control of the extremists . " "  It has been a big achievement to remove Al-Shabaab from the city , and put an end to the fighting that disrupted so many lives . But the challenge is now to protect civilians from the sort of terror attack we saw last week , as they attempt to rebuild their lives . " Last week Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for a suicide truck bombing in the heart of Mogadishu that left dozens dead . Other Al-Shabaab attacks last week led to the deaths of at least 10 civilians . Al-Shabaab was designated as a foreign terrorist organization by the U.S. government in March 2008 . The group is waging a war against Somalia 's government to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or Sharia . Federal and African Union forces in the impoverished and chaotic nation have battled the group for years . Many analysts believe Al-Shabaab has been severely weakened by AMISOM , targeted strikes against foreign members and the weakening of al Qaeda . Al-Shabaab said in August that it was withdrawing from Mogadishu , and the Transitional Federal Government , backed by African Union peacekeepers , now control most districts of the capital city , the United Nations office said . Forces have pushed Al-Shabaab outside most of Mogadishu , but the group is still a major threat , said African Union forces spokesman Lt. Col. Paddy Nkunda in a statement last week .	Military forces say they have taken strongholds in northeastern Mogadishu The military cites "  a big achievement " Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for an attack last week that killed dozens
Twelve people have been sentenced to death for organizing attacks that left dozens of people dead in the restive western Chinese province of Xinjiang earlier this year . The incident -- described by authorities as an "  organized and premeditated " terror attack -- occurred in the region 's Shache County on July 28 , when a gang wielding knives and axes attacked civilians , a police station , government offices and smashed vehicles . Police returned fire and shot dozens of the attackers , state media reported at the time . State media has reported a wave of violent attacks in Xinjiang in recent months . Twenty-nine people were killed and 130 injured when men armed with long knives stormed a train station in Kunming in March . The next month , an attack on a train station in Urumqi , Xinjiang 's capital , left three dead , including the attackers , and an attack on an Urumqi market in May killed at least 39 people . Ethnic tensions The province has seen longstanding tensions between its Uyghur Muslim population , a Turkic people , and the local Han population -- China 's biggest ethnic group . Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment toward China 's Han in recent years over what they say is harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and Han people taking the lion 's share of economic opportunities in Xinjiang -- a charge China 's central government denies . Monday 's hearing at the court in Kashgar , western Xinjiang , also saw 15 others handed the death penalty , but suspended for two years , according to the official news portal of the government of northwest China 's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region , and quoted by the state-run Xinhua news agency . Nine people were jailed for life , while another 20 defendants got four to 20 years behind bars . An additional two defendants were released on probation . Q&A : Xinjiang and tensions in China 's restive far west	Gang wielding knives attacked civilians , a police station , government offices in Xinjiang Authorities called it an "  organized and premeditated " terror attack The province has seen longstanding tensions between Uyghur Muslims and Han population Some Uyghurs have complained of harsh treatment from Chinese security forces
At a college reunion , it 's common for alumni to share post-collegiate achievements with each other . But a report compiled for this year 's 50th reunion class at Harvard University contained an unusual entry . Ted Kaczynski , the so-called "  Unabomber " and Harvard alumnus , listed his eight life sentences for a string of bombings that killed three people and wounded 23 others as an "  award " in the class of 1962 report . The Harvard Alumni Association said in a statement Thursday that they "  regret publishing Kaczynski 's references to his convictions and apologize for any distress that it may have caused others . " The Boston Globe published an apparent photo of the entry , which lists Kaczynski 's occupation as "  prisoner " and his address as "  No 04475-046 , US Penitentiary-Max , P.O. Box 8500 , Florence , CO 8126-8500 . " In the section where alumni list their awards , Kaczynski 's entry reads : "  eight life sentences , issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California , 1998 . " Kaczynski 's entry was published in a class reunion report , which was distributed in advance of the 1962 reunion . All members of the class who submit their own entries are included in each year 's report , according to the alumni association . Kaczynski was arrested in 1996 and pleaded guilty in 1998 for sending bombs through the mail from 1978 to 1995 .	Ted Kaczynski , the so-called "  Unabomber , " listed his eight life sentences as an "  award " The entry was listed in the Harvard class of 1962 alumni report The Harvard Alumni Association say they "  regret publishing Kaczynski 's references "
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- His compound in Tripoli has been overrun , rebels control the closest international airport and world leaders including President Barack Obama are declaring his 42-year rule over . One major question that remains unanswered is : Where is Moammar Gadhafi ? Rebel fighters who searched the sprawling Bab al-Aziziya compound in the Libyan capital on Tuesday found boxes of weapons and ammunition , but no Gadhafi . With the fighters of the National Transitional Council also in control of Tripoli 's international airport , the options for an escape narrowed . Mukhtar al-Ahmar , who led the rebels in the takeover of the airport , said there had been fierce clashes there Wednesday , and speculated that Gadhafi loyalists were trying to "  to secure a route for Gadhafi to escape from Tripoli . " He said he saw an official convoy after sunset Tuesday , and said it was "  possible " Gadhafi was inside . "  He does n't seem to have much control of anything , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters Tuesday . "  It 's interesting that he still has n't been seen . " So where could Gadhafi be ? Professor Abubaker Saad , a former Gadhafi aide , on Tuesday described to CNN a system of bunkers under the Gadhafi compound in Tripoli that could serve as a hideout . However , Saad noted that NATO and the United States have fired anti-bunker bombs at the compound , so he doubted Gadhafi would hide out there . "  You have to remember that he is a military man , " Saad said . "  He knows they have weapons that could penetrate those bunkers . That 's why I 'm dismissing the idea that he 's still in there . " There has been speculation that tunnels might lead from Gadhafi 's now-overrun bunker to the Rixos hotel , where about 35 journalists are being held against their will by low-ranking Gadhafi loyalists . But CNN 's Matthew Chance , who is among the reporters trapped there , said journalists had scoured the hotel from top to bottom and seen no evidence of secret passages . Saad also noted that Gadhafi 's recent public communications , such as a statement broadcast on radio and a reported telephone call to Russia , were audio messages to avoid detection of his whereabouts . "  The quality of the audio has deteriorated , and that 's an indication that he is speaking from a distance , " Saad said . "  That 's why I am not really convinced that he is in the compound right now . " U.S. officials called for Gadhafi to make clear that , regardless of where he may be , he knows he 's out as the nation 's leader . The United States wants Gadhafi to issue "  a reliable , affirmative statement " to the international community and his loyalists still fighting in Tripoli "  that he understands ... his leadership is over , so everyone can move on , " Nuland said . While no sightings of Gadhafi have been reported , at least one source outside Libya -- the head of the World Chess Federation -- told Russia 's Interfax news agency that he spoke by telephone with him on Tuesday . According to Kirsan Ilyumzhinov , as reported by Interfax , Gadhafi said in the phone call to him at around 10 a.m. ET that he is "  alive and well in Tripoli and not going to leave Libya . " A U.S. official , speaking on condition of not being identified , said Gadhafi is most likely still in Tripoli . There has been nothing to confirm some reports or speculation that the longtime leader has gone to his hometown of Sirte , the official said . Observers cite three likely scenarios for Gadhafi 's immediate future -- his death at the hands of rebel forces , his capture , or his escape or exile to another country . Gadhafi and his second-eldest son , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , are under indictment for alleged crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court in The Hague , Netherlands . Officials at the ICC have made clear they want the Gadhafis to stand trial in The Hague , if possible . Countries considered possible exile homes for Gadhafi include Venezuela , a rumored destination for months . Gadhafi and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez have a close relationship forged in part by shared opposition to U.S. influence around the globe . In 2009 , Chavez was one of three world leaders to attend a lavish celebration of Gadhafi 's 40 years of rule in Tripoli , along with Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe and King Abdullah of Jordan . That same year a new football stadium in the now rebel-held town of Benghazi was named after the Venezuelan leader . On Tuesday , Chavez said his country would only recognize a Libyan government led by Gadhafi , state media reported . "  From here we confirm our solidarity with the Libyan people , our brother that is being assaulted and bombed ... as part of the imperial insanity , " Chavez said during a meeting of government ministers in Caracas , the state-run AVN news agency reported . Zimbabwe also is considered a possible exile destination , due to common interests between Gadhafi and President Mugabe -- an interest in pan-African solidarity , a disdain for colonial influence and the ignominy of being largely shunned by the international community . Saudi Arabia is considered a desert nation that might be more to Gadhafi 's Bedouin liking . The Saudis accepted the deposed leader of Tunisia , Zine El Abidine Ben Ali , after the uprising there that helped touch off protests across the Middle East and North Africa , including Libya , this year . However , Gadhafi 's relationship with Saudi Arabia has cooled since the Saudis accused Libyans of trying to kill their king several years ago , and it would be unlikely for the desert kingdom to accept an exiled Gadhafi now , according to Christopher Boucek , a Saudi Arabia expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . Other nations mentioned as possible destinations for Gadhafi include Cuba , Syria and Sudan . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Mike Pearson contributed to this report .	There is no sign of the longtime leader in his over-run compound A former aide says it is unlikely he is hiding in the bunkers below A rebel commander speculates that he wants to clear a route to the airport to flee Venezuela is considered a possible exile destination
U.S. fighter jets intercepted Russian bombers off Alaska and California this month , the latest incidents in a string of recent aerial encounters over the Pacific . On June 4 , according to U.S. defense officials , four long-range Russian Tu-95 Bear-H bombers , accompanied by an aerial refueling tanker , flew into the U.S. Air Defense Identification Zone , an area extending 200 miles from the North American coast , off Alaska , where they were intercepted by U.S. F-22 fighter jets . Two of the Russian bombers peeled off and headed west , while the other two flew south and were identified by U.S. F-15 fighters within 50 miles of the California coast . Capt. Jeff Davis , a spokesman for the North American Aerospace Defense Command , said it was the first time U.S. jets had intercepted Russian military aircraft off California since July 4 , 2012 . Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren said it is believed the Russian planes were on a training mission . Davis said the Russian planes were entirely within their rights during the flight . "  They followed all the protocols , and it was a very professional encounter on both sides , " he said . "  There was nothing that they were doing that was contrary to international law . " The Russian planes never entered U.S. territory proper , which by international law extends 13.8 miles  22.2 kilometers  from the U.S. coast . According to the Federal Aviation Administration , any aircraft entering the Air Defense Identification Zone , which extends 200 miles from the coasts of the United States and Canada , must file a flight plan indicating their intentions , must maintain radio contact with air controllers and must have an operational radar transponder . Davis said Russian flights into the air defense zone are intercepted about 10 times a year . But earlier this year , a top U.S. Air Force general said Russia was stepping up its military activities in the Asia-Pacific region as tensions increased over the Ukraine and Russia 's move into Crimea . Gen. Herbert "  Hawk " Carlisle , in a presentation to the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , talked up the increased Russian activity . "  They 've come with their long-range aviation off the coast of California ; they circumnavigated Guam , " Carlisle said , showing a picture of a U.S. F-15 fighter "  intercepting " a Russian bomber off the Pacific island . Guam is home to Andersen Air Force Base , which has been used by the U.S. military for flights of B-2 and B-52 bombers across the Pacific . Flights around Japan and the Korean Peninsula have also "  increased drastically , " as has naval activity in that area , Carlisle said . The confrontations are n't just near U.S. airspace . In April , a U.S. Air Force surveillance plane was buzzed by a Russian jet fighter while flying over the Sea of Okhotsk between Russia and Japan , U.S. military officials said . Describing the fly-by as "  straight out of a movie , " one U.S. official said a Russian Su-27 fighter jet flew within 100 feet of the nose of a U.S. Air Force RC-135U jet . The Russian aircraft turned and "  showed its belly " to the U.S. crew so they could see it was armed with missiles , a U.S official said . Also in April , U.S. defense officials say , a Russian fighter jet made a dozen low-altitude passes over the USS Donald Cook , a U.S. Navy guided missile destroyer that was operating in the Black Sea . On April 28 , a Russian Defense Ministry statement said Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu and U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel had discussed both incidents during a phone call that day . In response , the statement said , Shoygu "  offered to instruct the commanders in chief of the armed forces of both countries to discuss possible additional measures to address the interests of both countries to prevent future misperceptions of actions . " On the other side of the world , F-16 fighter jets from the Netherlands intercepted two Russian bombers in April . The Russian planes , which had come about a half-mile into Dutch airspace , were escorted out and then monitored by British planes as they flew north of Scotland . In a high-profile training mission of its own , the U.S. Air Force this week sent two of its top-of-the-line B-2 stealth bombers to an air base in Britain to conduct training operations . Three B-52 bombers were also sent from the U.S. on a two-week deployment to England , also for training purposes , according to an Air Force news release . U.S. sends B-2 stealth bombers to Europe Declassified report : Two nuclear bombs nearly detonated in North Carolina Ukrainian official : Russian tanks have entered the country	U.S. F-22s , F-15s intercept Russian bombers Russian planes were last intercepted off California in 2012 The Russian planes did not come inside U.S. territorial airspace The incident is the latest in a string of U.S.-Russian encounters
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Japan has joined the growing number of major economies that are back in black . Japan 's Prime Minister Taro Aso 's $ 150 billion stimulus helps nation out of recession . Japan 's economy grew 3.7 percent on an annualized basis from April to June this year , the first time the world 's second largest economy has seen positive growth in 15 months . The announcement of preliminary figures by Japan 's Cabinet Office comes after France and Germany surprised economists last week by posting 0.3 percent growth for the second quarter of the year . The news that Japan has rebounded -- the hardest hit of the major economies because of its reliance on exports -- gives economists cautious optimism that the worst of the global recession is over . "  The economy has seen a bottoming out of global demand , which has pushed out net exports ... especially in high tech industries and basic materials , such as chemical , steel and so on because of Chinese demand , " said Hiromichi Shirakawa , chief economist in Japan for Credit Suisse . Japan 's GDP grew just under 1 percent during the three-month period and trade increased 1.6 percent . The uptick marks the end of the worst recession in Japan since the end of World War II . Japan 's GDP fell at a record pace during the January-March quarter , when GDP was 15.4 percent lower than the same time period last year . The Japanese economy was buoyed by a historic ¥ 15 trillion  $ 150 billion  stimulus package in May , which included unemployment benefits , aid to struggling companies , promotion of green industries and a variety of tax breaks . "  There are many times in the past when tax breaks and fiscal stimulus were offered and failed , but this time around , it worked , " Shirakawa said . Economists expect GDP to continue modest growth through the rest of the year , especially with an expected rebound in global auto sales this quarter . But whether the recovery can continue into the new year after the stimulus package runs its course remains a question . "  Japan 's economy still is quite sensitive to global demand ... and for consumer demand to grow on a self-sustained basis still seems unlikely , " Shirakawa said .	Japan 's economy grows by 3.7 percent on an annualized basis First growth in the world 's second largest economy in 15 months Ends the nation 's worst recession since World War II
CNN  -- Apple said Wednesday that it never provided identification numbers of iPhones and iPads to the FBI , after hackers claimed to have scored millions of them by breaking into an agent 's laptop . "  The FBI has not requested this information from Apple , nor have we provided it to the FBI or any organization , " Apple said in a statement to CNN . Hackers with AntiSec , one of the multitude of groups associated with Web activist movement Anonymous , posted online what they claimed are the IDs of more than 1 million iPhones and iPads . And they say that 's just part of the more than 12 million IDs -- and other information such as users ' names , cell phone numbers and billing addresses -- they got from the laptop of an FBI agent . Apple added that in its latest mobile operating system , iOS 6 , Apple has replaced the types of identifiers the hackers appear to have gotten and will be discontinuing their use . Security experts have said that the IDs , posted on document-sharing site Pastebin , appear to be legitimate . A day earlier , the FBI denied the hackers ' claim that they accessed the laptop of Christopher K. Stangl , a cybersecurity expert , by exploiting a vulnerability in programming language Java . "  At this time there is no evidence indicating that an FBI laptop was compromised or that the FBI either sought or obtained this data , " the FBI said in a statement . The bureau 's press office went further on its Twitter feed . "  Bottom line : TOTALLY FALSE , " it wrote . Via the Twitter account that first posted a link to the documents , the hackers responded quickly Wednesday as word of Apple 's statement began spreading . "  Apple : We Did n't Give FBI Any Device IDs . But who did ? That 's the 10000001 $ question , " read a post on the feed . The group says it released exactly 1,000,001 IDs of the more than 12 million it collected . In one of the story 's more bizarre twists , the website Gawker posted a photo Wednesday of one of its reporters , Adrian Chen , wearing a ballet tutu with a tennis shoe on his head . In their Pastebin post , the hackers , in typically irreverent style , said they would n't be talking to the media about the hack unless Gawker posted such a photo of Chen , who sometimes writes critically of Anonymous . As of Wednesday afternoon , Chen said he had yet to hear from Anonymous .	Apple : We did n't give iPhone , iPad IDs to the FBI Hackers claim they got 12 million numbers from an agent 's laptop Apple 's new mobile operating system will quit using the numbers Meanwhile , journalist poses in tutu to get hacker interview
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- Imagine if Iowa held a caucus and nobody but Hillary Clinton showed up . Democrats of all stripes , including Clinton allies , have predicted for months that the former Secretary of State -- who was campaigning for midterm candidates in Iowa on Wednesday -- will face some kind challenge in the race for the Democratic nomination if she decides to run . The prospect of a Clinton campaign seems more likely with each passing day . But with the presidential race set to lurch into gear after next week 's midterm elections and no clear alternative to Clinton emerging , there are questions about whether she will be the sole candidate on the ballot . That would mark a dramatic shift from the rollicking caucus fights in previous campaigns , including Clinton 's battle with Barack Obama and John Edwards in 2008 . "  There is a distinct possibility that there will be no serious alternative , " said Kurt Meyer , a plugged-in Democratic activist from Mitchell County , Iowa . "  She may in essence have the field to herself , with one or two fringe protest candidates and no serious candidates opposing her . " The prospect of an uncontested race is a little bewildering to some Democrats here , where competitive caucuses are ingrained in the culture . "  It could be a process with just one person , " said Bonnie Campbell , a longtime Clinton loyalist in Des Moines . "  None of us can imagine that , because it has n't really happened before . " For their part , the GOP is n't worrying about a boring race . A platoon of Republicans -- Chris Christie , Rand Paul , Rick Perry , Ted Cruz and others -- have paraded through Iowa for the last two years , almost shamelessly transparent about their national intentions . Among the cast of Democratic potentials , Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley is the most active in Iowa , helping candidates up and down the ballot with campaign stops , paid staffers and financial assistance . Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders is also visible . Both men have said they are seriously considering running regardless of what Clinton does , though it 's hard to imagine Sanders , a 73-year-old self-described socialist , mounting much more than a protest candidacy . Meanwhile , Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , a progressive darling with grassroots appeal , whipped up a frenzy in the college town of Iowa City earlier this month at a campaign event for Senate candidate Bruce Braley in Iowa City . Former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb is weighing a run and Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick has n't quite ruled it out . Vice President Joe Biden , of course , is nurturing his long-standing relationships in the state . And Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar was warmly received after a headline speech at the state Democratic Party 's Jefferson-Jackson Dinner last weekend . But she also typified the reluctance of Democrats to step forward until Clinton 's decision is clear . "  I am excited about the possibility of Hillary Clinton running , " Klobuchar said in an interview . "  Democratic women senators have signed onto a letter asking her to run . I am one of them . I have put that in writing . " All of the Democrats , with the possible exception of Biden , are not widely-known to most voters and have room to grow their support in Iowa if they run . The state has rewarded insurgent candidacies in the past , and Clinton is a well-defined politician whose centrist politics and cautious instincts could make leave vulnerable to a challenge from a fresher-faced candidate with stronger progressive impulses . "  For Hillary , it 's about meeting the expectations , because she ca n't exceed them , " said state Rep. Pat Murphy , who is the Democratic nominee in Iowa 's First Congressional District . "  The thing about Iowa is they will give everybody a look , so you ca n't rule anybody out at this point . " But it 's also real possibility that none of the other choices run -- they have said as much publicly , with Warren particularly forceful in her denials -- potentially leaving Clinton in the driver 's seat with no one riding shotgun . Democrats here fear that a non-competitive one-woman show would sap the caucuses of grassroots energy and the potential for party-building , even with the history-making potential of her candidacy . "  If you look at the vigor that a caucus or primary brings to a party long-term , you have to hope that happens every once in an awhile , " Meyer said . "  If it had n't happened two cycles in a row , in 2004 and 2008 , then our party would be weaker than it is today . " Dave Price , a political reporter and anchor for WHO-TV in Des Moines , said a non-competitive Democratic caucus would offer Republicans another presidential cycle in the Iowa limelight , "  bashing Democrats non-stop . " He said Iowa 's quadrennial caucus-industrial-complex would much prefer a two feisty battles , as it did during the busy winter of 2007 and 2008 , rather than just one . "  Restaurants , hotels , everyone here gets used to it , " said Price , the author of "  Caucus Chaos , " a chronicle of the 2012 Iowa contest . "  It becomes its own spectator sport . You see people going all over town the week before the caucuses trying to see famous people , politicians , journalists , operatives , whoever . " Though past campaigns are never predictive , even those preparing for a Clinton challenge struggle to remember a previous caucus dynamic like this one : A singular , dominant frontrunner -- who still needs to make inroads with an electorate that never quite warmed to her in 2008 -- and a cast of smaller figures who may or may not run . "  I do n't recall anything like this , " said Campbell , the Clinton supporter . There was the 1992 caucus campaign , when Iowa Sen. Tom Harkin , the hometown liberal , sought the Democratic nomination , allowing his opponents to forfeit the state and focus their energies on New Hampshire and elsewhere . Another close analogy : the 2000 race , when the frontrunner , Vice President Al Gore , fought off a challenge on the left from Bill Bradley . Like Clinton , Gore was the cautious heir apparent . Bradley had the field to himself , after other potential candidates like Dick Gephardt and Paul Wellstone took a pass . But unlike the Democrats who might challenge Clinton for the 2016 nomination , Bradley was not gun shy . After aggressively courting Iowa Democrats for months , he launched an exploratory committee in December of 1998 , just weeks after the midterm elections , and immediately set about raising money and framing himself as the liberal alternative to Gore , focusing on education and poverty . Gore , though , ultimately defeated Bradley in Iowa , 63-35 , on his way to the nomination . To mount anything more than a gadfly candidacy against Clinton in today 's drawn-out , media-saturated nominating process will require a boatload of cash . Clinton and Barack Obama both raised over $ 100 million before the January 2008 caucuses , and that was almost seven years ago -- before the Citizens United ruling made the political system even more awash in money . Looking at the field of potential Clinton rivals , only Warren seems to have a natural base , the potential to raise serious money and a significant grassroots fundraising reach . A handful of big , progressive donors could help prop her up . "  We have this mythology that you can go to Iowa and New Hampshire and knock a few doors and ultimate you too can be a serious presidential candidate , " Meyer said . "  Maybe Eugene McCarthy could do that . I think that the schedule and political life has gotten to the point today where you are n't a serious candidate unless you go through the hoops of raising money and creating an organization . I think O'Malley probably comes the closest to it , but I do n't see who else . " O'Malley has done more than any Democrat , including Clinton , to help elect Iowa Democrats this year -- and he has traveled far and wide to do the same in other states . Though polling is of little consequence at this early stage , he remains stuck around one or two percent in hypothetical 2016 polls that match him up against Clinton , Biden , Warren and others . Still , O'Malley 's Iowa antennae is so heightened that during the Big 10 match-up between the University of Maryland and the University of Iowa earlier this month , he wandered over to a Hawkeye tailgate and chatted up the revelers who had made the long trip from Iowa to Maryland . "  All the Iowa Hawkeye fans were quite impressed that here was the governor at this tailgate , and so was I , " said George Appleby , a Des Moines attorney and longtime Democratic activist . "  Of course , we did n't talk about any of the future . But implicitly , people do n't spend time with Iowans at a football game without a reason . " But O'Malley is still wrestling with the decision to mount a bid and -- despite the conventional wisdom about his intentions -- could very well sit the race out . What 's left , beyond a protest candidacy on the left mounted by Sanders or someone else ? A long list of ambitious Democrats eager to make a name for themselves in Iowa , but unwilling to take the plunge against Clinton . Klobuchar 's speech last weekend was a folksy and populist-tinged speech in which she declared that , "  Corporations are n't people ! People are people ! " It was warmly-received by Democrats in the crowd who said they admired her family 's immigrant history . After the speech , she happily ticked through the similarities between her state and Iowa . "  Iowans are our neighbors , " she said in an interview . "  We have a lot of friends here back and forth between Minnesota and Iowa . our states are pretty similar . We are both agriculture states . The farm bill and and the renewable fuel standard are really important . So it 's important to me to have allies in Iowa like Tom Harkin has been , to get things done for the midwest . " The message was obvious : She would play well here in Iowa . But she is not stepping into the arena so long as there 's a Clinton in the other corner .	Hillary Clinton campaigned in Iowa this week , stumping for Democrat Bruce Braley Activists think there 's a possibility there wo n't be a viable alternative to Clinton for Democrats That 's a sharp distance from the Republican 2016 field , which seems wide open Democratic hopefuls besides Clinton and Joe Biden have little name recognition
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- German federal police seized two suspected terrorists from a Dutch passenger aircraft at Cologne airport Friday shortly before it was due to take off for Amsterdam , officials told CNN . The arrests were made at Cologne 's airport . A 23-year-old Somali national and a 24-year-old German citizen who had been born in Mogadishu were arrested on a KLM plane at 6.55 am local time  0455 GMT  , a police spokesman said . Police said "  farewell " letters had been found from the men that led them to suspect they were intending to carry out terror attacks . It was not revealed where the letters were found or how long the men had been under observation . Walter Roemer , press spokesman at Cologne-Bonn airport , said that the arrests had been "  very unspectacular " . He said federal police boarded the plane and arrested the two suspects , "  without them showing any resistance . " The two had been among 40 passengers en route to Amsterdam . All those on board were asked to disembark while the suspects ' luggage was identified . The plane took off for Amsterdam after a delay of one hour and 20 minutes . She said everyone was then forced to leave the plane , and there was a "  baggage parade " to see whose bags belonged to whom . Watch more details on the incident . " Amsterdam 's Schipol airport Web site listed flight KL 1804 , the scheduled morning flight from Cologne to Amsterdam , as having arrived at 9.17 am local time , one hour and two minutes after it was due to arrive . In September 2007 , German authorities arrested three suspected militants planning what were described as "  massive " attacks on American targets in Germany . German media said at the time that potential targets could have included Ramstein Air Base , the U.S. military 's main installation in Germany , or the major international hub of Frankfurt Airport . Terrorism expert Sajjan Gohel told CNN the arrest showed Germany faces a major threat from extremists . Watch Gohel explain details behind the arrests " "  This was a long term operation , there was a couple of individuals that the German intelligence agency was monitoring , " he said . "  The feeling was that they had come back specifically with the purpose of planning and plotting a terrorist attack . " CNN 's Diana Magnay in Berlin contributed to this report Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Police board KLM flight in Cologne early Friday to arrest suspects Two suspects said to be Somali man , 23 and German born in Somalia , 24 Police say "  farewell " letters found from the men
CNN  -- Retired tennis star Pete Sampras has revealed that most of the trophies and memorabilia collected during his 15-year career have been stolen . Speaking to the Los Angeles Times the former World No. 1 said the trophies were stolen from a public storage rental unit . The missing items include two Davis Cup trophies , an Olympic ring and his first Australian Open title which he won in 1994 . He said his other 13 grand slam trophies are safe , but none of the stolen items were insured . The seven-time Wimbledon champion told the Los Angeles Times that the items were placed in storage after he had moved homes twice . Sampras , who retired in 2003 , is publicizing the theft which took place three weeks ago in the hope that someone might provide a new lead .	Former World No. 1 's trophies have been stolen from a storage facility in Los Angeles First Australian Open and two Davis Cup trophies taken three weeks ago Sampras spoke to Los Angeles Times in hope that it might provide new lead
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- The Yemeni government has lost control over five provinces , and security in the country is deteriorating , the nation 's acting president told CNN in an exclusive interview Wednesday . In his first interview with a Western TV network , Vice President Abdu Rabu Mansoor Hadi detailed how U.S. drones are using voice recognition to target al Qaeda leaders and help the government win back control . Hadi has been Yemen 's acting president since June 3 , when President Ali Abdullah Saleh was wounded in an attack on the mosque at the presidential palace . During Wednesday 's hour-long meeting , Hadi said Saleh 's wounds from what he described as an assassination attempt were so severe that he has no idea when the president will return from medical treatment in Saudi Arabia . Hadi said he saw Saleh immediately after the bomb attack . The 68-year-old ruler 's chest had been pierce by a piece of wood and his face , arms and upper body had been burned , Hadi said . But , he added , the president 's health was improving daily . The interview in the sprawling and heavily defended defense ministry underlined the many challenges facing the vice president , who many in the opposition consider to be a weak placeholder until the president returns from Saudi Arabia . He acknowledges that his house is surrounded by opposing forces , but he challenges claims that he is unable to use the presidential palace . Hadi says he calls Saleh 's son , commander of the powerful Republican Guard at the palace , whenever he wants to give him orders . He countered opposition accusations that he has no power , saying he has been given full authority to sign a new , U.N.-sponsored peace proposal . He outlined plans that are even less favorable to Saleh 's opponents than a Gulf Cooperation Council initiative he has already turned down . Hadi said the new deal would have Saleh stepping down only when a new president has been elected , a far cry from the Gulf Council proposal that would have Saleh handing power to Hadi after 30 days with new elections within 60 days . At times , Hadi -- who lived in Britain during the 1960s -- shifted uncomfortably in his seat , even joking at the end of the interview that he felt he 'd been through an interrogation . Nevertheless , he gave a robust defense of Saleh , challenging the widely held view that the embattled leader is now part of the problem , rather than part of the solution . Saleh still has 3 million supporters , Hadi said . "  He is part of the political balance here in Yemen . He has been an expert in dealing with all differences , and with all political and tribal differences , " Hadi said . When asked how al Qaeda may have been taking advantage of deteriorating security , Hadi said government forces were targeting them aggressively . He detailed an ongoing operation in the southern Abyan province , where the capital recently fell to al Qaeda . He also gave an account of how U.S. spy planes eavesdrop on al Qaeda conversations , running voice recognition analysis that is shared with Yemeni authorities , the CIA and the FBI before targets are attacked . Hadi said there are two types of drones . "  One is taking pictures and collecting information , and the other one is carrying missiles . Drones carrying missiles , actually these missiles could not be fired ... unless the voice of the enemy himself is recorded , " he said . Often , he said , the United States provides the targeting information and Yemeni military forces carry out the attacks . Hadi offered few insights into how he plans to end Yemen 's spiraling economic hardships , growing fuel and power shortages and rising food prices -- issues that have sparked massive anti-government protests over the past several months and have worsened sharply since the president left for treatment in Saudi Arabia . But he said he expected Saleh to make a speech to the nation in the coming hours that will help change the situation . And he said the U.N.-sponsored peace proposal will create a new , parliamentary political system in Yemen , "  so it will wipe out or vanish any grievances , any complaints . " Saleh went to Saudi Arabia for treatment after doctors examined him shortly after the attack in early June . They recommended he get attention from specialists , including an eye doctor . Since arriving there , he said , the president had been improving and fully intends to return . But when asked when that would be , he said he did not know . "  It could be months . This is a decision up to the doctors . ... I have no idea about the exact date when he is coming , " Hadi said . In Washington , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen said the chaos in Yemen has been a source of concern to the United States for years . "  Al Qaeda , the federated group that 's in Yemen , is an incredibly dangerous group that has taken full advantage of the chaos that has been in that country , " he told the National Press Club . But , he added , the military can not provide the whole answer . "  The security piece is a necessary condition , but it is insufficient in and of itself and it 's taken us a long time to figure that out . "	NEW : "  There 's not a military answer anywhere , " says Adm. Mullen Yemen 's vice president says President Ali Abdullah Saleh will return VP Abdu Rabu Mansoor Hadi says two types of U.S. drones targeting al Qaeda Saleh 's injuries are so severe that it 's unclear when he will return , Hadi says
Serie A side Napoli have completed the signing of Argentine international Gonzalo Higuain from Real Madrid . A statement on the Spanish club 's website published Saturday confirmed that the 25-year-old striker was on his way to Italy . "  Real Madrid C. F. announces that Gonzalo Higuain has been transferred to Naples , " read the statement . "  The club would like to express their gratitude for his years of dedication and professionalism , and wishes him luck in this new step . " Higuain , who is reported to have cost Napoli in the region of $ 50 million , spent six-and-a-half seasons at the Bernabeu and scored a total of 107 goals in 187 appearances . The Argentine joins a growing list of new signings as Napoli 's new manager Rafa Benitez prepares for an assault on both the Serie A title and the Champions League . Striker Jose Callejon and defender Raul Albiol both joined the Italian club from Madrid earlier this month while Belgian international winger Dries Mertens signed from Dutch club PSV Eindhoven in June . Benitez has also signed Liverpool goalkeeper Jose Reina on a one-year loan deal . Higuain is expected to fill the void left by last season 's top scorer in Serie A Edinson Cavani . The Uruguayan striker , who scored 29 goals for Napoli last term , joined French champions Paris Saint Germain earlier this month in a deal worth a French record $ 64 million  $ 84 million  .	Argentine striker moves to Serie A following six-and-a-half years at the Bernabeu Higuain scored 107 times in 187 matches for Real Madrid Napoli looking to bolster squad for assault on both Serie A and Champions League
CNN  -- At least one performer fell hard for Sunday night 's Billboard Music Awards . Not sure what that means ? Well , check out the top five moments from Sunday night 's 2013 Billboard Music Awards : 1 . Miguel lands on a fan The R & B singer accidentally landed on a woman in the mosh pit during a performance of his hit song "  Adorn . " He was attempting a jump that went wrong . The fan appeared to be fine and the singer kept singing . Miguel later tweeted : "  got caught up in the moment , thank goodness Khyati is okay . " 2 . Taylor Swift wins eight out of the 11 awards she was up for Swift is no stranger to taking to the stage to accept accolades , and on Sunday night she collected a few , including Billboard Artist of the Year . "  My album is kind of on the ends of the intense emotional spectrum , " Swift said while accepting that award . "  You  fans  are the longest and best relationship I have ever had . " She also won Top Country Artist , Top Billboard 200 Artist , Top Female Artist , and Top Digital Songs Artist -- the last one a tie with singer Carly Rae Jepsen . Swift 's album "  Red " won in the Top Billboard 200 and Country Album categories and her single "  We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together " collected the trophy for Top Country Song . 3 . Justin Bieber gets booed While accepting the first ever Milestone Award , the Biebs was both cheered and jeered . He appeared to reference the rough times he has had of late in his acceptance speech . "  I 'm 19 years old , I think I 'm doing a pretty good job , " Bieber said . "  And basically from my heart I really just want to say it should really be about the music ... the craft . ... This is not a gimmick , I 'm an artist and I should be taken seriously and all this other bull should not be spoken of . " The incident caused the show 's host , Tracy Morgan , to quip , "  Hey , do n't be booing anybody here . This ai n't no high school . " 4 . Nicki Minaj twerks on Lil Wayne Since this is a family website , we wo n't explain "  twerking , " but let 's just say Minaj has a little something in common with Miley Cyrus when it comes to the seductive dance . During a performance of her song "  High School , " Minaj gave rapper Lil Wayne  who appears on the track  a lap dance . Taking a break from her "  American Idol " judging duties , the rap songstress received the first award of the night , Top Rap Artist . 5 . Prince shows them how it is done By far one of the best moments of the night came courtesy of a man who has n't even been on the charts in a while . Prince took to the stage with a new look and celebrated being presented with the Icon Award with a medley of his hits "  Let 's Go Crazy " and "  FixUrLifeUp . " He appeared to be channeling Jimi Hendrix with his Afro and wicked guitar riffs while being backed by an all-female band . The crowd took his advice and did , indeed , go crazy . In addition to Swift , Rihanna and Gotye were also big winners of the evening . Visit Billboard.com for a complete list of winners .	Taylor Swift , Rihanna and Gotye win big at the Billboard Music Awards Singer Miguel lands on a fan by mistake Justin Bieber gets booed
CNN  It 's been a busy few weeks for multiples . The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8 , and the parents are blogging about their unique experience . Danielle Busby delivered all five girls at the Woman 's Hospital of Texas via C-section at 28 weeks and two days , according to CNN affiliate KPRC . Parents Danielle and Adam and big sister Blayke are now a family of eight . The babies are named Ava Lane , Hazel Grace , Olivia Marie , Parker Kate and Riley Paige . "  We are so thankful and blessed , " said Danielle Busby , who had intrauterine insemination to get pregnant . "  I honestly give all the credit to my God . I am so thankful for this wonderful hospital and team of people here . They truly all are amazing . " You can learn all about their journey at their blog , "  It 's a Buzz World . " Early news reports said the Busby girls were the first all-female quintuplets born in the U.S. . But a user alerted CNN to news clippings that show quintuplet girls were born in 1959 to Charles and Cecilia Hannan in San Antonio . All of the girls died within 24 hours . Like the Busby family , Sharon and Korey Rademacher were hoping for a second child . When they found out what they were having , they decided to keep it a secret from family and friends . That 's why they did n't tell their family the gender of baby No. 2 -- or that Sharon was actually expecting not one but two girls , according to CNN affiliate WEAR . And when everyone arrived at West Florida Hospital in Pensacola , Florida , after Sharon gave birth March 11 , they recorded everyone 's reactions to meeting twins Mary Ann Grace and Brianna Faith . The video was uploaded to YouTube on Saturday and has been viewed more than 700,000 times . Could you keep it a secret ?	Rare set of female quintuplets was born this month in Houston , Texas The girls were born via C-section at 28 weeks and two days Another family kept the news of twins secret until birth
CNN  -- Goals from Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Kevin-Prince Boateng earned reigning Serie A champions AC Milan a 2-1 victory over local rivals Internazionale in the Italian Super Cup played at the Bird 's Nest stadium in Beijing on Saturday . Wesley Sneijder put Inter ahead after 22 minutes with a curling free-kick past Milan 's ` keeper Christian Abbiati , before former Inter striker , Ibrahimovic headed home an equalizer from close range in the 60th minute . Milan 's winner came just nine minutes later , as Ghanaian international , Boateng reacted quickest after substitute Alexandre Pato 's shot deflected off the post . Van der Sar says farewell Inter , now coached by Gian Piero Gasperini , pressed in vain for an equalizer but could n't stop their great rivals lifting the trophy for a sixth time . AC Milan begin the defense of their Serie A title on 27 August , away to Cagliari . Inter , last season 's runners-up , kick off their Serie A campaign the following day against Lecce .	Milan beat rivals Inter 2-1 in close fought Italian Super Cup match in Beijing Kevin Prince Boateng scores winner , after Wesley Sneijder had put Inter ahead
CNN  -- Joe Van Veldhuizen was 19 miles into his first Ironman . He had two hours left to complete the race , and only three miles to go in the 26.2-mile marathon . Every muscle in his body ached , and the blisters on his feet were the size of a half-dollar . But Van Veldhuizen was determined to finish . Completing the 2013 Ironman Coeur D'Alene would be the culmination of everything he had worked for . No shortcuts Van Veldhuizen changed careers -- from farmer to firefighter -- 10 years ago when the dairy industry took a significant downturn . Being a firefighter meant spending a lot of time sitting around and eating while waiting for the alarm to sound . The 6-foot-tall Albany , Oregon , resident slowly began to put on weight . By 2007 , Van Veldhuizen tipped the scales at 250 pounds , which translated to a body mass index of 35 .  Anything over 30 is considered obese . He knew he needed to get that number down . He felt he did n't have the aerobic stamina to do his job well . "  The things that kill firefighters are cancer and heart attacks , " said Van Veldhuizen , now 45 . "  A lot of those heart attacks happen because people are n't in as good of shape as they might be able to be . " Firefighter obesity a big problem Losing weight was n't an easy thing for him , but he refused to take shortcuts . His mantra : take it slow and steady through incremental lifestyle changes -- by cutting his portions and exercising more , instead of trying fad diets or using supplements advertised on TV . For Van Veldhuizen , eating less was a big challenge . His solution ? Record everything he ate on a nutrition tracking-app on his smartphone . That way he would also know how much time he 'd have to spend at the gym that day . Researchers retract study supporting diet pills His first weight loss regimen was modest : 20 minutes of cardio on the elliptical machine . He found the rotational motion was easier on his joints , especially in the knees and ankles . Slowly , he increased the length and intesity of his workout . A year later , he could do an hour on the elliptical nonstop . He did it at the highest resistance and incline setting two to three times a week . That helped him lose his first 15 pounds , and he felt like he was in much better shape . After mastering that machine , he felt his joints could take it so he started running . That was in 2008 . 6 common mistakes new runners make A year later , Van Veldhuizen entered a 5K run , followed soon after by a 10K . Then a friend suggested he try a triathlon . He had been running , but he did n't even own a bike . So he borrowed one and he also started going to the pool once a week . Eventually he was swimming every day . By December of 2012 , Van Veldhuizen had lost 40 pounds . He says he could n't have reached his goals without the help of friends like Josh Gum . Gum encouraged Van Veldhuizen and trained alongside him . Gum was an Ironman veteran ; for those uninitiated , an Ironman race consists of a 2.4-mile swim , followed by a 112-mile bicycle race , topped by a 26.2-mile run -- all done in under 17 hours . Gum left impressed by Van Veldhuizen 's dedication . "  It was a remarkable experience for me seeing  Van Veldhuizen 's  progress , " Gum says . Van Veldhuizen ran a half-Ironman in Sun River , Oregon , and then signed up for the Ironman in Idaho in 2013 . Your guide to running at any level A true Ironman "  It took me 10 hours to do the bike and swim and get my clothes changed and those kinds of things . So I had 7 hours to do a marathon , " Van Veldhuizen says . He felt good , but near the end of the race he encountered a serious bump in the road -- or rather , a bump in his foot . Van Veldhuizen soon realized that what he thought was an irritating pebble in his shoe was actually a big red blister on his heel . But he did n't panic . Instead , he calculated the miles to go and the time left on the clock . With seven miles to run before the finish line and three hours left , he decided to proceed the same way he tackled his weight loss journey -- with caution . "  You do n't know what the next step brings , " says Van Veldhuizen . "  All of a sudden you step a little funny on a pebble or you step into a pothole and now you 've got a twisted ankle . " Step after step , Van Veldhuizen moved toward his goal . Sixteen hours after he began , he completed his maiden Ironman . "  My whole goal was n't to set any records , it was to finish the thing , " says Van Veldhuizen . His friend Gum had been in the race too . He managed to catch up with Van Veldhuizen midway through the second lap of the one-loop , 56-mile bike course . That helped a lot . "  It 's very much about friends and the support that you can glean off of each other . You do n't do these things alone , you do them together . The experience itself for me is a once in a lifetime . " Van Veldhuizen believes anyone who puts his or her mind to it can do the same thing he did . All you have to do , he says , is figure out what you want and then put in the work to get there . 7 weight loss myths  sort of  debunked These days , Van Veldhuizen says he feels better prepared to tackle the life-saving challenges in his job . His Ironman training gave him more energy and makes him better prepared to jump into action during his 24-hour shifts as a firefighter . This winter , he says he and his family plan to run trails near his home in the Willamette Valley of Oregon . He , his wife , and his 13-year-old have already entered some 5Ks together . And yes , next summer he plans to do another Ironman in Canada . Only this time , he has a new goal . This time he wants to complete it and beat his old time . This time he does n't want to do anything slowly .	Joe Van Veldhuizen felt like his weight was holding him back from his job as a firefighter The 6-footer weighed 250 before exercising Gradually he lost 40 pounds and now runs Ironman races
CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's military may have more cracks in its armor as dozens more soldiers , including a general and two colonels , have defected across the border , Turkish media reported Monday . The 33 army defectors entered Turkey and were sent to a camp in southern Hatay province , the Anadolu news agency said , citing authorities . Malik el Kurdi , the deputy commander of the rebel Free Syrian Army , speaking to CNN by telephone from the Apaydin refugee camp , said that within the past week a general and three colonels had arrived , but he had not seen a group of more than 30 new deserters . The refugee camp houses the proclaimed leadership and other members of the FSA , the opposition force made up of Syrian army defectors . "  I receive soldiers daily , " el Kurdi added . "  There are rumors , but I have n't received anyone in that number . " The defections included a Syrian general and at least four other officers , according to a Turkish Foreign Ministry official and a commander in the Free Syrian Army camp in Turkey . All were from the Syrian city of Homs , the commander said . Both officials spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity . More than 33,000 Syrians have fled to Turkey to escape the violence in their country , Anadolu reported . Speaking in Washington , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland praised the reported defections , which is something the United States has called for , for some time , she said . "  This appears to be an increasing pace of these kinds of military folks voting with feet , voting with their airplanes , voting with their cars , voting with their families against the Assad regime , " Nuland told reporters . The defections took place amid heightened tensions between Syria and Turkey , and the rest of the international community , over how to stop the bloodshed spurred by the Syrian government 's crackdown on dissidents . Syria was in a war of words Monday with Turkey over the shooting down of a Turkish fighter jet by Syria , an incident that threatens to draw in NATO . Syria rejects Turkey claims on downed jet Meanwhile , at least 80 people were killed Monday in violence across Syria , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition group . Twenty of those 80 were killed in Daraa , while 17 were killed in Deir Ezzor , the group said . Since Syria 's anti-government uprising started in March last year , more than 15,000 people , mostly civilians , have been killed , the observatory said . The United Nations has said that at least 10,000 people have been killed in the conflict . Syria blames violence on "  armed terrorist groups . " On state-run news agency SANA , al-Assad 's regime said 20 "  army and law enforcement martyrs " were buried Monday . CNN can not confirm specific reports of violence in Syria because the government has restricted access to the country by international journalists . Opposition groups say the violence began when a government crackdown on peaceful protesters generated a nationwide uprising , including the armed resistance . Turkey hardens military position after Syria downs jet Navi Pillay , U.N. high commissioner for human rights , said Monday that despite "  efforts to restore calm in Syria , the situation deteriorates relentlessly . " "  Both government and opposition forces have been involved in actions which have harmed civilians , " Pillay said . "  Those responsible must be held accountable , including for attacks against United Nations observers . I reiterate my call for the Security Council to refer the case of Syria to the International Criminal Court . A prompt referral would serve to remind the actors in Syria that they will be held to account for their failure to abide by international human rights and humanitarian law and protect civilians . " The European Union announced a new round of sanctions against al-Assad 's regime . British Foreign Secretary William Hague said the move "  sends an unequivocal message that we will intensify the pressure until the Assad regime ends the killing " and fully implements a six-point plan put forward by Kofi Annan , joint U.N.-Arab League envoy to Syria . "  We have also decided to strengthen the arms embargo " to prevent weapons shipments to Syria , Hague said . "  This robust action comes on the back of our rapid coordination with EU partners to prevent a Russian ship providing attack helicopters to those leading the repression in Syria . " A Russian ship turned back last week . Russian officials said it was carrying repaired attack helicopters that the Syrian regime would use for defensive purposes . "  The UK will remain vigilant and continue to do all that we can to prevent the completely unjustified arming of a regime that is carrying out appalling crimes against its own people , " Hague said . Syrian downing of Turkish plane condemned ; NATO to meet More than 130 killed in Syria as regime forms new government CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Ivan Watson , and Josh Levs and journalist Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 80 people were killed Monday , an opposition group says ; Syria reports 20 "  martyrs " The defections include a Syrian general and at least 4 other officers , two sources say The EU announces a new round of sanctions against Syria U.N. human rights chief calls for referral of the case to the International Criminal Court
CNN  -- Britain 's Prince George is now safely back home and tucked-up behind palace walls after taking his first tentative steps into a lifetime of public duties . In the end , he only officially appeared twice during the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's tour of New Zealand and Australia . First , at a play date in Wellington , then at Taronga Zoo in Sydney , but we also caught glimpses of him getting on and off planes . So what did we learn about this little monarch-in-waiting ? Well for a start , he is n't little . The other babies invited to the play date were all born within a few weeks of George and he was by far the biggest , and he 's quick . "  Very strong , very mobile , very happy , very active , " said Peter Howe , who was one of the parents invited to the event . Another described the prince as "  intrepid . " Gorgeous George The world could n't resist those chubby cheeks and social media was awash with the pictures with the word "  cute . " The British photographer who captured the images was James Whatling , also part of the close-up team at the zoo where George met a bilby . "  You could tell he 's more playful at the bilby event , " said Whatling . "  He 's not afraid . He 's very happy to play . He 's obviously at the cruising stage . He pulled himself up at the bilby enclosure , just to get a closer look and to try and stroke him . He looks strong , and I ca n't believe it will be very long until he starts to walk . " This is exactly the age when I remember my babies starting to transform and I could see that in George over the course of the three-week tour as well . If I compare the boy arriving in Wellington and to the one leaving the tour in Canberra , his "  Mohican " hairstyle was more pronounced and he looked older . Whatling , who was next to me at both airports , said : "  He 's transformed from a baby to a toddler in the course of a royal tour . " Grumpy George ? Newspapers and websites have been having fun with some of George 's faces . So is he really grumpy ? "  No , " says Whatling . "  He 's got lovely chubby cheeks and he 's full of expression . He 's obviously teething and that 'll make any toddler a little fractious . " Toddler George So when the royals waved goodbye to Australia , we also waved goodbye to "  Baby George . " The next time we see him , it 'll be the all new "  Toddler George " -- and I bet he wo n't be hanging around for long . READ MORE : "  Kate Effect : " Australia feels force of fashion READ MORE : Three pivotal pictures from the royal tour	British royals return after a three-week tour of Australia and New Zealand Prince George appeared officially only twice during trip but was a big hit Down Under CNN 's Max Foster says we 've seen the last of Baby George
CNN  -- Former President Alfonso Portillo of Guatemala faces money-laundering charges in the United States , according to a federal indictment unsealed Monday . The indictment charges Portillo with embezzling tens of millions of dollars in public funds , "  a portion of which he then laundered through bank accounts located , among other places , in the United States and Europe , " the indictment says . A grand jury indicted Portillo in U.S. District Court in New York . Portillo engineered an embezzlement with co-conspirators that occurred from about 2000 through about 2003 , the indictment says . Prosecutors allege the money-laundering took place through at least 2006 . Portillo was the president of Guatemala from 2000 to 2004 . Authorities in Guatemala started searching for him after the United States requested his extradition , a spokesman for the International Commission against Impunity in Guatemala told CNN en Español on Sunday . They executed search warrants in four locations but had not found him as of Sunday night , officials said . Portillo came into power promising to clean up corruption , but found his own government mired in the same accusations as his predecessors . According to the indictment , in one instance in 2000 , Portillo funneled $ 1.5 million worth of donations for a literacy project from Taiwan into accounts in Europe controlled by his ex-wife and daughter . In that case , the indictment alleges , Portillo endorsed three $ 500,000 checks destined for a program to purchase books for libraries , but diverted the funds into a bank in Miami , Florida . That money was eventually laundered into his family 's accounts in Europe , the court document states . In short , "  this money was diverted , in a series of transactions and transfers designed to conceal the sources and origin of the funds , " the indictment states . There was a second instance where Portillo allegedly embezzled money given to Guatemala by the Taiwanese , according to the document . In addition , Portillo is accused of embezzling money from his defense ministry in 2001 . With the help of others , Portillo made large cash transactions that ended up in accounts belonging to him and his co-conspirators , the document says . Some of the money that Portillo took went to buy expensive watches and cars , the indictment says .	Indictment unsealed Monday charges former Guatemalan president with embezzlement Alfonso Portillo charged in U.S. court with alleged money-laundering scheme As of Sunday , authorities in Guatemala had not found Portillo
CNN  -- The best chocolate cake I ever ate in Kabul was tucked away on a discreet corner near the city 's diplomatic area . Kamal Hamade , the well-known and loved Lebanese owner of Taverna du Liban , made sure every visitor to his restaurant had a piece of gooey cake on the house , and then some . On Saturday , the Taliban attacked the cozy Lebanese restaurant in Afghanistan 's capital . One man detonated a suicide vest while two others stormed into the restaurant and fired at those inside , killing 21 people , 13 of them expatriates . One of them was Kamal . Taverna had a decent security routine in place : Visitors drove up and knocked . The Afghan guard slid open the peep hole to take a look . The patron was searched before being let in to the restaurant a short distance away from the metal-door entrance . But unlike many other establishments visited by Kabul 's foreign residents , Taverna had one less door , one less pat down and lacked a long corridor away from the street . The restaurant and its owner were what security experts call soft targets -- semi-armored and lightly guarded . I walked through that aluminum metal door many times during my two years living in Kabul and working for an Afghan media company . One of those times , I was on my first date with the man who 's now my husband . Another night , after a leisurely dinner with friends -- most of it on the house under Kamal 's watch -- I was left alone to wait . My ride was nowhere to be seen , and Taverna had closed . Not wanting to bother the servers , who were ready to leave , and Kamal , who looked tired , I slipped outside to the front of Taverna to wait . Kamal tried to lure me back inside , but I also enjoyed the rare few moments outside in Kabul . When I told Kamal I would be fine , he brought out a plastic chair and sat with me . Kamal was originally from Lebanon , but it was clear from all our conversations that he loved Afghanistan . That night , we laughed , talked about Beirut , and watched his cat slink up and down the muddy street . Forty-five minutes later , my ride showed up . I went back to Taverna dozens of times after that visit , always catching a smile and laugh from Kamal -- with a hunk of chocolate cake . It seems like almost everyone who has lived in Kabul has a Kamal story . After the attack , friends , family and frequent patrons of the restaurant immediately took to social media to express their concern . "  Any word on Kamal , the owner of Taverna , or his staff ? " development worker Una Moore wrote in a Twitter post . Once security officials confirmed his death , photos popped on Facebook as people who knew Kamal and his restaurant shared their memories . Albums with titles like "  Taverna " were filled with pictures of groups of smiling people gathered around long , wooden tables . Kamal , like most nights that he was in the country , was in the building the night of the attack , wandering around the restaurant with a cigarette or in his office , most likely . He lived above the Lebanese restaurant , keeping a loving eye on the falafel , staff and visitors . For many of us , it 's hard to believe someone who loved Kabul so much -- and who was so much a part of the Kabul we loved -- has become a casualty in a deadly attack . Kamal 's restaurant allowed for quiet dinners or raucous get-togethers after long work days . Kabul , known to the foreign diplomat , aid worker and journalist inhabitants as the "  Kabubble , " was a relatively safe place compared to the rest of the country . Much of my two years there were spent haphazardly throwing on a headscarf , walking down to the nearest supermarket to buy potato chips or use decent wi-fi at a cafe . The city never felt unsafe . Only one similar event comes to mind in recent years . In January 2011 , a suicide bomber blew himself up in a supermarket popular with expatriates and middle-class Afghans alike . Those of us in the Kabubble were thrown off for a few days , left jarred , vowing it was time to get out . After a few weeks riddled with lockdowns , the event faded into the city 's memory -- a moment of violence that had passed . This attack seems different , though . Perhaps not for the Afghan civilians who have lived through similar attacks for the last decade . But for the people who live in and love Afghanistan out of choice , it does change something . I do n't know what this means for the country 's upcoming election , for Afghans after the NATO troop withdrawals scheduled for later this year , or for the foreigners who flock to the country , investing themselves in the nation and its people . But I do know that without Kamal in Kabul , the city is a darker place .	Restaurant owner Kamal Hamade was among 21 people killed in a Taliban attack His Taverna du Liban was a beloved spot for expats to gather in Kabul Visitors got smiles and laughs from Kamal -- with a hunk of chocolate cake
LONDON , England  CNN  -- At 160 meters long , there is nothing quite as luxurious as the world 's largest and most expensive super-yacht -- Dubai . Roman Abramovich has one heli-pad on his yacht Pelorus , but he is rumored to be after a yacht with two . Except , of course , for the next nineteen boats that make up the top 20 super-yachts on the planet . Packed with more features than a Bond villain 's base , including jet-ski docks , indoor swimming pools , helicopter pads  in some cases two helipads  , Jacuzzis and submarines , no expense is spared on these ocean-going giants . The internationally-renowned Fort Lauderdale Boat Show is set to get underway at the end of October , where many of the world 's top super-yachts will be on display . Now , you can take a look at some of the biggest and best yachts in existence . Included in our photo gallery are five of the top ten largest and most expensive super-yachts ever built -- and you 'll recognize some of the names on the owners ' list . Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen 's Octopus is inside the top ten , as is Oracle 's Larry Ellison , with his vessel Rising Sun . Click here to view a photo gallery of the super-yachts . " Wealthy Middle Eastern businessmen and leaders also have a strong presence at the top . Dubai 's Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum owns Dubai , the number one vessel , while the boat currently ranked second largest is owned by Sultan Qaboos of Oman . Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich is also a major player on this list . Abramovich owns Pelorus , a 115-meter vessel which has its own heli-pad , while he reportedly gave away  !  Le Grand Bleu  currently the world 's 16th biggest super-yacht  to present owner Eugene Shvidler . As well as owning several other large yachts , Abramovich is believed to have a new super-yacht under construction . Rumored to be called Eclipse , the vessel is expected to overtake Dubai as the largest super-yacht in the world . And it 's also tipped to possess two helipads -- because obviously , one is never enough . You wo n't want to think about how much Eclipse is going to cost , however , because Dubai , the world 's current biggest yacht is reportedly worth well over $ 300 million . Other super-yachts featured in the gallery are Australian businessman James Packer 's Arctic P , and a French-owned yacht which French President Nicolas Sarkozy has spent time enjoying on vacation . Which yacht would you most like to own and why ? What super-toys would you fit your vessel with ? Or is the super-yacht just a shameless display of wealth ? Have a look through our photos from Getty and monacoeye.com , make your comments in the Sound Off box below and we 'll publish the best .	The world 's largest privately owned super-yacht is Dubai , which is 160m long Some super-yachts boast pools , helipads , Jacuzzis and submarines Roman Abramovich is rumored to be building a new boat -- with two helipads The Fort Lauderdale Boat Show gets underway at the end of October
CNN  -- Initial tests detected blood on a comforter found in a storage unit in Washington state belonging to Josh Powell , the man who police say killed his two sons and himself , according to a document filed Friday . It was not immediately clear who the blood belonged to or how much investigators found on the comforter , which was among the items inside a unit at Western Self Storage in Sumner , Washington . The property report from authorities indicated succinctly that a "  presumptive test " of the comforter had tested positive for blood . Prior to setting a deadly fire Sunday at his Puyallup , Washington , home , Josh Powell was the only person identified by law enforcement authorities in West Valley City , Utah , as someone they were investigating in the disappearance of his wife , Susan Cox-Powell . According to a search warrant request by Pierce County , Washington , Sheriff 's Detective Ryan Salmon , last Sunday "  several people began calling 911 saying they had received e-mails from Joshua Powell , telling them goodbye , that he could not live without his kids , and to take care of several things related to his finances . " Before authorities arrived , Powell is accused of snatching his young sons from a social worker who was delivering them for a supervised visit , locking the door , hacking the kids with a hatchet and starting an explosive fire in the home . The search warrant request noted that the medical examiner 's office found "  sharp impact wounds ... on the back of the head of the two children , " that a hatchet was recovered near their bodies , and that "  accelerant was apparently used on the bodies . " According to the detective , Powell last visited the storage unit on the day before he was accused of committing the double murder-suicide . That same day , he withdrew $ 6,500 in cash from a bank -- money that is "  unaccounted for , " the document said . In addition to the comforter , authorities took two plastic bins with miscellaneous items , a box with blocks , a white garbage bag filled with children 's clothes and linens , another bag with toys and framed photos from the storage unit . Most of those items were handed over to relatives of Cox-Powell , the property report states . Funeral services for the two slain boys -- Charlie , 7 , and Braden Powell , 5 -- will be held Saturday . Josh Powell had said that he last saw Susan in December 2009 , after he and his two sons left after midnight to go camping in below-freezing weather in a desert area in Tooele County , Utah . Cox-Powell 's sister eventually reported the mother , who would now be 29 years old , as missing . A month later , Powell and his children moved from Utah to Washington .	Washington authorities search a storage unit belonging to Josh Powell A "  presumptive test " of a comforter found inside the unit detected blood Powell 's wife has been missing since December 2009 Police say Josh Powell killed his two sons and himself last Sunday
CNN  -- The art of dodging tossed wedding bouquets had been mastered by Cindy Pollard . At 52 , and with plenty of experience celebrating the big day for others , she 'd learned how to back into corners and disappear when brides sent those flowers flying . Cindy Pollard , left , and Gayla Snook celebrate their engagement at the Des Moines , Iowa , Pridefest parade . Now , Pollard can dive for them . "  I have seven brothers and sisters , and I 've been to all of their weddings , " she said , her words catching on emotion . "  It 's just something you never thought you 'd get to do . " Everything changed for this Iowa nurse on April 3 , when the Midwestern state 's Supreme Court unanimously ruled to overturn a ban on same-sex marriages . On that day , Pollard proposed to Gayla Snook , her partner of 10 years -- three times , just because she could . By lunchtime , the two women were busy planning their wedding , a big blowout scheduled for next summer . Forty years after the Stonewall riots in New York -- the June 28 , 1969 , demonstrations that marked the beginning of the gay rights movement -- Iowa stands as one of six U.S. states to have legalized same-sex marriages . The others that currently , or will soon , perform such unions are Massachusetts , Connecticut , Vermont , Maine and New Hampshire . Many activists who followed the Iowa case , Varnum v. Brien , to the state 's Supreme Court were anticipating the April 3 announcement . But for Beau Fodor , news of the decision on television that morning -- "  between ` Martha Stewart ' and ` The View , ' " he said -- came as a complete shock . "  How did this happen ? " the Des Moines designer and event planner remembers thinking before turning the station to compare newscasts . "  Are you kidding me , universe ? " And then , while resisting the urge to pinch himself , the revelation : "  Oh my god . I could be a gay wedding planner . " He and others like him should be plenty busy . According to a study conducted by The Williams Institute , a UCLA School of Law-based think tank that researches sexual orientation law and policy , more than 2,900 of the state 's same-sex couples will marry within three years and nearly 55,000 out-of-state couples may flock to Iowa for the honor . Fodor , who established Gay Weddings with Panache , was n't the only one who realized the potential of this new nuptials niche . Web sites offering resource guides to help happy couples  in-state and out  sprouted up , bearing names such as Iowa 's Gay Wedding Planner and Iowa Gay Wedding Directory . And wedding officiants , including those who 'd been ordained online , began publicizing their same-sex-friendly services . Des Moines ' first annual Gay Wedding Expo , held at a downtown hotel earlier this month , was organized by Fodor and brought together 40 vendors ready and willing to help couples realize their dream day . It was there that Pollard and Snook found , for example , their photographer and realized they 'd have "  like 106 flavors of cake to choose from , " Pollard said with the laugh of an overwhelmed bride-to-be . Wedding vendors again came out in force just over a week ago at the 31st annual Pridefest , a Des Moines event organized by Capital City Pride that attracted a record crowd of more than 10,000 , officials estimated . Jubilant couples carried signs of gratitude and announcements of "  just married . " For Alisha Hennessy , who was adopted at 8 by Mike Yowell and Hersh Rodasky of Council Bluffs , the Supreme Court decision finally gives her parents -- together for 28 years -- what she 's wanted for them since she was 10 . The two men already had a civil ceremony , and later this summer , they 'll receive a blessing in their Episcopal church . "  Now they can do what my husband and I did , " said Hennessy , 26 , a teaching assistant in Omaha , Nebraska . "  And I get to have the privilege to walk my parents down the aisle . " Not everyone in Iowa , however , is feeling the love . Those associated with the Iowa Family Policy Center , for example , are crisscrossing the state to promote the faith-based organization 's mission that reads , in part , "  to restore and defend traditional moral principles . " Bryan English , a spokesman for the center , said the Iowa Supreme Court overstepped its bounds , did what only the legislature can do and does not have "  the constitutional authority to alter laws or write laws . " He said that these same-sex marriages are , therefore , not legal and that Iowans should continue to make their opinions known . "  If we 're not going to base the rule of law on the Constitution , and we 're not going to look to the Bible as a foundation of truth , " English said , "  what standard are we going to use ? " State Sen. Merlin Bartz , R-District 6 , also has made his opposition known . He said he pushed , unsuccessfully , to institute a "  conscience clause " -- a measure that would allow county recorders the right to refuse same-sex marriage licenses . Bartz feels Iowa was "  hand picked " by outside advocates -- Lambda Legal , a national organization , filed the Iowa suit -- as fertile ground for a handful of reasons . Among those he mentioned were Iowa 's current Democratic leadership and the fact that it does n't have a ballot initiative option , which is what allowed Californians to vote for Proposition 8 , the measure that banned same-sex marriages in that state . He said that he hopes the 2010 elections will change the tide and that the ruling does n't reflect what Iowans truly want . Not so , said Carolyn Jenison , executive director of One Iowa , a statewide grassroots advocacy and education organization for the gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender communities . She said that in measuring public opinion , she keeps hearing how "  proud " Iowans are , and she emphasized that the state , often written off as a "  flyover state or conservative state , " in fact , has a long history of civil rights leadership . Iowa , for example , ruled against slavery in 1839 , desegregated schools in 1868 and , for the first time in the country , granted a woman a license to practice law in 1869 , as outlined in a One Iowa brochure . But beyond this tradition and what she described as a "  strong sense of community and fairness , " she said most Iowans realize that that vows taken by two people wo n't affect their day-to-day lives and that they have other , more pressing concerns , especially in these tough financial times . Doing their own part to help Iowa 's economy are Pollard and Snook , 47 , who works with medically and physically challenged adults . While others may be steeped in the bigger picture , they 've got a "  growing and growing " guest list to worry about , decisions on bridal wear to make and party add-ons -- photo booth , or no photo booth ? -- to consider . And with two brides making decisions , Pollard said , things can get complicated . When Snook mentioned the idea of having the party at an Elk lodge , Pollard raced out the door with a down payment for the country club . But on June 5 , 2010 , these two Newton , Iowa , women will embark on a life as one when they say their vows and promise to love each other always . A white carriage , complete with a "  just married " sign and pulled by black horses , will ferry them all the way through town and to the reception . "  It 's a long journey , " Pollard said , "  to symbolize our struggle . "	Instead of dodging wedding bouquets , Iowa 's same-sex brides can dive for them The state 's high court overturned a ban on same-sex marriages on April 3 A new nuptials niche opens up for businesses , drawing vendors to Pridefest "  It 's just something you never thought you 'd get to do , " one bride-to-be says
DETROIT , Michigan  CNN  -- Jeremy Burgess likes the location and layout of the three-bedroom , one-and-a-half bath home in the Grandmont neighborhood of Detroit , Michigan . This home in Detroit , Michigan , was bought for $ 12,000 and sold the next week for a $ 5,000 profit . The home is large for the area , around 1,600 square feet . By far the most attractive feature for Burgess is the price . While he says it may appraise at around $ 110,000 , he bought it on March 11 for a mere $ 12,000 . "  I 'm selling it next week to an out-of-state investor for a little over $ 17,000 , " he says . His company , Urban Detroit Wholesalers , buys , renovates , then flips or rents homes in Detroit , something that may seem foolhardy to some observers in one of the most economically depressed cities in the nation . But Burgess , who started the company in 2007 with partner Jared Pomranky , says Detroit is a great place for real estate investment . "  Detroit to me is like the wild , wild West , " he says , "  You ca n't get cheap land in the West anymore . The cheap land is in the Midwest now . " Watch how cheap houses are pulling investors to Detroit " Browsing through the real estate ads in Detroit can be depressing . Property owners , whether they are individuals or banks , are doing anything they can to sell unwanted homes . With so much of the local economy tied to the struggling Big Three automakers , some owners inside the city limits have resorted to offering homes for as little as a dollar , many for $ 50 . The average is about $ 7,000 . Burgess says there is a reason these homes are so cheap . Most listings are in economically depressed neighborhoods where people are trying to leave , not buy . "  I have seen tons of $ 50 houses , " Burgess says , "  but the house needs $ 80,000 of worth of work , and you ca n't get an appraisal above $ 8,000 . " He says the prices on those homes are so ridiculously low because owners just want to get rid of the tax burden and the liability of owning them . It costs more to tear down these homes than the property is worth , so it 's cheaper to give them away . "  Out of -LSB- the most recent -RSB- 800 sales , 10 of them will be true sales to home owners and the rest will be distress sales , " he says , pointing out the low percentage of homes sold in a normal business transaction in the city . Pomranky says contrary to Detroit 's national image , there are still clean , well-kept , middle-class areas people want to live in . "  What we do is invest in neighborhoods that people are moving to , " he says . They target mostly middle-class neighborhoods on the far northwestern and northeastern edges of the city . The homes in these neighborhoods have stayed relatively high in value . Many of the homes are foreclosures . Some properties are bought from homeowners who have lost their jobs , and a few have been donated to nonprofit organizations , which then sell them to Burgess ' company . Pomranky says the attraction is the price point and the opportunity , something often missed by local investors . "  Many investors in Michigan and especially Detroit , they are a little too close to see the opportunity , " he says . Their investors are coming from out of state , mostly the West Coast and California , and occasionally from out of the country . Many of them are looking for alternatives to investing in the stock market . Many homes are sold to investors for around $ 35,000 after they have been renovated . "  Some go straight to rentals , some go to rent-to-own lease options , " Pomranky says . "  And some are sold to new homeowners . It 's about a 60 percent rental to 40 percent homeowners . " Burgess says his company can get a 12 percent to 20 percent return on its investment and that outside investment money benefits more than just the buyers and sellers . "  All this money is spent in Detroit . I live in Detroit . Our office is in Detroit , " he says . "  The Home Depot where all the materials are bought is in Detroit , " he says . "  Everyone hired , 95 percent of them live in Detroit . So we are paying them . I would say that 90 percent of it stays inside the city of Detroit . " In 2006 , Burgess was a supermarket baker in Washington state , trying to invest in local real estate . But high buy-in costs and high appreciation made success difficult . A friend of his in Detroit was making money in investing and told him to try his luck there . "  I thought he was crazy , and I am the type of person who has to prove it . The more I tried to prove him wrong about Detroit , the more I proved him right . " Burgess ended up buying around a dozen properties in Detroit before he came to Michigan . But when he finally did move to Detroit , the bottom fell out of the national housing market . "  I showed up in Detroit with about $ 35,000 , a bunch of properties going on and a lot of financing options . " He says "  by October -LSB- 2007 -RSB- I had nothing . " That same year he met Pomranky and formed Urban Detroit Wholesalers . Together they retooled the business model and found that working with a local nonprofit and in targeted neighborhoods helped both succeed . Burgess says because there was never a housing boom in Detroit like California , the market stayed relatively stable . But when financing dried up , prices fell . "  This last drop I think is totally due to lack of financing options , and when cash is king , prices drop significantly . I see it as an artificial drop in value , and I am obviously taking advantage of it . So are my investors . " He believes that the prices will go back up when the credit market loosens up and home owners are able to secure their own financing . Despite being in the middle of rebuilding their business , Burgess and Pomranky say they made money in 2008 . But for them it was n't just about making a quick buck . They say they knew for their continued success , Detroit had to prosper , too . So they teamed with a nonprofit organization called the Motor City Blight Busters , which provides a low-cost work force that renovates the homes for Urban Detroit Wholesalers to sell . "  It is our goal to stabilize and revitalize the neighborhoods . " says John George , president of the organization . "  By being able to partner with investors , it allows us to expand our capacity to do what we do . "  Acquiring the property and cleaning them out , restoring them and putting a responsible family in that home is really key to stabilizing and revitalizing , " George says . He wants to see more home ownership by local families in these neighborhoods , but he knows that may take some time . "  We always focus on home ownership . That 's key , " he says . "  But in this market we have to invite everyone to participate . " Most of the labor force is made up of recently released convicts looking for a trade and a chance to earn a living . Some of the homes they renovate are being donated to Blight Busters , which then place families in them . Burgess thinks teaming a for-profit business and a nonprofit is a win-win scenario . "  I think this is a perfect example of what a nonprofit and a for-profit with investors can do to solve a problem that governments are having a problem solving . While 100 or so homes we do a year is significant in Detroit , we realize that we 're barely a blip on the national radar . But imagine if there were hundreds of companies like ours across the country . "	Jeremy Burgess and Jared Pomranky run Urban Detroit Wholesalers Some homes in Detroit , Michigan , sell for as little as $ 1 , many for $ 50 The company works with a nonprofit and flips cheaply priced homes Recently released convicts working for the charity help renovate the properties
CNN  -- "  Real Housewives of D.C. " star Michaele Salahi hit the road with Journey guitarist Neal Schon and was not kidnapped as her husband suspected , according to a representative with Schon 's management company . She told a sheriff 's deputy late Tuesday that she was "  with a good friend and was where she wanted to be , " Warren County , Virginia , Sheriff Danny McEathron said in a statement to CNN Wednesday afternoon . The reality show personality traveled to Memphis on Tuesday , where Journey was performing , to be with Schon , the representative with Scoop Marketing confirmed to CNN Wednesday afternoon . Tareq Salahi , speaking through his manager on Wednesday morning , told CNN his wife had been missing since Tuesday morning and may have been kidnapped . "  It is our belief as of last night Michaele Salahi may have been kidnapped or abducted and is being held under duress and forced to tell persons , including authorities , she is OK , " manager Gina Rodriguez said . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Rachel Wells and Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	NEW : Michaele Salahi with Journey guitarist Neal Schon , his management says Sheriff : Michaele Salahi tells a deputy she does n't want her husband to know where she is Tareq Salahi 's manager : "  Michaele Salahi may have been kidnapped " The Salahis gained notoriety as White House party crashers in 2009
CNN  -- Will New Yorkers elect a punchline as mayor ? Anthony Weiner 's entry into the New York City race for mayor was one of the issues we discussed with comedian Jim Gaffigan , our guest this week on the CNN weekly podcast "  The Big Three , " co-hosted by CNN 's Margaret Hoover , John Avlon and myself . Jim , who many know from his Comedy Central specials and his numerous appearances on "  The Late Show With David Letterman " and "  Conan , " also talked with us about his new book "  Dad Is Fat "  No. 5 on The New York Times ' Best Sellers List  , in which he writes about the adventures of raising five young children with his wife in a midsized New York City apartment . Jim offered some very funny yet helpful advice to my co-hosts , who are married to each other and expecting their first child this summer . Jim offered particularly instructive guidance for how Margaret and John can cope with their expected son 's most traumatizing day : His circumcision . But back to Anthony Weiner : For those of you who missed it , in 2011 the former congressman texted pictures of his private parts to women , lied about it , had to resign . We all agreed his mayoral bid ca n't simply be dismissed as a joke . In fact , a new poll has him in second place in the mayoral race , and he has close to $ 4 million in his campaign chest . Weiner might just win this race -- assuming he has figured out the proper way to use Twitter . In the podcast , we also tackled two other issues that sparked heated discussions and had unexpected results . The first was political hypocrisy in the response to the Oklahoma tornado . Certainly all elected officials expressed their condolences and support for the people who suffered as a result of this devastating natural disaster . But we saw some Republican members of Congress from Oklahoma -- most notably Sen. James Inhofe -- now supporting federal disaster relief for the people of their state . But these same people opposed supporting federal aid for the victims of Superstorm Sandy , which hit in October . This was n't lost on a fellow Republican , Rep. Peter King of New York . He called them out -- and caused me , probably for the first time in my life , to agree with something King said . Our biggest debate on this issue , though , was over the role the federal government should play in helping people after a natural disaster . Margaret said federal government should n't be the primary source of funding for these people , arguing that instead the government can be a facilitator , seeking and encouraging private funds and donations to provide assistance . In contrast , I strongly believe that the federal government should be leading and funding the relief effort so that people in need are helped as quickly as possible . Our third big issue was New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's comment this week that if you were n't at the top of your class in high school , you should n't waste the money and time on college and instead you should become "  a plumber . " As John noted , this sentiment echoed a 2012 statement by former Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum , who mocked President Barack Obama as being a "  snob " for saying he wanted everyone to go to college . Instead , Santorum believed that some should forget college and instead pursue jobs that require using your hands . While we all agreed that the costs of a college education now border on the obscene , we did not agree on what was causing the hike in tuition prices . But there was no dispute that anyone who dreams of going to college and has graduated high school should have the opportunity to pursue higher education . A college education not only increases a person 's knowledge , it results in more employment opportunities and better wages . In fact , people with less than a high school diploma have an unemployment rate of 12.4 % . In contrast , the unemployment rate of those with a four-year college degree is only 4.5 % , well below the national unemployment rate of 7.5 % . We hope you check out this week 's episode of "  The Big Three . " We would love to hear your thoughts on the podcast and the issues we raised . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	CNN Radio podcast features CNN Opinion contributors on top three stories Dean Obeidallah : Guest Jim Gaffigan offers parenting advice to Hoover , Avlon , parents-to-be They discuss Oklahoma Congressmen 's hypocrisy in accepting tornado aid They take on Bloomberg 's comment that plumbing might be better for some than college
CNN  -- This Pachyrhinosaurus can go to the head of its class . It 's not often , after all , that you can see and touch a skull that 's about the size of a Smart Car , about 70 million years old and looks like a mutant blend of a triceratops and giant parrot . University of Calgary paleontologist Darla Zelenitsky first made the mammoth find in Alberta 's Badlands , then revealed it to the world Thursday . "  It almost looks like some sort of mythical beast , " Zelenitsky said . "  Because it is so big and  mature  , it makes for a very strange-looking individual . " This is n't the first Pachyrhinosaurus discovery -- that came in the mid-20th century -- and there have been other notable such finds since then in Canada 's Alberta province and Alaska . But what makes this one unique is how well preserved the skull is  75 % to 80 % complete , which is remarkable for a dinosaur  , the fact it 's from an older Pachyrhinosaurus  therefore more can be learned from it than a younger version  , and , of course , its immense size . Not that Zelenitsky 's team knew all that when they spotted a bumpy rock in mid-October while exploring exposed southern Alberta 's Drumheller -- a town that calls itself the Dinosaur Capital of the World for a reason , given the outcrops that make it a paleontologists ' dream . A little digging led to more digging and , after about three days , the realization that they 'd found a gigantic dinosaur skull . It took several more months  and the removal of 5 tons of rock  to unearth it in three pieces and show it off to the world . Still , a lot of work needs to be done to peel away remaining surrounding rock and examine the skull in more detail , not to mention see it in full . "  It was really exciting because , when we started , there really was n't much there , " Zelenitsky , an associate professor in the University of Calgary 's geoscience department , said . "  Then , the skull was not really ending it was so big . " Even with more to peel back , Zelenitsky already calls this skull one of the biggest , if not the biggest , of any Pachyrhinosaurus ever discovered . Given its distinct nature , she and fellow paleontologists will be trying to determine if it is part of its own species or just a big version of an existing one .  There are three known species of Pachyrhinosaurus as is . Even if it 's part of previously discovered Pachyrhinosaurus species , there 's no doubt this skull is quite a sight . The herbivore 's beak at the front of its snout was likely used to crop vegetation . Behind that are rows of teeth that finished off whatever greens made it into the mouth . Then there 's what Zelenitsky describes as a "  huge , almost platter-shape structure " and the dinosaur 's frill . Instead of pointed horns like a triceratops , Pachyrhinosaurs have masses of bones atop their heads likely used in head-butting rituals to compete for mates or perhaps for combat . The entire skull is about 2 to 2.5 meters  6.5 to 8 feet  long ; the entire animal is only 6 meters , meaning this Pachyrhinosaur  as well as its kin  was very top heavy . "  These animals had huge skulls relative to their bodies , " said Zelenitsky .	A University of Calgary paleontologist shows off a Pachyrhinosaurus skull It 's one of the biggest , if not the biggest , of its kind at 2 to 2.5 meters , she says The discovery is also remarkably intact , though there 's still more to reveal Pachyrhinosaurs lived about 70 million years ago in Calgary 's Alberta and Alaska
Mashable  -- When Apple 's alarm clock app failed , letting down a multitude of users on New Year 's Day and January 2 due to the bug the company still has n't fully explained , we started looking around for alternatives . Apple said yesterday that the failure of its clock app only happens when you set a one-time alarm , and it will somehow fix itself on January 3 . We have made a call and sent an e-mail into Apple asking why this happened . Meanwhile , we were thinking it would n't hurt to look around for something that might be dependable 365 days a year . In this post , we mentioned one alarm clock app that costs $ 0.99 and gets the job done , but its design leaves much to be desired . What about free apps ? Are there acceptable alternatives to Apple 's clock that 's included in every copy of its mobile operating system ? And most importantly , do those other clocks suffer from the same alarm problem ? We confirmed that the alarm failure problem in Apple 's app is still happening today , when we set an alarm and nothing happened . We found five free alarm clock apps that do n't have that problem . We picked these acceptable alternatives out of the hundreds of choices available , and they all were able to reliably sound an alarm today . Each one has certain limitations , but the impact of those deficiencies is lessened by the fact that these apps are all free . Nightstand Central Free This ad-supported alarm clock reminds us of the Android operating system with its flip clock on top . We like its helpful weather report included just below the timepiece . It works when you have the phone sleeping and the screen is locked , but for that background alarm capability , you 'll be limited to just four different sounds with the free version . Clock Pro Free Another ad-supported app , this one can also multitask , so the app does n't need to be running for its alarm to sound . We like the way it offers a choice of pleasant-looking analog clock faces in addition to the usual digital look . An unusual feature is its ability to display almanac information such as sunrise , sunset , the exact time of midday and even your latitude and longitude . Theme Clock Alarm Swipe from side to side , and you 're offered a choice of a dozen different clock styles . Some of them are stylish . Others , not so much . Surprisingly , this app is not ad-supported , and you can wake to vibrate-only alarms without sounds . What 's the catch ? Although you can lock your screen and put it in sleep mode , the app must be running for its alarm sounds to work . This one would work best in a dock overnight . Alarm Tunes Lite Here 's another ad-supported app that has fast app switching for background alarms . However , there 's only a few choices for alarm sounds if you want to use that feature . If you 're willing to leave it in a dock overnight and keep it running , it can wake you up to any song in your device 's music collection . A slight limitation : Its orientation is vertical-only . iClock Free At first glance , iClock Free seems surprisingly full-featured , but maybe that 's because it 's ad-supported . It automatically adjusts for landscape or portrait orientation , but although you can turn the alarm off for different days , it only allows you to set one alarm time in this free version . Still , it has a lot going for it , with its alarm sounds that work when you 're not running the app , and for heavy sleepers , it offers a puzzle that you must solve before you can silence the alarm . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Nightstand Central Free reminds us of the Android operating system Alarm Tunes Lite can wake you up to any song in your device 's music collection iClock Free offers a puzzle that you must solve before you can silence the alarm
CNN  -- For the last 20 years , what name is always in the top 100 most popular baby names given to boys in the United States ? Jesus  pronounced hey-seus  . And among 4,500 boys names in England in 2009 , what was the No. 1 most popular baby name ? Mohammed . In Brussels ? Mohammed . Oslo ? Mohammed . Amsterdam ? Mohammed . And what do babies and their names have to do with the global economy ? Everything . The currency of the future is babies , because babies grow up to be taxpaying workers . Let 's do Demography 101 , which is basically the study of baby-making . Demographers have a fancy term called "  total fertility rate , " which measures the average number of babies a woman has over her childbearing years . The magic number you need to remember is 2.1 . This is the average number of babies a country needs to remain at equilibrium . It makes sense , too . When a mother and father die , they need to be replaced by two babies , or else the population declines . A rich powerful country needs lots of babies to project geopolitical power and increase its productivity . If you wo n't multiply , who will fight your wars ? Who will pay Social Security to support grandpa ? Who do you think will start the next Facebook , Amazon or Google ? The U.S. total fertility rate is at 2.09 , and at that level we just replace our population . That 's not good . But wait a minute , why do we keep growing ? Simple : immigration . Our favorable immigration policy and liberal treatment of the millions of people working without legal documents means our population will grow from 312 million today to 439 million in 2050 . Hispanic babies , 83 million of them , will account for 65 % of that growth.Â This is where the total fertility rate comes into play again , 2.84 for Hispanics , but only 1.84 and trending much lower for non-Hispanic whites who will only add 4 million babies to the melting pot . Keep in mind that those Hispanic babies born here to Mitt Romney 's "  self-deportation " candidates are all red-blooded American citizens -- our future Navy SEALs , entrepreneurs , middle-class working Americans and maybe even a president . Demography will shape the geopolitics of the two largest economies of the 21st century : the United States and the European Union . They will maintain their status as world powers principally through immigration . U.S. politicians voted Thursday to possibly saddle our grandkids with $ 16.4 trillion in debt , but European politicians trying to fix their debt quagmire do n't have grandkids to stick it to . Europe is dying as its nations run out of babies . Three-quarters of Europeans live in societies with fertility rates below 1.5 . In the 14th century , the bubonic plague wiped out 75 million people ; and in the 21st century , a larger number will be lost in Europe through demographic suicide . Europe 's demographic meltdown means it has to turn to immigrants for its workforce , and the vacuum is being filled by Muslims . From 1990 to 2010 , the Muslim population of Europe grew from 30 million to 44 million . It will reach 58 million by 2030 and 10 European countries will be more than 10 % Muslim . While a spirit of integration and tolerance is central to the beliefs of the vast majority of Muslims , a radical , well-funded Islamist minority rejects tolerance , democracy and women 's rights . This militant Islamist tumor has metastasized to intimidate , marginalize and silence moderate Muslims who share the values of a democratic culture . Without baby Mohammeds , Europe will die . To survive , its leaders need to work with moderate Muslims to neutralize fundamentalist views and challenge anti-immigration voices . If Europe is unable to reform its immigration policies , then the geopolitical ramification is obvious : a neutered NATO alliance unable to project military and economic power . The United States faces its own evolving relationship with immigrants , one that is defined by widely contrasting views as to how they should be integrated into society -- or not . Fears that immigrants will not assimilate are not new . We certainly have not lost our capacity to welcome and absorb newcomers , as America has since its birth . A recent survey by Public Agenda asked immigrants in America how long it took them to feel comfortable and part of the community . Seventy-seven percent said it took less than five years . Hispanics are every bit as American as anyone else -- they are white , brown and black . They are self-reliant with strong family values and highly religious . For 92 % of Hispanics , God is an active force in their daily lives : 66 % are Catholic , 25 % are Evangelical Christians and 1 % are Jewish or other denominations . Hispanics are also very patriotic . More than 25 % of the 58,195 names on the Vietnam War Memorial are Hispanic , and one of the first people to die in the Iraq War was Lance Cpl. Jose Gutierrez , who entered the United States illegally and was granted citizenship posthumously . While Hispanic immigrants are accused of driving down wages , economic studies have found the opposite to be true . Conducting research on the effects of immigration on wages over the span of a decade for the National Bureau of Economic Research , Gianmarco Ottaviano , of the University of Bologna , and Giovanni Peri , of the University of California , Davis , found that nearly 90 % of native born American workers actually enjoy higher wages because of immigration . They found that immigrants have a positive impact on the U.S. economy because they differ in their educational and skill levels from U.S. natives , and because more workers in the labor force increases productivity and stimulates the creation of businesses . The sustainable competitive advantage of America over any other country is that we do immigration best . No one can touch our capacity to integrate and assimilate people from all cultures . It keeps us young , strong and dynamic . The benefits of immigration are often taken for granted.Â Immigrants work hard . They form strong families . They live longer . They set up businesses . They spend money and pay taxes . They take care of children so parents can work . And the number of immigrants on welfare is far lower than anti-immigration advocates would have us believe . As the arrows fly about immigration reform , legislators and voters alike can either accept immigrants , of all faiths , as the incontrovertible engines for economic growth they are -- or we can fight the future and the facts and shoot ourselves in the foot instead . Some choose to believe that we are being overrun by lazy immigrants that strain our welfare system . Yet every American should know by now that immigrants are the lifeblood of our future strength and economic power . And for that , we should thank a baby named Jesus . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Garcia .	Charles Garcia : Western nations need to grow in population to maintain power Garcia says more and more Muslims are in Europe and will fuel growth Garcia : In U.S. , Hispanic and other immigrants are an economic growth engine Immigrants work hard , form strong families , pay taxes and are patriotic , he writes
CNN  -- Hewing to Obama administration desires , Senate Banking Committee Chairman Tim Johnson forcefully repeated Thursday what he had already said in as many words -- his committee wo n't seek new sanctions on Iran for the time being , and no one else should either . Administration officials have publicly tried to talk lawmakers down from acting on legislation that would impose even delayed sanctions on Iran during the first phase of a November agreement to curb the Middle Eastern nation 's nuclear program in exchange for relaxed sanctions . Johnson , D-South Dakota , said Thursday he supports strong sanctions against Iran and has legislation adding new sanctions ready to move should Iran fail to meet its obligations under the deal , which is meant to prevent it from acquiring a nuclear weapon . "  In the meantime , we should not do anything counterproductive that might shatter Western unity on this issue -- we should make sure that if the talks fail , it was Iran that caused their failure , " Johnson said in remarks prepared for a Banking Committee hearing on the issue Thursday . Despite Johnson 's insistence , other lawmakers have n't given up on the idea of sanctions . A bipartisan group of senators is close to an agreement on tougher sanctions , CNN reported Tuesday , but it is not clear whether the Democratic majority would bring such a deal up for a vote . That deal , if it comes together , would include a new round of sanctions to begin in six months and would bar the enrichment of uranium . It would permit commercial nuclear power as long as the international community monitored it . The bipartisan group includes Democrats Chuck Schumer of New York and Robert Menendez of New Jersey and Republicans Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Mark Kirk of Illinois -- all strong supporters of Israel , whose government has panned the deal as a historic mistake . "  We see today that that the Iranians are launching a rocket next week , and though this was supposedly made as their space program , it 's well known that this is just a cover for military ballistic weapons program , " Menendez said at Thursday 's hearing . "  I think that a provocative action in the midst of such negotiations should be interpreted as a sign of bad faith , and only reaffirms in our mind why we need to proceed with some efforts here . " But Wendy Sherman , undersecretary of state for political affairs , testified at Thursday 's hearing that while there 's good reason to be skeptical of Iran , it 's important to hold fast with other nations who helped negotiate the deal . "  Now that we have this first step agreed to , and are about to begin negotiations on the comprehensive agreement that we all want , if we indeed say , ` Well , we did n't really mean it , we 're going to now impose additional sanctions that you all will have to live with around the world , ' our partners are likely to say , ` Well , wait a minute here , you 're changing the rules ; we agreed to harm our own economies in service to diplomacy , and you 're not giving diplomacy a chance . ' " ` Lack of faith ' Sherman 's comments echoed those of her boss , Secretary of State John Kerry , who told lawmakers Tuesday that U.S. legislation imposing sanctions could give the administration 's international partners in the Iranian nuclear deal -- Russia , China , the United Kingdom , France and Germany -- the wrong idea , even if the bill includes a six-month waiting period to see if the interim agreement succeeds . "  Even if the sanctions are not imposed , it implies a lack of faith in the process and an unwillingness to play by the rules that our partners are playing by , " Kerry said . "  You can design them , we can sit here and be ready to go . We 're just saying to you please give us the opportunity to negotiate along the contours of what we have agreed upon . " In his statement Thursday , Johnson agreed to do just that , and suggested that other lawmakers should follow suit . "  Ultimately , while some of us might differ on tactics , it is clear we all share the same goal : to ensure that Iran does not achieve a nuclear weapon , and to do that diplomatically if possible , while recognizing that other alternatives remain on the table , " he said . "  Now that Iran has come to the table and entered into this first step agreement , I believe this may well be the last best chance to resolve this crisis by diplomacy , and so the President is absolutely right to fully test Iran 's leaders , " Johnson said . Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said Monday the deal is off if new sanctions are imposed . About the deal Among other things , the deal requires Iran to limit how much it enriches uranium , a step that boosts the concentration in raw ore of a specific kind of uranium isotope that is best suited to maintaining nuclear reactions . Fuel for nuclear power requires 5 % enrichment , but Iran has stockpiles of uranium enriched to 20 % . That 's not enough for a nuclear weapon but still worrying to international experts who have cast doubt on Iran 's previous assertions that its nuclear program is for purely peaceful purposes . The initial agreement limits enrichment to the 5 % level and requires Iran to dilute half of its stockpile of 20 % enriched uranium to at least 5 % and convert the rest to a form that ca n't be further enriched by the end of the six-month deal . The country is also forbidden from turning on additional machines used in enrichment , and must submit to what Kerry has described as "  unprecedented international monitoring " of its nuclear program . New designations issued On Thursday , amid the debate about imposing new sanctions , the administration listed a dozen companies and individuals for helping Iran evade existing sanctions and for providing support for its nuclear program . They include companies and individuals involved in prohibited Iranian crude oil transactions as well as firms and people who helped Iran acquire parts and technology for its nuclear program . The designations show the administration 's resolve to enforce sanctions during the six-month interim agreement with Iran , Undersecretary for Terrorism and FInancial Intelligence David Cohen said in a statement . "  Today 's actions should be a stark reminder to businesses , banks and brokers everywhere that we will continue relentlessly to enforce our sanctions , even as we explore the possibility of a long-term , comprehensive resolution of our concerns with Iran 's nuclear program , " he said . In a briefing with reporters , a senior administration official put it more succinctly . "  We have n't let up ; we wo n't let up , " the official said . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Robert Menendez cites Iranian missile launch plan in calling for new sanctions NEW : Administration officials testify that now 's not the time Administration worries sanctions bill could derail historic Iran nuclear deal Secretary of State John Kerry has pleaded for time to work through the deal
CNN  -- By now you 've either heard about or read George Will 's controversial column on the issue of sexual assault on college campuses . Will 's take is that the numbers are "  preposterous " and using "  simple arithmetic " he can prove the "  supposed campus epidemic of rape " just ai n't so . Worse , Will believes that progressivism , the Obama administration , a college hook-up culture and shady math are turning survivors of sexual assault into a "  coveted status that confers privilege . " He goes on to claim that efforts to address the issue on campuses is "  making everyone hypersensitive , even delusional , about victimizations . " I 'd no more want to have a conversation with George Will about sexual assault on college campuses than I wish to discuss racism with Donald Sterling . Both men are shockingly out of touch with reality . The fact is , George Will is so wrong . 1 . George Will argues that "  Washington " and "  progressivism " are to blame for creating a "  supposed " epidemic of campus rape . Wrong . Colleges prefer to sweep sexual assault cases under the rug , but students have brought the issue to light . In 2011 , 16 Yale students and alumni filed a Title IX sexual assault complaint against the university . Other similar lawsuits emerged across the nation . As of this moment , there are 55 universities and colleges under investigation by the federal government . When Dartmouth  my alma mater  was confronted with the problem , the university experienced an astounding 14 % drop in college applications . Unlike George Will , the president of Dartmouth College , Philip Hanlon , hit it head on : "  From sexual assaults on campus ... to a culture where dangerous drinking has become the rule and not the exception ... to a general disregard for human dignity as exemplified by hazing , parties with racist and sexist undertones , disgusting and sometimes threatening insults hurled on the Internet ... to a social scene that is too often at odds with the practices of inclusion that students are right to expect on a college campus in 2014 . The actions I have detailed are antithetical to everything that we stand for and hope for our students to be . There is a grave disconnect between our culture in the classroom and the behaviors outside of itâ $ " behaviors which too often seek not to elevate the human spirit , but debase it . " 2 . George Will suggests that women , hook-up culture , alcohol , anything but men , are to blame . He cites an example of a student from Swarthmore College in 2013 and condenses her report into two paragraphs -- as if it 's representative of most sexual assault cases . Is he trying to find a way to blame women ? Women who drink . Women who say no and fall asleep . Are they giving up their right to say no if they pass out or fall asleep ? What about the morality of the man 's actions ? What respectable young man rolls himself on top of a drunk , sleepy corpse of a woman and forces her to have sex , after she had said no ? Take 25 seconds and watch this brilliant PSA on what a guy should do if he finds himself with a woman passed out , asleep on his couch , or in his bed . It 's really simple and there 's no gray area or ambiguity : Good guys respect women . Creeps and criminals take advantage of women . 3 . By addressing the problems , colleges are turning sexual assault victims into a "  coveted status . " Ask any woman who 's been the victim of a sexual assault , unwanted groping , or date rape and you 'll learn there 's nothing to covet . And most definitely it 's not a privilege . Dr. Jen Gunter , who wrote an open letter to George Will , offers a powerful first-hand perspective that will tell you what goes through the mind of a rape survivor . Victims often feel shame , guilt and fear . When they try to report it , they 'll be questioned about their conduct , whether there 's any drinking involved , what they were wearing , whether they 've had sex with the man before . If it 's serious enough and not a "  micro-aggression " the attacker might be quietly punished , in a way that makes sure that no parents find out . But the victim has to deal with whispers and rumors . 4 . The simple arithmetic does n't make George Will 's point powerful . George Will makes a big stink about whether it 's true that "  one in five women " could possibly be sexually assaulted during college . I could make arguments to counter his math . But let 's do this : What if we say there are "  only " one in 20 women who are sexually assaulted , rather than one in five ? Does that make this problem less of a problem ? Are those women who are raped less deserving of help ? If armed robberies on campus happened to one in 20 , or one in 20 students got the measles or food poisoning , we would call it an epidemic . Simply focusing on the validity of the numbers is not a way to invalidate the obligation and importance of universities taking this problem seriously . 5 . "  I take sexual assault more seriously than you do . " In his response to the backlash , George Will pulled out the Donald Sterling "  I 'm not a racist and I 've never been a racist " defense . He says , "  I think I take sexual assault much more seriously than you do . Which is why I worry about definitions of that category of crime that might , by their breadth , tend to trivialize it . " Actually , it 's George Will who 's trivializing the problem . When he summarizes a single story of sexual assault with a giant incredulous eye roll and suggests that a woman 's conduct should be scrutinized more than a man 's in assessing whether a sexual assault even occurred -- he is trivializing a creepy and criminal act . The reason why so many women have n't come forward until now is because victims assumed nothing would happen , or even worse , they 'd face someone like George Will who 'd put the blame right back on the victim .	Mel Robbins : George Will 's views about sexual assault on campuses are wrong Robbins : He 's out of touch with reality , trivializes the problem , and blames women Colleges tried to sweep assault cases under the rug , but students complained Robbins : Women who are assaulted are victims , not people with "  coveted status "
CNN  -- Florida State quarterback Jameis Winston missed all of Saturday night 's marquee game against Clemson -- not just one half as previously announced -- because of a vulgar comment witnesses said he made on campus this week , the school said . FSU , the nation 's top-ranked team , struggled early but outlasted Clemson to win 23-17 in overtime . FSU initially said the Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback would miss the first half of the Seminoles ' game in Tallahassee , after people reported seeing him yelling an sexually explicit phrase near the FSU student union on Tuesday . But FSU Athletics Director Stan Wilcox increased the sophomore 's punishment late Friday after hearing eyewitness accounts that differed from Winston 's initial version , a source close to the situation told CNN 's Rachel Nichols . The witnesses told FSU officials that Winston was standing on a table while shouting the phrase -- something Winston initially denied , the source said . Winston also initially downplayed the incident , but he admitted the full story after university officials confronted him with the witness accounts , according to the source . Redshirt sophomore Sean Maguire replaced Winston for the defending national champions  2-0  against Clemson  1-1  . The game was Saturday 's only match between two ranked teams . Clemson is No. 22 in the AP poll and No. 24 in the coaches ' poll . Winston publicly apologized Wednesday for the comments . "  I want to be out there on the field with my team , but I did something . I 've got to accept my consequences , " Winston told reporters . "  I messed up . And I got to accept the fact that I did that . It eats me alive , man , that I did something like that . I ca n't carry myself that way , " he added . This is n't the first off-field allegation that has attracted headlines for Winston . After a woman accused Winston of sexually assaulting her in December 2012 , a Florida prosecutor announced last December that no charges would be filed in the case . The accuser alleged Winston had raped her after she had been drinking with friends at a bar ; Winston maintained that the sexual activity was consensual . The prosecutor said authorities did not have probable cause to arrest Winston in the case . Florida State still is conducting a Title IX investigation in the case , an attorney for the accuser said this month . The Title IX law requires schools to investigate allegations of sexual assault even if criminal charges are not filed . Winston made headlines again in April when he was accused of shoplifting crab legs and crawfish from a Publix supermarket in Tallahassee . Police said that Winston said he forgot to pay . As part of a civil citation for alleged shoplifting -- an alternative to criminal prosecution for first-time , nonviolent offenses in Leon County -- Winston was not arrested but was ordered to serve at least 20 hours of community service , authorities said . Winston is once again seen as an early contender for the Heisman , college football 's top award . It is given in December to the player who voters believe had the best college football season . CNN 's Jill Martin and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Witnesses tell school officials Winston yelled vulgar phrase on campus Source : Punishment increased to full-game suspension after Winston 's story did n't match Winston apologized : "  I ca n't carry myself that way "
CNN  -- Luxury fashion houses have long aspired to capture the imagination of the affluent shopper with their sleek designs and bespoke merchandise . But with online-shopping on the rise , enticing customers in-store has become increasingly difficult spurring retailers to dream up new ways to woo and dazzle shoppers . By moving beyond the product , high-end labels are revolutionizing the shopping experience with immersive "  retail destinations " that bring the consumer and brand closer together . "  You are buying into the retail experience as well as paying for the brand experience , " says Jon Copestake , chief retail analyst for the Economist Intelligence Unit . "  Creating consumer shopping experiences and creating this feeling of exclusivity are things that all retail firms will aspire to . " In-store adventures The newly unveiled Louis Vuitton "  Townhouse " inside London 's iconic Selfridges department store is the most recent example of this . After shoppers make their way through the impressive art deco-style entrance , they are met with a striking centerpiece reminiscent of Willy Wonka 's own great glass elevator . Wrapped with undulating spirals in the shape of a giant double helix -- the state-of-the-art circular elevator gently revolves inside a glass tube taking customers on a journey of surprise and discovery within the three-storey luxury boutique . Four years in the making , the unique ` store within a store ' concept -- the first of its kind in the UK -- is the brainchild of French-born designer Gwenael Nicolas , who collaborated with the label . "  Retail tourism is potentially one of the big growth areas for luxury , " says Copestake . "  It 's not out of kilter with what you would expect firms to do especially given they are looking to be driving foreign consumers and retail tourists into stores . " Beating out competitors like Hermes and Chanel , Louis Vuitton 's brand value was estimated to be worth a staggering $ 23.58 billion , according to global brand consultancy Interbrand in May . To put that into perspective , that 's more than double Gucci , valued at $ 9.45 billion . With the luxury world weathering the financial downturn better than some might have expected , high-end luxury brands have had the resource to invest in digital innovation and the in-store experience , explains Copestake . Digital innovation leads the way Burberry has invested heavily in a savvy digital portfolio masterminded by outgoing CEO Angela Ahrendts , a key to the heritage brand 's strong growth . With many of Burberry 's customers shopping online , Ahrendts set out to produce a digital platform which combined social media and enterprise software to form an innovative one-stop shop . The move helped revamp the iconic British brand 's image while appealing to younger consumers and extending Burberry 's global reach . And the digital experiment has proven to be a success as the company announced a 21 % increase in global first quarter sales , with China delivering the strongest growth . Back at the Louis Vuitton "  Townhouse " in London , the world 's most valuable brand has also opted for a digital media experience . With it 's "  Digital Atelier " , customers get a personalized experience with touchscreen technology that allows them to design their own bespoke bags . Fashion blogger Bryan Grey Yambao -- better known as Bryanboy -- agrees that the luxury consumer experience has been enhanced in recent years by labels embracing digital innovation . "  Whether you are Ralph Lauren or Tommy Hilfiger or a luxury brand like Louis Vuitton or Hermes , your brand really has to go beyond the merchandise that you offer , " says Bryanboy . "  These brands make an imprint in -LSB- the consumer 's -RSB- mind saying "  This is what we stand for . This is what we offer . We give you a sense of luxury , " he adds . "  There are so many brands out there and they need to stand out to give the consumer a unique experience that represents the brand as a whole beyond the product that they are offering . " Fashion meets lifestyle With an interest in moving beyond the in-store experience , global fashion firms have also been steadily expanding into lifestyle and hospitality . Both Bulgari and Missoni have partnered with global hotel companies to launch unique holiday destinations , while Ralph Lauren opened a cafe in Paris and Cavalli established a nightclub in Dubai . It 's part of a strategy to extend the business beyond retail while immersing clients in each brand 's individual universe . But retail expert Copestake says such a strategic move is n't without risk . "  There is an element of caution here . The problem lies in brand dilution and brands would have to manage this very carefully , " he says . "  They obviously want to maximize their brand potential by diversifying their operations ... but at the end of the day they have to ensure this does n't come at the expense of the brand itself . "	Luxury firms lead retail destination trend designed to enhance consumer experience Louis Vuitton is latest label to combine in-store adventure with business strategy Burberry also reports growth internationally following comprehensive digital overhaul
It was long time waiting on standby but both the United Arab Emirates and Qatar did get what they were looking for ; an upgrade to emerging market status from the more risky rating of frontier market . Investors cheered the news from the emerging markets index MSCI . On yet another dismal day for emerging markets , Dubai , Abu Dhabi and Doha rallied again . They have been stellar performers for the past year . Qatar : Tiny country making big power plays At the same time , MSCI announced that a developed nation is being downgraded for the first time . Greece 's fate was sealed by the 90 % plunge of its stockmarket since the start of the financial crisis . It also failed to meet a number of criteria set out during a review which started a year ago . The UAE has been lobbying since 2008 , so one could say the fifth year is a charm . This process however required some fundamental changes to operations within the Dubai , Abu Dhabi and Doha financial markets . Read more : Qatar 's inherent luxury These changes included technical delivery and payment systems , liquidity requirements , sector diversification and a higher level of foreign ownership in listed companies . "  They have actually ticked a lot of boxes that previously were stopping the UAE and Qatar , " according to Saleem Khokhar of National Bank of Abu Dhabi Asset Management . These are still small volume markets with turnover around $ 350 million a day , but that is a five-fold increase from where they were when applications came in . I have visited all three of the trading floors and it is not unusual to find a dozen traders on high quality , leather lounge chairs with their traditional white khanduras sipping tea while placing trades . It is an altogether different look and feel from New York , London or Tokyo , but money is being made . Dubai is up 70 % in the past 12 months , Abu Dhabi 54 % and Doha around 20 % . Is Dubai the center of the world  again  ? However this "  is absolutely not about the MSCI emerging market upgrade , " Khokhar said . "  I would say it is more about the fundamentals . " But now that all three are part of this club , strategists say one should expect a knock on effect . HSBC has conducted an investment review predicting that the UAE could see capital flows increase by $ 370 million per year after the decision comes into place in 2014 ; Qatar rising by $ 430 million . According to MSCI , $ 1.5 trillion is earmarked by fund managers into emerging market assets . "  The move is a major sign of approval from institutional investors for the countries ' stock markets , and is expected to attract more stable sources of capital to local equities , " Kuwait 's Global Investment House said in a note to investors after the decision . The UAE and Qatar seem far removed from the post-Arab spring countries , which are trying to find their economic footing , or Syria where a civil war prevails . Both are seeing capital flows coming into their countries in the form of tourism , trade and financial services . These are safe havens of the Middle East . In addition , there continues to be a substantial development spending . In Abu Dhabi 's case , $ 70 billion have been earmarked for the next five years alone .	UAE and Qatar got upgraded to emerging market status from the more risky frontier market rating MSCI announced that a developed nation is being downgraded for the first time Greece 's fate was sealed by the 90 % plunge of its stock market since the start of the crisis
EW.com  -- The biggest production on TV of one of the biggest stories in fantasy is about to get a little , well , bigger . The "  Game of Thrones " team is creating a "  super-sized " third season of the hit series . With showrunners David Benioff and Dan Weiss tackling content from the first half  roughly  of author George R.R. Martin 's largest "  Song of Ice and Fire " novel  the 973-page fan-favorite "  A Storm of Swords "  , the writer-producer duo are delivering slightly longer episodes to the network . There 's still 10 , but you 'll get a little more each week than previous seasons . EW.com : ` Game of Thrones ' casts ` Rome ' actor as Mance Rayder "  There 's almost another full episode 's worth of extra minutes spread across the season , " Weiss says . "  One of the great liberties with HBO is we 're not forced to come in at a specific time . We ca n't be under 50 minutes or over 60 , but that gives us a lot of flexibility . " It will be "  a super-sized season , as befitting ` Storm of Swords , ' " Benioff adds . "  Last year we had a lot of 52-minute episodes . This year is a lot of 56 , 57 . " In fact , the third season finale is expected to run more than an hour â $ " a move that requires special permission from the network  previously , the show 's pilot and its second season finale exceeded an hour  . Episodes are still being calibrated so exact times could change , but HBO and producers are confident the season will deliver more "  Thrones " than ever before . EW.com : ` Game of Thrones ' season 3 teaser poster released HBO says in a statement : "  All 10 episodes gained a minute or two from past seasons with the finale very possibly exceeding 60 minutes . " "  So for people clamoring for another episode , it 's in there , " Weiss says . "  It 's just been cut into tiny pieces . " "  Game of Thrones " returns March 31 , with the season two DVD out February 19 . See the full story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The "  Game of Thrones " team is creating a "  super-sized " third season All 10 episodes gained a minute or two from past seasons The third season finale is expected to run more than an hour "  Game of Thrones " returns March 31 , with the season two DVD out February 19
CNN  -- Defending champion Serena Williams joined her sister Venus in the last 16 at Wimbledon on Saturday , but French Open runner-up Francesca Schiavone suffered a shock defeat . Williams , seeded seventh in only her second tournament since last year 's victory in London , had few problems in dispatching Russia 's Maria Kirilenko 6-3 6-2 to set up a fourth-round clash with 2007 runner-up Marion Bartoli . "  Every match is getting better , my serve is getting better , just getting the rhythm that I 've been missing . It 's great , " said the American , a four-time winner of the grass-court grand slam event . "  I just want to enjoy myself and stay focused . Bartoli is really good . She won in Eastbourne , she 's doing great , so it 'll be a good match . " Can the Williams sisters triumph after a troubled year ? The 29-year-old , making her comeback after complications with a foot injury , has won both their previous encounters . Ninth seed Bartoli , beaten by Venus in the 2007 final , battled her way into the fourth round with a 5-7 6-4 9-7 win over Italian No. 21 Flavia Pennetta in just over three hours . The Frenchwoman , who won her first grass title the week before Wimbledon , fought back after sending her coach and father Walter to the stands along with her mother following her first-set reverse . "  I saw them after the match and they understood completely . It was not against them . It was just that we played a very long first set , and I was exhausted and I was tired and I was feeling worse and worse , " the 26-year-old said in quotes reported by AFP . "  I needed to get that frustration out , so I showed it that way . I could have broken a racquet . I normally never act like that . I felt at this point I had to get all this frustration out and start again . " Schiavone was also involved in an epic match against unseeded Austrian Tamira Paszek , which resumed at one set all after being halted by rain on Friday . The Italian sixth seed ended up losing 3-6 6-4 11-9 in three hours and 41 minutes against a player who also reached the fourth round as a 16-year-old in 2007 but has n't got past the first stage since then . Schiavone , who won her first grand slam at the 2010 French Open , has only once progressed past the third round , reaching the quarterfinals two years ago . The world No. 80 has a great chance of making the quarterfinals as she next faces 20-year-old Russian left-hander Ksenia Pervak , who knocked out 11th seed Andrea Petkovic on Friday to continue her promising debut appearance . World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki remains on course for her first grand slam title after beating Australian 27th seed Jarmila Gajdosova 6-3 6-2 . The 20-year-old Dane will next play Slovakian 24th seed Dominika Cibulkova , who reached the fourth round for the first time with a 6-4 1-6 6-3 win over German No. 16 Julia Gorges . Wozniacki could face fifth seed Maria Sharapova in the quarterfinals after the 2004 champion progressed with a 6-2 6-3 win over Klara Zakopalova of the Czech Republic . The Russian will begin the second week of the tournament with a clash against Peng Shuai , the only Chinese player left in the draw . Peng , seeded 20th , will be hoping to repeat compatriot Li Na 's victory over Sharapova at the French Open after earning her place with a 6-2 7-6  7-5  victory over Hungary 's Melinda Czink . Sabine Lisicki , who eliminated Roland Garros winner Li in the second round , continued her progress with a 6-4 6-2 win over Japan 's Misaki Doi . The German will next play world No. 81 Petra Cetkovska , who eliminated Serbian 18th seed Ana Ivanovic . The winner of that match will next face Serena Williams or Bartoli . Cetkovska , who has never before made it past the first round at Wimbledon , won 6-2 7-6  7-0  against the former world No. 1 and 2008 French Open champion . The rest of the last-16 draw sees five-time champion Venus Williams face 2010 semifinalist Tsvetana Pironkova of Bulgaria , while fourth seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus plays Russia 's Nadia Petrova and Czech eighth seed Petra Kvitova takes on Belgian No. 18 Yanina Wickmayer .	Serena Williams beats Russia 's Maria Kirilenko to reach fourth round at Wimbledon Defending champion will next play 2007 runner-up Marion Bartoli as she continues comeback French Open runner-up Francesca Schiavone loses to unseeded Austrian Tamira Paszek World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki and Maria Sharapova on course for last-eight showdown
"  Horsey ! " scream the children staring in awe at the glossy chestnut thoroughbred towering above them . Their tiny hands press against the glass encasing Australia 's most beloved race horse -- Phar Lap . But despite their excited squealing and impatient jostling , the impressive 1.74-meter tall gelding will never lower his glassy stare in their direction . He 'll never twitch his ears , flick his tail , or gallop down the race track with the remarkable speed which made him a national hero during the darkest days of the 1930s Depression . Phar Lap has been dead for 81 years . His body however , looks barely a day over six-years-old , frozen in time thanks to taxidermy -- the art of stuffing animal skins for display . The champion thoroughbred is one of many legendary taxidermy horses exhibited in museums around the world -- forever ready to run their next race , charge onto the battle field , or star on the big screen . "  Taxidermy is a way to immortalize their story , as well as their actions and deeds , " said Michael Reason , curator of the Phar Lap exhibition at Australia 's Melbourne Museum . "  Museums are all about experiencing ` the real thing , ' so presenting a preserved specimen is a way of doing that . " Equine legends live on From Napoleon 's horse , Le Vizir , on display at the Army Museum in Paris , to actor Roy Rogers ' trusty sidekick , Trigger , exhibited at a U.S. TV network , the intriguing world of equine taxidermy is far from , well , dead . "  What makes preserved famous creatures so different from hunting trophies or natural history specimens , is that most taxidermy is about preserving the animal 's form -- you 're not really trying to capture the spirit of the animal , " said Rachel Poliquin , author of The Breathless Zoo : Taxidermy and the Cultures of Longing . "  With famous creatures such as Phar Lap , you 're preserving it because the animal has done something which is more than animal -- it has qualities such as courage , fortitude , endurance , which we like to think are in the human domain . " Enter Comanche There is perhaps no horse which embodies those virtues quite like Comanche . The gelding gained legendary status as the sole survivor on the U.S. Cavalry side of the 1876 Battle of the Little Bighorn -- fought between General Custer 's troops and native American Indians . Two days after the clash which killed hundreds of combatants , Comanche was discovered on the battlefield -- badly injured , but alive . When he died from colic 15 years later he was buried with full military honors , while his skin was preserved . Today , long after the soldiers who rode him have turned to dust , Comanche 's taxidermy body remains standing to attention at Kansas University 's Natural History Museum . "  Comanche stands for many more things than being the lone survivor on the Cavalry side -- he stands for the relentless march of the European settlers across the great plains and the war against the Indians , " said Leonard Krishtalka , director of the Biodiversity Institute at Kansas University . "  Why do we taxidermy animals , or make wax models , or copy archaeological monuments , or hold historical re-enactments ? I guess it 's a way of understanding history better , of bringing it to life . " Strike a pose But taxidermy , much like history , is never free from our own manipulation . When cowboy actor Roy Rogers had his sidekick , Trigger , stuffed in 1965 , it was in a pose befitting a screen star . Rearing on his hind legs and wearing an elaborately studded saddle , the golden palomino who appeared alongside Rodgers in dozens of films , was auctioned for a whopping $ 266,500 to cable company RFD-TV in 2010 . It appears that in death , Trigger had become larger than life . "  A taxidermy animal is just the skin of the animal , and of course the skin has no inherent shape or pose . " Poliquin said . "  And that 's where the artistry and the human manipulation become involved . " "  Are you going to pose the lion sleeping or attacking an antelope ? All those decisions come in manufacturing the ultimate spectacle . " Art imitating life While taxidermy attempts to recreate animals , it actually uses very little of their original parts . Instead , the skin is usually stretched over an artificial skeleton and preserved with chemicals . Features such as glass eyes or synthetic tongues are also added . "  You have to have a solid knowledge of anatomy , " said Krishtalka . "  One of the big problems with early taxidermy , was that the skin was susceptible to insect infestation . "  Virtually all the animals that have been stuffed before 1960 have great quantities of arsenic on them and still have to be handled with gloves . " Alluring animals There is something both disconcerting and mesmerizing about coming face-to-face with animals who teeter in the realm between life and death . In the case of our hero horses , there is also a deep emotional turmoil at play -- we hold these animals in such high esteem that we feel compelled to stuff them for display . Perhaps Poliquin sums up the enduring allure of taxidermy best : "  There 's a psychological twist that you can never fully get to the bottom of . "	From race horses to war horses , museums display taxidermy equines Includes Comanche , lone survivor of 1876 Battle of the Little Bighorn Taxidermy involves stretching real animal skin over artificial frame Enduring allure as animals teeter in realm between life and death
CNN  -- Hawaii had the lowest voter turnout rate in the United States in 2008 , with fewer than half of the eligible population casting ballots . When I traveled to the state to find out why , I thought most of the problem might be apathy . The surfer thing , you know ? That is part of it , to be sure . But there are many reasons America 's 50th state does n't vote as much as the other 49 , plenty of them specific to Hawaii . Here 's a bite-sized look at eight . If you want to be part of the solution , help us change the list by convincing these five people to vote for the first time , making a pledge to vote or sharing this "  Mahalo for Voting ! " image on Tumblr or Facebook . Background : Introducing CNN 's Change the List Hawaii : The state that does n't vote And , as if I 'm not asking enough already , let me know what you think of this list in the comments section at the bottom of the story . If you have other ideas , I may add them . 1 . Surfer apathy : I 'll start with the obvious one . It 's true that some people are so wrapped up in Hawaii 's beaches and waves that they do n't care about politics . One woman told me politics do n't "  flow " in oh-so-laid-back Hawaii . A state representative in Maui said he looks at swell reports before Election Day . If the waves are big , he said , he knows turnout will be low . 2 . Ugly history : A fair number of Native Hawaiian people consider the U.S. to be illegitimately occupying Hawaii , and some do n't vote on principle . One woman told me that part of her identity as a Native Hawaiian would be diluted if she cast a ballot . The U.S. apologized in 1993 for its unlawful takeover of the islands , but resentment remains . 3 . When it 's 6 p.m. in Hawaii , it 's midnight in Washington : The Aloha State is six hours behind Eastern Time . By the time its polls close , presidents often have been declared . One woman who lives on the Big Island of Hawaii told me she was driving from work to her polling place when she heard the winner of a presidential race announced on the radio . She turned the car around and drove home without voting . In the bigger picture , the time zone issue -- and the thousands of miles of ocean that come with it -- leave Hawaii feeling detached from national politics . The U.S. and Hawaii are like "  apples and bananas , " one man told me . The state feels like an afterthought . 4 . It 's basically a one-party state : Who wants to vote if it seems like there 's no real choice to be made ? Democrats have dominated politics in Hawaii for decades . Many races in the state are uncontested because the Republicans ca n't find candidates to run in them . Currently , there 's only one Republican in Hawaii 's state Senate . The state 's electoral votes have gone to Republican presidential candidates only twice in history . 5 . Polling places ca n't be trusted : That 's the feeling at least on the Big Island of Hawaii . During the primary election this year , some polling places opened an hour and a half late because voter registries had n't been delivered to the polling stations . The state is stepping in to try to make sure November elections are conducted with more professionalism . But I met a sous-chef in Hilo who said that 's too little , too late . He does n't trust the polls because he had so much trouble voting before . 6 . People do n't identify as voters : I found it fascinating that many people in Hawaii do n't vote at least in part because they do n't see themselves as the type of people who participate in civil society . A 36-year-old man told me he never voted until two years ago , when he found a website asking people to pledge to vote . It was that simple . Once someone invited him into the system , he participated . No one had asked before . He ran for a seat in the state House of Representatives in the primary election this year . 7 . The schools are bad : I heard from many adults in Hawaii that the school system does not do a good job teaching young people about politics and how decisions made by politicians affect their day-to-day lives . There are exceptions , of course , like Jason Duncan 's class at a high school near Honolulu . There , I met a young woman who said she did n't see the importance of voting until Duncan led a conversation on the topic . But the state should do a better job educating the next generation of voters . 8 . Election laws make it too hard to register : There are plenty of available tools that would make voting easier in Hawaii , including same-day voter registration , which would let people walk into a polling place on election day , register and vote right then ; and online registration , which Hawaii plans to implement in 2016 . I heard time and again from non-voters that they did n't have a clue about how to register . States like Minnesota that have implemented progressive registration policies see higher turnout rates . That state topped the list , with a 78 % participation rate . What do you think would help increase voter participation in Hawaii ? Let me know in the comments . Your idea may be part of a future story on CNN.com .	Hawaii had the lowest voter turnout rate in 2008 CNN is doing stories on the state to try to boost participation An ugly history , Democratic dominance and time zones are to blame And , sure , there are some apathetic surfers in the state , too
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A series of bombings rocked Iraq 's capital within one hour Wednesday , killing at least 95 people and wounding 563 others , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . People gather outside the Iraqi Foreign Ministry on Wednesday in a residential area in Baghdad . The six explosions marked the country 's deadliest day since the United States pulled its combat troops from Iraqi cities and towns nearly two months ago and left security in the hands of the Iraqis . In one attack , a truck bomb exploded outside the Ministry of Foreign Affairs . The blast blew through the front of the building , sending some vehicles flying and leaving others in mangled twists of metal in the area , which is just outside the restricted International Zone , also known as the Green Zone . Nearby , Iraqi security forces stood with shocked expressions as ambulances screamed past . More photos of Baghdad 's deadly day " Another truck bomb went off outside the Ministry of Finance building . In central Baghdad , a roadside bomb exploded on Kifa Street , and another bomb exploded in the Salhiya neighborhood , where on Tuesday security forces had avoided injuries by successfully defusing a truck bomb . Wednesday 's other two bombs exploded in eastern Baghdad 's Beirut Square , officials said . "  The terrorism attacks that took place today require , without a doubt , the re-evaluation of our plans and our security mechanisms to face the challenges of terrorism , " Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said in a written statement . U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Chris Hill and Gen. Ray Odierno , the top U.S. commander in Iraq , issued a joint statement condemning the bombings . "  The horrific injuries and loss of life witnessed in Baghdad today are terrorist attacks that serve no legitimate purpose , " they said . The attacks "  will not deter Iraqis from continuing their efforts to build a peaceful and prosperous society and engage the international community , nor will they weaken our resolve to help them in their efforts , " they added . Two people believed to be connected to the bombings have been arrested , an official with the Iraqi army told CNN . The two suspects were driving in a car rigged with explosives before they were arrested by Iraqi Security Forces , the official said . The two suspects were believed to be al Qaeda in Iraq senior leaders , the official said . The United States pulled its combat troops from Iraqi cities and towns on June 30 , leaving security responsibilities to the Iraqis . The U.S. military remains in a training and advisory capacity in those areas and continues to conduct combat operations outside cities and towns . Since then , al-Maliki has ordered his government to remove the concrete blast walls that line Baghdad 's streets and surround whole neighborhoods . The order does not cover the Green Zone -- which houses Iraqi government buildings and the U.S. Embassy -- or military installations , government institutions , hotels and some private companies . The government has also removed some checkpoints , including one on the road where the bombing near the Ministry of Foreign Affairs occurred . That checkpoint had contained bomb-detection equipment . Major incidents of violence in Iraq since 2008 include : CNN 's Arwa Damon and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Iraqi prime minister says attacks require "  re-evaluation " of security plans Death toll from six Baghdad blasts rises to 95 ; hundreds injured Attacks make Wednesday the deadliest day since Iraqis took charge of security Two men believed to be al Qaeda in Iraq senior leaders arrested , official says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghanistan 's presidential election will go to a second round after no one candidate garnered more than 50 % of the vote , the country 's election commission said Saturday . The top two vote-getters , former Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani , will be in a runoff slated for June 7 , said Independent Election Commission head Ahmad Yusuf Nuristani . "  I think the elections went pretty good , we are satisfied with it and with the results , " Nuristani said on state television . Seven million Afghans went to the polls on April 5 to choose a successor to outgoing President Hamid Karzai . It will be the country 's first democratic transfer of presidential power . The preliminary results were announced Saturday , showing Abdullah with 45 % of the votes and Ghani with 32 % . Zalmai Rasoul 's presidential hopes ended with a third place finish with 12 % of the vote . Abdullah and Ghani were seen as the front-runners going into the April 5 ballot . Abdullah , who is associated with the Tajik ethnic group , is partnered with Mohammad Mohaqeq , a leader of the Hazara ethnic group . He also has a Pashtun on the ticket . An eye doctor by training , Abdullah became Afghanistan 's foreign minister under Karzai . He ran against him in 2009 but dropped out to protest what he saw as large-scale voter fraud . He is considered to be relatively liberal and has made at least one public statement in support of women 's rights . Ghani , who earned his doctorate at Columbia University in the United States , is from the Pashtun ethnic group . His running mate is Abdul Rashid Dostum , a leader of the Uzbek ethnic group . Ghani was the country 's finance minister under Karzai . Security will be a key issue for whoever is elected president . A series of deadly attacks marked the run-up to the vote , and Kabul was again rocked by violence Thursday when at least three American medical workers in the capital were shot by a policeman guarding a hospital . NATO troops are scheduled to draw down from Afghanistan by the end of the year . Karzai , who is constitutionally required to step down after two terms in office , has refused to sign an agreement to keep international forces in Afghanistan , also known as the Status of Forces Agreement . But the two leading presidential candidates have said they would sign it .	Afghanistan 's presidential election will go to a second round Electoral commission says final results will be released May 14 It will be the country 's first democratic transfer of presidential power
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's timing was impeccable : July 1 marks the 60th anniversary of the establishment of Japan 's Self-Defense Forces  SDF  , the de-fanged fighting force that has protected the country since its creation from the ashes of post-World War II Japan . Following the announcement , it is also the day that , some would argue , the name ceased to have any meaning . Abe 's government , mindful of looming regional security threats to Japan and its neighbors , has allowed the "  reinterpretation " of the country 's pacifist postwar constitution to reflect what he sees as necessary pivots to meet the 21st century security challenges that the nation faces . Abe 's Cabinet has approved a defense policy that takes a liberal view of the constitution , allowing for Japanese involvement in the defense of its allies . Previously , the SDF could only act if Japan itself was directly threatened . Abe , speaking at a press conference Tuesday . said that the "  basic idea " of the constitution "  remains unchanged , " and that any involvement in military action must be taken in a "  minimal way . " He said that Japan 's security policy has evolved throughout the postwar period , and that the SDF activities in peacekeeping missions are appreciated around the world . With the reinterpretation , "  Japan will contribute even more than in the past . " With regional concerns , such as North Korea 's missile program and China 's increasing belligerence in regional territorial claims occupying the Prime Minister 's mind , he will see a more relaxed interpretation of the document as critical to maintaining Japan 's influence , both within the East Asian sphere but also internationally . "  Our peace is not something given by others , " Abe said . "  We ourselves must establish peace . There is no other way . " The move paves the way for Japan to send SDF troops , ships and aircraft to support U.S. military activities in conflict areas and to join internationally sanctioned security activities , putting Japan in line with many of its key allies , including the U.S. , which has long supported this . The United States "  welcomed " the reinterpretation , State Department Deputy Spokesperson Marie Harf said . "  The U.S.-Japan alliance is one of our most important partnerships , security partnerships , and we value efforts by Japan to strengthen that security cooperation , and also value Japan 's efforts to maintain openness and transparency throughout this decision-making process that 's led up to this new policy . " Abe 's proposal will end the ban on "  collective self defense " and make it easier for Japanese troops to be deployed overseas to aid in the protection of allies . Before Abe 's statement , the constitution 's famed Article 9 expressly disallowed military solutions as a defining principle . "  The Japanese people forever renounce war as a sovereign right of the nation and the threat or use of force as means of settling international disputes , " an excerpt reads . Until today , the interpretation was that Japan can use its military force only to protect itself from external attack . Since its inclusion in the constitution in 1946 , no Japanese military personnel have been engaged in combat overseas , although troops have been sent to countries like Iraq for peacekeeping and reconstruction purposes . And many in Japan are unwilling to see the hallowed article go without a fight . Before the announcement , thousands of protesters thronged the pavement outside the Prime Minister 's office and official residence , demanding that Abe step back from the decision to reinterpret the constitution . Over the weekend one man set himself on fire outside the busy , city center Shinjuku station in apparent protest . Polls are divided over the move , which was hastily -- and some say incompletely -- debated . But one thing is not in doubt ; that there remain swathes of the Japanese public who oppose this move . Yoshihide Suga , Japan 's Chief Cabinet Secretary , said the coalition is "  confident that a majority of the public support the use of the right of collective defense in limited condition . " "  In reality we need to set up legal framework  to exercise the collective defense  and we need to debate in the Diet . I believe we can earn the understanding of the public . " Japan 's relationship with its neighbors , particularly key trading partners South Korea and China , has never been hugely cordial , but is currently at a particularly low ebb . Abe 's visit to the Yasukuni shirine , which honors Japan 's war dead -- including war criminals -- and the ongoing debate over responsibility for comfort women , means that for the Prime Minister to show his hawkish side may risk even further deterioration of East Asian relations . The Chinese government bristled at the implication that it was China 's expansionism that was motivating Abe 's move to a more reactive stance . "  We are opposed to Japan 's pursuit of its domestic political goal by deliberately making up the so-called ` China threat , ' " Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Hong Lai said ahead of Abe 's announcement . He also noted that the government were pursuing the change in interpretation despite widespread public opposition . "  It is the general public of Japan that should have the final say on which way Japan should follow in terms of national development . " China 's state-run People 's Daily also warned of the pitfalls of trashing the pacifist wording of the document , saying that the move essentially amounts to an "  upgrade " of Japan 's SDF to "  a national military ... brutally violating the spirit of Japan 's current  pacifist  constitution . " South Korea warned Japan off operating without the Republic 's consent in matters that directly affect the country 's soverignty , and said that it would "  continue to keep a close eye on relevant developments , " according to a Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson . The MoFA official also used the occasion to emphasize the impact of Japan 's wartime actions and successive governments ' denial of responsibility on regional harmony . "  In terms of defense and security issues , the Japanese government should renounce historical revisionism and take right actions in order to dispel doubts and concerns stemming from historical issues and to win the trust from its neighboring countries . "	Japan 's Prime Minister confirms a more liberal interpretation of the country 's constitution Re-reading of postwar document will free up Japanese military to assist in conflicts overseas Opposition to the move runs high , although opinion is divided No Japanese military personnel have participated in armed conflicts since World War II
CNN  -- Two schools : one a football powerhouse , steeped in athletic glory , and the other a bastion of military tradition . Each have faced allegations in recent weeks of child sexual abuse -- in the case of Penn State , by a former assistant football coach ; at The Citadel , by an alumnus and former counselor at the college 's summer camp . And in each case , the schools did not notify law enforcement after allegations were made , drawing criticism for apparently choosing to protect the institution 's reputation ahead of protecting potential child victims -- something many find hard to understand . "  I think this is a pattern which is not surprising , " said Kirk Hanson , executive director of the Markkula Center for Applied Ethics and a social ethics professor at Santa Clara University in California . "  Institutions would like to find a reason that they do n't have to publicize their own failings . ... Institutions too often substitute their own interests for the interests of the victims . This is an institutional ethics problem , in general . " Retired Air Force Lt. Gen. John Rosa , president of The Citadel , apologized in a press conference Monday for not reporting to police an allegation against Louis Neal "  Skip " ReVille , 32 . In 2007 , The Citadel received an allegation from a former camper that five years earlier , ReVille had invited the boy into his room at The Citadel Summer Camp to watch pornography . Another camper was also present . They did not touch each other , but engaged in sexual activity , the college said . ReVille was arrested last month and faces at least six charges , including three counts of criminal sexual conduct with a minor and three counts of lewd acts on a minor , according to police in the Charleston , South Carolina , suburb of Mount Pleasant . Although police did not provide specifics , CNN affiliate WCBD reported ReVille was accused of molesting at least five boys . According to court documents , he has admitted guilt in at least three cases involving incidents between November 2010 and October 2011 . Meanwhile , at Penn State , legendary football coach Joe Paterno and university president Graham Spanier were fired after former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky was arrested and charged with child rape and sexual abuse following the release of a grand jury report detailing alleged crimes between 1994 and 2009 . Authorities allege Sandusky accessed many of his victims through Second Mile , the charity he founded . Ohio State to Penn State : We support you One incident , allegedly the rape of a young boy , was witnessed by then-graduate assistant coach Mike McQueary in 2002 , in a shower in Penn State 's athletic facilities , according to the grand jury report . McQueary told Paterno what he had seen , and Paterno alerted the athletic director , Tim Curley , but no one notified police . Curley and Gary Schultz , Penn State 's senior vice president for finance and business , face charges of perjury and failing to report the allegations to authorities . In an interview with NBC on Monday night , Sandusky denied he is a pedophile and said he is innocent of charges he sexually abused young boys . He conceded that he should not have showered with any of them . Penn State 's football culture could inspire a reaction of "  we need to rally and protect that institution , " and The Citadel has a storied and proud military history , Hanson said , and "  one can imagine that there would be considerable hesitation " to report the allegations to police . "  This is the same mentality which has gotten the Catholic Church continually in trouble , " Hanson said . "  It 's the desire not to have a respected institution embarrassed and its reputation tarnished . It 's a desire to protect their own , and that 's clearest in the Penn State issue . " The parallels between Penn State 's situation and the sexual abuse scandal that rocked the Catholic Church are "  very pronounced , " he said . The fact that Paterno and Sandusky were revered in the Penn State community could also have played a role . Thomas Day , a Penn State graduate and Second Mile alumnus who is now a graduate student at the University of Chicago , told CNN that when he went home to State College , Pennsylvania , and heard about the investigation into Sandusky 's alleged acts , people 's "  reactions were all the same : How could they ruin this man 's name around town ? " he told CNN . It did n't seem to occur to them that the allegations could be true , he said . "  I do n't think it 's anything unique to universities , " said Ramon John Aldag , an expert on behavioral decision-making and organizational behavior at the University of Wisconsin-Madison . "  I think the same sorts of things happen in organizations in general and in life in general . " He referenced the "  bystander effect , " in which people know someone is being hurt and do nothing . A number of explanations can be given for that , including "  diffusion of responsibility , " in which the pressure on people to act is reduced because of the number of people who may share in the knowledge . In addition , there is "  pluralistic ignorance , " in which people assume everyone else may know something they do n't , he said . People may assume someone else is taking action , or that those above them are handling the situation , Aldag said . He cited the recent case of Wang Yue , a Chinese toddler who drew international attention after a security camera showed her being run over by two drivers and ignored by numerous passerby as she lay injured in the road . The 2-year-old girl later died , and the video sparked a global outcry about the state of morality in China . "  Criminal law imposes very few affirmative obligations on people , " said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  By that I mean criminal law is mostly about ` do n't do this , do n't do that . Do n't kill somebody , do n't do drugs , do n't engage in fraud . ' " But , he said , "  the law is much less clear or less frequently used to tell people to do things . " There are a variety of historical reasons for that , he said , but "  as a result , people have developed the idea that it 's safer to do nothing than do something . " Both Sandusky and ReVille are innocent until proven guilty , Hanson noted . But , he said , "  the difference between the legal and the moral  obligations  , while important , obscures the fact that every individual who sees the abuse , who sees an evil like this , should feel morally obliged to act in order to protect the victim and future victims . " People should consider that a person accused of molesting a child could continue to commit such crimes , he said . The whistle-blower effect may also have contributed to the lack of action , Aldag said . "  Whoever it is that would speak out , either going to the police or to the press , that person is essentially a whistle-blower , and we know that whistle-blower -- that 's a tremendous role to take on , especially if you 're in a situation where you 're probably going to cause huge harm to the university and people involved , and especially if you 're in a position without too much power , " he said . " ... They 're permanently scarred by this . " Sandusky interview infuriates critics "  The discussion of whistle-blowers over the last 25 years has struggled with this question of institutional interest and concern for individuals who are harmed by the behavior of representatives of that institution , " Hanson said . " ... There are many laws in the U.S. which simply require reporting it to the institution . It is an ongoing dilemma of whether that 's enough . Should we require , legally , individuals to report misbehavior not just to their institutions , but to police and public authorities ? " Pennsylvania is considering adopting a mandatory reporting law in the wake of the scandal . Hanson said such a law is already in place in California , requiring health care workers , teachers and others to report suspicions to police "  regardless of what their institution does . " The law was passed "  because of concerns like this -- ' I washed my hands of the responsibility because I told my boss , ' " Hanson said . "  As word of misbehavior goes up the chain of command , each level will have the temptation to sweep it under the rug , " he said . "  And they can frequently be pressured to ignore the behavior . ... "  What you hope will happen in the future is that anyone who witnesses a child being molested will take the personal responsibility to make sure the authorities are called and not just report it to the institution . "	Both Penn State and The Citadel are criticized for failing to report abuse allegations Professor : "  Institutions too often substitute their own interests for the interests of the victims " The phenomenon is not unique to universities , another expert says
CNN  -- Four days before Baylor University basketball star Isaiah Austin hoped to be drafted into the NBA , his dreams of playing in the pros were extinguished by a rare genetic disease called Marfan syndrome . "  I had a dream that my name was going to be called , " Austin told ESPN . But after a standard physical , test results revealed he had Marfan syndrome . "  They said I would n't be able to play basketball no more , at a competitive level . ... They told me my arteries and my heart are enlarged , and that if I overwork myself or push myself , my heart could rupture . " Marfan syndrome is caused by a genetic mutation that leaves connective tissue in the body weak , according to the National Institutes of Health . The defective gene can also cause excessive growth of longer bones in the body , although it 's not clear why this happens . People with Marfan syndrome are usually very tall and thin . They often have longer than usual arms , legs , fingers and toes , according to the NIH . Austin , at 7-foot-1 , matches this description . The center from Arlington , Texas , revealed during his sophomore season at Baylor that he is blind in his right eye as a result of a detached retina he suffered as a teenager . He was expected to be the first partially blind player in the NBA . Eye problems are a common effect of Marfan syndrome . Curved spines , chests that stick out or sink in , flexible joints , and stretch marks not related to weight gain or loss are also visible signs of Marfan syndrome . Less visible , and often unnoticed until it 's too late : weak parts of the aorta -- the large artery that carries blood from the heart to the rest of the body -- which can tear or rupture . Leaky heart valves that can cause a heart murmur are also among the symptoms . As devastating as the news may be for Austin , getting this diagnosis now may be a lifesaver . "  People with Marfan syndrome can live a long life if they are diagnosed and treated with medication and , when necessary , surgery , " Carolyn Levering , president and CEO of The Marfan Foundation , said in a statement . "  Competitive and contact sports need to be halted to protect the fragile aorta . Otherwise , it is prone to tear and possibly rupture , which would cause sudden death . " "  While it is disappointing for Isaiah that he can not pursue a career in the NBA , receiving the diagnosis before a fatal episode is truly a gift . " Nearly 30 years ago , American volleyball player Flo Hyman was playing in a Japanese league . After being taken out of a game for a routine substitution , Sports Illustrated reported in 1986 , she sat on the bench , slid to the floor and died . Her diagnosis of Marfan syndrome was made only after her family requested an autopsy . Hyman never knew she was playing with a dime-sized weak spot on her aorta that burst during the game . The Marfan Foundation estimates about 200,000 people in the United States have Marfan syndrome or a related disorder ; about half do n't know it . Most people who have Marfan syndrome inherit it from their parents , according to the NIH , though a quarter of the cases are not inherited . There is no cure for Marfan syndrome , but getting regular checkups , having surgery , taking medications and wearing a medical alert bracelet can help someone living with the disease have the best possible outcome .	NBA hopeful Isaiah Austin diagnosed with Marfan syndrome Marfan syndrome is a rate genetic disease that leaves connective tissue weak Defective gene can cause excessive bone growth , eye problems
CNN  -- According to a recent U.N. report , insects could be a solution to some of the world 's food and health problems . They 're nutritious , eco-friendly and abundant . Many countries already consider them a staple part of their diets . So if we 're all to start consuming locusts and scorpions , we can start in Southeast Asia for guidance . They 're a common sight in Bangkok . Come nightfall , at any given outdoor market or busy road there will usually be at least one vendor with a pushcart loaded up with insect snacks , making many tourists squirm and others lick their lips . Maybe you 're in the mood for some fried crickets . Or perhaps it 's the pile of bamboo worms that has you salivating . These bug vendors serve up to a dozen varieties of insects , which are usually fried in vegetable oil then sprayed with soy sauce to add some zing . To locals , and some expats , these foods are not out of the ordinary -- they 're part of the many meals on offer . Though most tourists prefer to munch on bugs for the shock value and to try something different -- check me out on Facebook/Instagram , how crazy am I ? -- locals enjoy them for the flavor . "  Customers often like to eat fried insects while drinking beer , as a healthy and exotic replacement for popcorn or peanuts , " one vendor says . More on Thailand 's fried bugs : A guide to Thailand 's edible insects Similar markets and food carts exist throughout Asia and other parts of the world . Take some of the options at this Beijing night market -- fried scorpions , centipedes and locusts . Going back to that U.N. report , it says 2 billion people around the world consider insects a delicacy or even a dietary staple . Insects are generally high in nutritional value and beat out both meat and fish in protein content and quality . They 're also rich in fiber and healthy micronutrients including copper , iron , magnesium , phosphorus , selenium and zinc . This makes insects the ideal food of the future , the U.N. says -- not just for the above parts of the world but globally . They will help promote health , wealth and a better environment and go some way to addressing current and potential food shortages . Not only does chomping on a bamboo worm win you likes on Facebook , it helps save the world . Extra ` like . ' Read more about the U.N. report here , via eatocracy . We 've put together , in the above gallery , just a tiny entree-sized smorgasbord of some of the many insects eaten around the world . For those in the United States or visiting , this great eatcracy piece lists several insect servers . Who 's hungry ? Let us know your insect hits , and misses .	U.N. report argues more of us should eat insects In places like Bangkok , eating things such as bamboo worms are the norm Beijing 's popular Donghuamen Night Market has quite the range
CNN  -- Like so many others , I am distraught . It will take many days to sort through my feelings and reactions to the verdict of not guilty in the Trayvon Martin case . Still , some thoughts and lessons are obvious , immediate and , in a sense , imperative . First , those who delight in the verdict are wrong . There is no winner here . Trayvon Martin is still dead and George Zimmerman still must live with the fact that he killed without reason or cause . Here , the "  should have " rules : He should have stayed in the truck . Those who react to the verdict with despair are wrong . We work hard for justice in this world , but we , being human , are flawed . We will make mistakes . The law is only our best approximation of justice , and the law needs constant revision . But doing what 's right is not limited to the law . Sometimes , we must go beyond it . Opinion : Zimmerman case echoes issues of race , guns Those who expect -- perhaps desire -- a riot are wrong . We are better than that . We respect the law . While the law can not force a person to be moral or tolerant , through the law we can demand respect and expect equality . If we are to move forward as a country we must recognize that this case highlights three issues . We must confront these without excuse or rancor . We must be honest about our weaknesses . LZ : Trayvon could have been my son First , we are not in a post-racial society . Racial profiling still exists and it is a cancer . Assumptions and fallacies and prejudice feed it . We are suspicious of those who look different ; we are uncomfortable with cultural differences . We distrust what we do n't understand , but surely we should not act with violence or bigotry . If you do n't know about the "  black male code , " you should . It 's something black boys learn early , even before adolescence . It goes , in part , like this : Even though you 're not a criminal , some people assume you are , especially if you 're wearing certain clothes . Never argue with the police , but protect your dignity and take pride in humility . As a black male , you must go above and beyond to show strangers what type of person you really are . There 's more , but you get the point : If you 're black and male , know that many Americans -- not all , not even most , but many -- assume you are guilty of something , just because you 're you . Opinion : Trayvon could have been my son Now try to live with that every day . We need to see ourselves through the eyes of others . Finally , there 's the cliché -- think before you act . Thou shalt not murder is a universal commandment , one necessary for a civilized nation , a civilized world . Let us focus on ways to improve the system -- the criminal system , the justice system , the moral system , the general welfare system . Let us focus on acts of goodness and kindness that bring us together , as a people and as creations of God . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : There is no winner here We are not in a post-racial society , Brazile says If you do n't know about "  black male code , " you should , she says Now is a time to focus on improving the system , she says
CNN  -- Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini ? Swim trunks or a snug Speedo ? Whatever you select , your choice is n't made in a vacuum under the florescent lights of a fitting room . History has informed the bathing suit styles of today , in ways we might never imagine . Click through the gallery above to learn how modesty , function and the evolution of style have affected the suits you take to the water , and look below for a collection of facts about swimwear . $ 17.6 billion : The estimated revenue of the worldwide swimwear industry in 2015 , according to research firm Global Industry Analysts . 4 : The average number of bathing suits an American woman owned in 2012 , as researched by Statistics Brain statisticians . 20 : The percentage of women who said they are concerned what the general public thinks when they wore a bathing suit , according to a recent survey by clothing company Land 's End . 7 in 10 : The number of women who told Land 's End they prefer to wear one-piece swimwear . 46 : The percent of U.S. men who feel their abs are n't ready to show off at the beach or pool , according to a 2011 survey by "  Anytime Fitness . " 1920s : The decade Australian swimwear company Speedo makes the first non-wool bathing suit . July 5 , 1946 : Louis Reard introduced the "  bikini " at a popular Paris swimming pool .  A similar swimsuit , called the "  atome , " was introduced around the same time , by fashion designer Jacques Heim . 30 square inches : The amount of fabric in one of the first bikinis . In one of Reard 's ad campaigns , he claimed a bikini was n't a real bikini unless it could be pulled through a wedding ring . Anybody got a robe ? Anyone ? 1958 : The year textile company Lycra says scientists created the eponymous fabric that would benefit saggy swimsuits everywhere . 1964 : The first year Sports Illustrated published a swimsuit edition . $ 12.95 : The modern price of a ladies ' vintage-style rubber swim cap with flowers on it from The Vermont Country Store . Photos : Happy birthday , blue jeans !	The average American woman owns four bathing suits There were 30 square inches in one of the first bikinis The swimwear industry estimates $ 17.6 billion in revenue for 2015
CNN  -- Chelsea continued their unbeaten start to the English Premier League season with a 2-1 win against north London rivals Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday . Goals from Spanish duo Fernando Torres and Juan Mata earned the Blues a fifth win in six league matches while handing Arsene Wenger 's men their first League defeat this term . Torres put Chelsea ahead in the 20th minute hooking the ball past Mannone in the Arsenal goal after some sloppy defending by the home side . But the Gunners were back on level terms three minutes before the break when Gervinho guided the ball past Petr Cech after latching on to Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 's cross . Mata 's decisive goal came eight minutes into the second half -- his free-kick deflecting off Laurent Koscielny before finding the bottom corner of the net . Chelsea now have 16 points and remain top of the league while Arsenal slip to seventh on nine points . The win was a satisfying end to another turbulent week for John Terry . The Chelsea captain announced his retirement from international football on Sunday , before being handed a four-match ban and a Â # 220,000  $ 356,000  by the English Football Association  FA  on Thursday for racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand during a match in October 2011 . A court cleared Terry of the same offense in July , but the FA requires a lower burden of proof . Terry is currently considering whether to appeal the ban . Elsewhere , Tottenham Hotspur recorded their first win at Old Trafford in 23 years as Andre Villas Boas 's side beat Manchester United 3-2 . Defender Jan Vertonghen put Spurs ahead in the second minute before Garath Bale doubled the lead half an-hour later . Nani halved the deficit six minutes after the break only for Clint Dempsey to restore the two-goal cushion two minutes later . But United responded immediately as Shinji Kagawa made it 3-2 , which , despite the home side 's effort was how the score stayed . Alex Ferguson 's men are now third with 12 points , level with Manchester City who had Edin Dzeko to thank for their 2-1 win against Fulham at Craven Cottage . Mladen Petric blasted home a penalty to put the Cottagers ahead in the 10th minute after Pablo Zabaleta had brought down John Arne Riise . Sergio Aguero equalized for City two minutes before halftime with Dzeko scoring the winner in the 87th minute , moments after coming on for Francisco Javi Garcia . Everton continued their promising start to the season with a 3-1 over Southampton at Goodison Park . A goal from Leon Osman  25th minute  and a quickfire brace from Nikica Jelavic  32nd and 38th minute  earned three points for David Moyes ' team after Gaston Ramirez had given Southampton the lead in the sixth minute . Everton remain three points behind leaders Chelsea . Merseyside rivals , Liverpool posted their first league win under new manager Brendan Rodgers with a 5-2 thrashing of Norwich City . Luis Suarez scored a hat-trick as the Reds ran riot at Carrow Road with Nuri Sahin and Steven Gerrard also getting on the scoresheet . Steve Morison and Grant Holt made the scoreline look a bit more respectable with two second-half goals . Liverpool rise to 14th , Norwich slip to 18th in the table . Two goals from Peter Crouch saw Stoke City beat Swansea City 2-0 at the Britannia Stadium -- a win which lifts Tony Pulis 's side to 12th . Demba Ba also scored twice to rescue a point for Newcastle in a 2-2 draw at Reading , while Steven Fletcher scored the only goal as Sunderland beat Wigan 1-0 at the Stadium of Light .	Spanish duo earn Chelsea a valuable 2-1 win over London rivals Arsenal Chelsea stay top of the league with five wins in six matches in the English Premier League
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A contrite head of the Federal Protective Service took the blame Wednesday for security lapses that allowed covert investigators to sneak bomb components into 10 federal government buildings . A GAO report cites lax security in federal buildings after investigators got bomb components past guards . The Government Accountability Office , which conducted the tests , testified that they showed the service to be "  an agency in crisis . " Plainclothes investigators testing the effectiveness of private contract guards at federal office buildings were able to smuggle in bomb components in all 10 attempts . Only one investigator was stopped and questioned , but he was allowed to pass with the components of a liquid bomb . Once inside the facilities , the testers assembled the bombs in restrooms , put them in briefcases and "  walked freely " into government offices , according to the Government Accountability Office . Watch undercover agent smuggle bomb " Asked point-blank at a Senate hearing Wednesday why the security guards had failed , Protective Service Director Gary Schenkel said , "  It 's purely a lack of oversight on our part . " He added , "  I take full responsibility . I am the director of the organization . " Schenkel , who assumed his post in early 2007 , said the police force was hampered earlier this decade by major budget cuts , which forced the agency to reorganize how it protects 9,000 federal facilities nationwide . Although police officers formerly protected federal buildings , the agency now uses a core cadre of 1,200 sworn federal officers or "  inspectors " to oversee a small army of about 13,000 private security guards who man the X-ray machines and magnetometers at building entrances . Department of Homeland Security put out an official statement Wednesday focusing on steps the Federal Protective Service is taking to improve the situation , but Schenkel was at times more negative , outlining some of the problems the agency faces . The service , he said , used a "  stubby pencil " system to keep track of guards , and it would take a "  full year , I believe " for changes being made now to have an effect . "  When I came here , I made an analogy that we were a ship , and it takes 38 miles at sea to turn a ship , an aircraft carrier . I think we are probably on mile six , but we 've certainly initiated the turn , " he said . Mark Goldstein of the Government Accountability Office testified about the investigators ' operations . "  We brought in all the components that we needed to make a real bomb , " he said , though the concentration of explosives was "  below the trigger point " for safety reasons . Investigators obtained the components at local stores and over the Internet for less than $ 150 , the report says . "  In a number of the locations -- three or four of them -- the guards were not even looking at the screens that would show materials passing through , " Goldstein said . "  If a guard had been looking , they would have seen materials that are ordinarily not brought into a federal building , and should have stopped our investigators and asked , ` Why are you bringing these kinds of things into a fed building , and what is your purpose ? ' But in really no case did that occur . "  In only one instance did a guard ask about something that an investigator was carrying , -LSB- and -RSB- after a brief explanation , that guard let it go through , " Goldstein said . The covert agents then assembled bombs in the bathrooms , he said . "  In some cases , bathrooms were locked , but federal employees let us in , " he said . Having assembled the bomb , typically in less than four minutes , the agents placed it an a briefcase "  and walked around a variety of federal offices -- both legislative branch offices and executive branch offices in the four cities we went to , " Goldstein said . He blamed the lapses on an "  antiquated approach " to security , saying federal building security is directed in part by the buildings ' tenants , who form a committee to determine the appropriate level of security . So decisions are made "  by people who , frankly , ought not be making them , " he said . He also said security is "  budget-driven ; it 's not risk-driven . " But he shied away from recommending that the contract security jobs be federalized , a move the government took for airport security screeners following the September 11 terrorist attacks . That would be a policy decision , he said . But he said the Protective Service was lax in assuring that security standards it set were followed by the private contract guards . Of 663 randomly selected guards , 411 , or 62 percent , were missing some form of required certification , such as an up-to-date firearm qualification , background investigation or CPR or first aid training . Included in the Government Accountability Office report is a photograph of a guard asleep at his post . The report also detailed an instance in which a woman placed an infant in a carrier on an X-ray machine while retrieving identification . Because the guard was not paying attention and the machine 's safety features had been disabled , the infant was sent through the X-ray machine , according to the report . The Protective Service dismissed the guard , who sued the agency for failing to provide X-ray training . The agency lost the suit because it could not prove that the guard had been trained , the report says . In one region , the service "  has not provided the required eight hours of -LSB- X-ray -RSB- or magnetometer training to its 1,500 guards since 2004 , " the report says . It report also says the service does not have a national guidance on how often its inspectors should check on the contract guards . In several instances , when inspectors have checked on guards , they found "  instances of guards not complying with post orders . " In one case , the report says , a guard was caught using government computers to manage a for-profit adult Web site . All of the buildings involved in the bomb smuggling test were "  Level IV " buildings , meaning they house more than 450 federal employees and have a high volume of public contact . The Government Accountability Office has declined to identify the specific buildings "  because of the sensitivity of some of the information , " the report says . After the report was obtained by CNN late Tuesday , ahead of its release Wednesday , Sen. Joseph Lieberman , I-Connecticut , chairman of the Homeland Security Committee , called the test results "  simply unacceptable . " Added Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , "  In this post-9 / 11 world that we 're now living in , I can not imagine how security lapses of this magnitude were allowed to occur . " Both Lieberman and Collins said they were putting the Federal Protective Service on a list of "  high-risk " agencies and asked Schenkel to provide them with details of how he would fix the security lapses . Although the investigators ensured that bombs assembled in the buildings would not explode , they later videotaped the detonation of several of the devices at a remote site to demonstrate the their destructive power .	Report questions effectiveness of Federal Protective Service Plainclothes investigators test security at 10 federal buildings in 4 U.S. cities GAO agents able to assemble components in restrooms , enter offices Agency chief says changes made but effects wo n't be felt for months
CNN  -- Drug kingpin Benjamin Arellano Felix , one of the leaders of the major Tijuana cartel , was extradited to the United States on Friday , Mexico 's attorney general 's office said . Arellano Felix was one of seven brothers who ran the cartel until he and the majority of the leadership was arrested . The Tijuana cartel , also known as the Arellano Felix Organization , was weakened as a result , but is still considered one of Mexico 's major drug trafficking operations . He had been convicted of organized crime activities in Mexico and was serving several sentences in prison . He is wanted in the United States on two indictments for conspiracy , money laundering , drug trafficking , operating a drug smuggling organization , and murder . The Tijuana cartel , during its peak in the 1990s and early 2000s , controlled the flow of cocaine , marijuana and other drugs into the United States through Tijuana and Mexicali , the Mexican attorney general 's office said . One of the strategies that Mexican President Felipe Calderon has employed in his fight against the drug cartels has been sending traffickers to face justice in the United States . In Mexico , even convicted traffickers have been known to communicate freely and control their organizations from inside prison . Being tried in the United States is thought to be a deterrent . In addition to trafficking drugs , the cartel under Arellano Felix 's leadership ran a network of bribes , spies and killings , the attorney general 's office said . He was considered the brains and accountant for the organization , the agency said . Arellano Felix was arrested in 2002 in the city of Puebla . Extradition processes against him began in 2007 . The handover to U.S. marshals happened Friday at a hangar at the international airport in the city of Toluca , Mexico .	Benjamin Arellano Felix is wanted in the United States He was a leader of the Tijuana cartel
CNN  -- Meriem Ben Salah 's 2-month-old will never know his mother 's Tunisia . He wo n't play in a neighborhood where government minders are lurking and watching . He wo n't have to praise and thank the president before giving a book report . He wo n't fear talking about politics , afraid that he 'll say something the regime does n't like . "  My son represents the new Tunisia , " Ben Salah , a Tunisian native , recently told CNN . "  I will tell him what I had to do and what I grew up with and he 'll understand that now there is no fear . Fear left with Ben Ali . May he and that fear never come back . " A year ago , the 28-year-old posted an iReport about what it was like to grow up in Tunisia under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali . As she wrote , Tunisia was in the throws of a historic revolution , a movement that would spread throughout the Middle East and North Africa . The movement , known as the Arab Spring , was born in Tunisia with a street vendor 's self-immolation last year on December 17 . Mohamed Bouazizi was reportedly pushed to such extraordinary ends after a municipal official and her aides were alleged to have harassed and humiliated him , and confiscated his goods . Tunisians viewed Bouazizi 's act to be the ultimate protest against corruption in Ben Ali 's government that they blamed for high unemployment and a lack of speech and political freedom . Throngs of Tunisians took to the streets demanding the ouster of Ben Ali who became president in 1987 . Following the 28-day Tunisian revolt that toppled Ben Ali , revolt spread in other countries : Egypt and the ouster of President Hosni Mubarak . The civil war in Libya and death of Moammar Gadhafi . Continued protests in countries such as Yemen and Bahrain . And a series of bloody demonstrations in Syria . WHO 'S GONE AND WHO 'S HOLDING ONTO POWER ? "  To know that the Arab Spring started in Tunisia is just something that warms my heart . It fills me with a love of my country that I thought I would not feel because it was so hard there for many years , " Salah says . "  I am so glad that tyrant is gone . " Ben Ali resigned and fled to Saudi Arabia in middle January 2011 . A Tunisian military court in late November sentenced him in absentia to five years in prison for his role in a 1991 case in which 17 servicemen were accused of plotting a coup against his regime , the state-run Tunisian News Agency reported . Salah will travel to Tunisia with her baby in late December to celebrate . Salah has been pursuing a doctorate in mechanical engineering in California , and was n't in Tunisia for the protests . But she communicated frequently on the phone and over Skype with her parents during the demonstrations . Her family lives in the same town where she was raised , in Le Kram , a 15-minute drive from the presidential palace near Tunis , the capital . She recalled to CNN this week the thrilling phone and Skype conversations she had with her family when the protests were happening . "  The first conversation with my family -- we talked for so long because we were so excited , " she recalls . "  We were just shouting , a lot of relatives jumping in to say something . It was odd because there were curfews in Le Kram and Tunis , and my parents were telling me that the neighbors were protecting their houses because the police were n't working . But no one was stealing or hurting each other . " Salah 's father would occasionally interrupt during the calls , afraid that their conversations were being monitored by the government . "  He would say , ` Let 's not talk . Maybe this is dangerous . We should n't , ' " she remembers . "  And yes , it was scary a little but we were all too excited . It was joy , relief , no fear at all . " Salah said her friends and family say that when Ben Ali was ousted , change occurred almost immediately . They were small and slow changes in the way people lived , but they were deeply meaningful . "  My family would say that they heard people talking in the streets and before you just did n't talk to anyone because you did n't want to be overheard saying something against Ben Ali , " she says . "  Now you can go to a coffee shop and hear people for the first time talking politics . They just talk and talk politics even if they do n't understand it because they are so excited to have this freedom . " Salah 's own family enjoyed these new political freedoms . During the October election in Tunisia , she supported one party while her parents supported another and they often talked openly about their different opinions . In December , Tunisia 's new president , Moncef Marzouki , was sworn in . The veteran human rights activist , who had been imprisoned during Ben Ali 's regime , was elected by an Islamist-dominated parliament , the Constituent Assembly . "  For people in the West , they may not understand what a big deal that is , " Salah says . "  Tunisians understand it and that 's what really matters . It will take time to live in freedom and to have democracy . I ca n't wait for my son to understand that one day . "	On December 17 , 2010 , a street vendor set himself on fire to protest government Mohamed Bouazizi 's act sparked a revolution in Tunisia Those demonstrations toppled Tunisia 's leader , and prompted Arab Spring
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Mel Gibson will not have an acting role in a movie about Jewish historical icon Judah Maccabee , although he may direct the film , Gibson 's representative said Friday . The possibility of Gibson 's involvement in the Warner Bros. . Studios production brought harsh reactions from some Jewish leaders in the United States , including Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles . "  I think it 's , quite frankly , preposterous , " Hier told CNN on Friday . "  Judah Maccabee is one of the greatest heroes in Jewish history . Mel Gibson is an anti-Semite . He has made anti-Semitic remarks in the past . I do n't know what Warner Bros. was thinking . " Maccabee was a Judean priest who commanded the Judean resistance to Greek forces around 165 BC . "  Casting him as a director or star of Judah Maccabee is like casting Bernie Madoff to be the head of the Securities and Exchange Commission , " Hier said . Gibson 's representative , in an email exchange with CNN on Friday , said , "  There are no plans at this stage for Mel to be in the film . " The rep asked not to be identified . "  He is way too old to play the lead character , " his rep said . "  The  finished script will determine whether he directs or not but the studio would obviously prefer he direct than not . It 's an amazing story that should be told cinematically . " Gibson 's rep pointed to his work on "  Braveheart , " "  Passion of the Christ " and "  Apocalypto " as "  all great stories that translate beautifully on the big screen with such a visual filmmaker as Gibson . " Hier disagreed , saying that "  The Passion of the Christ , " which Gibson produced and directed , depicted every Jew , with the exception of Jesus , as a "  tyrant , buffoon , or an idiot . " Hier alluded to Gibson 's infamous rant after his arrest on a drunken driving charge in 2006 . The sheriff 's arrest report said the actor asked the deputy if he was a Jew and said , "  F -- ing Jews . The Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world . " "  My anger with Mel Gibson is he has never made efforts to fix his past mistakes , " Hier said . He said he would have no problem with Gibson becoming involved in a Maccabee movie if he had made amends for what he did . "  They do have the freedom of expression , which we all welcome , do n't we ? " Gibson 's representative said in response to the criticism . CNN 's Jennifer Wolfe and Matthew Carey contributed to this report	Gibson is working on a film about Jewish icon Judah Maccabee , his rep says It 's like casting Bernie Madoff to be the SEC chief , Rabbi Marvin Hier says "  Mel Gibson is an anti-Semite , " Hier says "  They do have the freedom of expression , " Gibson rep says of critics
RollingStone.com  -- The estate of Jimi Hendrix has released a new statement speaking out against a biopic purported to star Outkast 's AndrÃ © 3000 as the iconic guitarist . "  Experience Hendrix , LLC , the family-owned company entrusted with safeguarding the legacy of Jimi Hendrix and administrator of the Jimi Hendrix music and publishing catalog , has made it known many times in the past that no such film , were it to include original music or copyrights created by Jimi Hendrix , can be undertaken without its full participation , " reads the statement . The response follows new reports that the long-stalled biopic , tentatively titled "  All Is By My Side , " is moving forward once again after being blocked last summer . The biopic aims to explore Hendrix 's life between 1966 and 1967 , when he released his landmark debut , "  Are You Experienced ? " Pre-production is said to be underway in Ireland , with principal photography expected to start in three weeks in Wicklow and Dublin . John Ridley , who penned the scripts for "  Three Kings , " "  U-Turn " and most recently , "  Red Tails , " is both writing and directing the film . While Janie Hendrix  Jimi 's sister , and the CEO of Experience Hendrix  and the Experience Hendrix board have not ruled out the possibility of a Hendrix biopic altogether , the estate has refused to license music out to several other planned Hendrix biopics in the past , including one by Paul Greengrass  "  The Bourne Ultimatum , " "  United 93 "  . In its latest statement , the estate reiterates that Experience Hendrix would have to be involved from the get-go with any film that plans to use Hendrix 's original music . "  Until you are on set doing it you ca n't say what 's going on , " AndrÃ © 3000 told MTV back in 2008 . "  Everybody wants to do the movie , but there are so many things that go into a biopic . " Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The estate of Jimi Hendrix has spoken out against an upcoming biopic The statement follows new reports that the long-stalled biopic is moving forward The biopic aims to explore Hendrix 's life between 1966 and 1967
CNN  -- Arizona set itself up for yet another self-inflicted political wound , international humiliation , costly boycotts and historical shame now that its legislature has passed a bill giving people the right to discriminate . The bill was written by the Center for Arizona Policy and a Christian legal organization called the Alliance Defending Freedom . They were inspired , in part , by the case of a New Mexico wedding photographer who was taken to court after refusing to shoot a gay commitment ceremony . The bill seeks to shield Christians from members of the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community who dare to seek equal protection under the law . Specifically , the bill protects all individuals , businesses and religious institutions from discrimination lawsuits if they can show that their discriminatory actions were motivated by religious convictions . Under the guise of religious freedom , however , the bill would enable businesses potentially to discriminate against virtually anyone -- not just Jews , Muslims , Sikhs , agnostics and atheists , but also unwed mothers , Rastafarians and Budweiser T-shirt wearers . This bill is arbitrary , capricious and antithetical to the spirit of brotherhood and sisterhood that inform our documents of freedom . It will lead to marginalization and oppression by allowing bigots to deny gay people access to virtually any business or service . The road to Indian genocide , Jim Crow , Japanese-American internment , the Holocaust and other iterations of human persecution began with laws that isolated and dehumanized entire groups of people . Arizona 's race relations and cultural politics are often misunderstood by the rest of the country . Racial diversity and progressivism exist within the predominantly white and conservative power structure of the Grand Canyon State . This has created an interesting dynamic . Arizona has sometimes made racial and cultural inroads ahead of the national curve , while fear of major demographic shifts , including a growing LGBTQ community , and the erosion of white privilege have unearthed racial stereotyping , homophobia and xenophobic policies . Many outside the state misunderstand this dynamic , assuming we are a wholly backward place without understanding that it is much more complicated than that . Nevertheless , Arizona now has the dubious designation as the first state to pass an anti-gay bill that seeks to shun and segregate in the name of religion . Similar legislation has been put forward in Idaho , Mississippi , Ohio , Oklahoma , South Dakota and Tennessee . The Arizona measure is the only bill that has passed . There is a saying : "  history does n't repeat itself , but it rhymes . " The rhythm of chauvinism and acrimony in Arizona endures . The state long resisted creating a holiday honoring Martin Luther King Jr. , which it finally did in 1992 . It is not too late to shift course , however . Gov. Jan Brewer has the power to put Arizona back on the right side of history . The "  right to discriminate " bill now sits on her desk . The bill passed Thursday , She has five days to reject it or sign it into law . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matthew C. Whitaker .	Matthew Whitaker : Arizona legislature approved a bill that would allow discrimination He says the bill shields those who show religion prompts their discrimination He says bill aimed at LGTB community but could affect many groups Whitaker : Arizona complicated , not as biased as often depicted
CNN  -- Mexico City , home to 20 million people , represents the paradox of the modern Mexico , the side-by-side juxtaposition -- in everything from politics to architecture -- of old and new . Turn a corner , and you 'll see a church that is 300 years old . Turn another , and you can get Wi-Fi in a Starbucks . The Distrito Federal , also known as Mexico City , serves as a constant reminder that Mexicans are about maintaining tradition , except when they 're sidestepping it . They 're about moving forward , except when they are unable to let go of the past . They 're about preserving memory , except when they have amnesia . For example , when it comes to forgiving the corrupt Institutional Revolutionary Party  also known by its initials , PRI  , whose leaders brutalized the Mexican people and plundered the country for much of the 20th century , they have short memories ; they recently returned the PRI to power by electing Enrique Pena Nieto to the presidency . He takes office December 1 . But when it comes to the aftermath of the U.S.-Mexican war , which lasted from 1846 to 1848 and resulted in the United States seizing half of Mexico 's territory -- the modern-day U.S. Southwest -- Mexicans ' memories are long , and forgiveness is n't easy to find . Even after all these years , in diplomatic circles , you still hear talk of the "  sovereignty " issue -- which , loosely defined , means the constant effort by Mexico to keep the United States from meddling in its domestic affairs and the need for the U.S. to tread lightly . News : In Mexico , Central American immigrants under fire I went to Mexico City recently as part of a delegation of Mexican-American and American Jewish leaders organized by the Latino and Latin American Institute of the American Jewish Committee . For the global Jewish advocacy organization , the goal of the trip was to strengthen relations between Mexican-Americans and Jews in the United States . Although my grandfather was born in Chihuahua and came to the United States with his family as a boy during the Mexican Revolution , I 'm hopelessly American . This is my fourth trip to Mexico City in the past 15 years , and I still feel like a foreigner . With each visit , the place reinvents itself . As becomes clear when one spends any length of time here , this beautiful city is also the place where taboos disappear -- except when they do n't . A liberal island in this overwhelming Roman Catholic country , the city legalized early-term abortion in 2007 and gay marriage and single-sex adoption in 2010 . Pena Nieto has even broached a topic that would have been heresy just to mention 20 years ago : amending the Mexican Constitution to allow foreign companies to enter into contracts with the Mexican government and drill for oil on land and in the Gulf of Mexico . And yet , even with all the progress and openness in Mexico over the past few years , there is still one subject that no one talks about , one that is still off-limits : race . The enduring taboo subject is skin color , whether an individual 's complexion betrays an allegiance to the Spanish who conquered the Aztec empire in 1521 or the Aztecs who were conquered . It 's no exaggeration to say that , in this country and especially in this city , the best , highest-paying , most important jobs often seem to go to those who , in addition to having the best education and the strongest connections , have the lightest skin . On television , in politics and in academia , you see light-skinned people . On construction sites , in police forces and in restaurant kitchens , you 're more likely to find those who are dark-skinned . In the priciest neighborhoods , the homeowners have light skin , and the housekeepers are dark . Everyone knows this , and yet no one talks about it , at least not in elite circles . Nor do Mexicans seem all that eager to discuss the larger dynamic that race feeds into : the fact that this is , and has always been , a country of deep divisions . In the 100 years since the Mexican Revolution , one part of Mexico has often been at war with another : urban vs. rural , rich vs. poor and , yes , dark-skinned vs. light-skinned . It 's one reason that institutions such as the economy , the political system and the social structure have n't matured as quickly as they should have , given Mexico 's advantages . This country of 120 million people has ports , highways , airports and skyscrapers . It takes in billions of dollars every year in revenues from oil and natural gas , and billions more from tourism and remittances from Mexican migrants living abroad . Mexico 's economy is growing faster than the U.S. economy , and investments are flowing in from Asia and Europe . It 's consistently within the top three of trading partners for the United States . But what good is all that when only a small number of the population can live up to their full potential ? Prejudice kills progress . The hour is late . It 's time for Mexico to confront the color line and free itself of its past . Or it wo n't have much of a future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : In Mexico , the old and new are juxtaposed in everything Navarrette : Issues break down into urban vs. rural , dark-skinned vs. light-skinned Light-skinned Mexicans have the advantages , he says , but nobody talks about this bias Many Mexicans ca n't achieve their potential , he says , and prejudice kills Mexico 's progress
Fast Company  -- Users in China are reporting that access to LinkedIn has been blocked throughout the country . By all indications , it seems that the popular career networking site has run afoul of the country 's infamous Great Firewall . According to LinkedIn 's Hani Durzy , the company is aware of a blockage in China and is "  currently in the process of investigating the situation further . " The shutdown follows days of calls for a "  Jasmine Revolution " in China , on the model of the Tunisian and Egyptian revolutions . Access to Twitter and Facebook has been blocked throughout China for some time ; Chinese internet users seeking to use Twitter have been forced to access the site through difficult-to-use Virtual Private Networks  VPNs  . However , Chinese dissidents have another way of accessing Twitter ... LinkedIn . Use of LinkedIn , which is fully integrated with Twitter , was by far the easiest way to access Twitter in China . Messages can be easily read and posted through Twitter via LinkedIn . One Chinese Twitter user who accesses both Twitter and LinkedIn through a proxy posted photos to Twitpic that seem to confirm a Chinese LinkedIn outage . Adding credence to the LinkedIn-shutdown-to-block-Twitter strategy is the news that the Chinese government has started censoring the name of U.S. Ambassador Jon Huntsman from search results on the wildly popular homegrown Twitter/Tumblr clones Sina Weibo/QQ Weibo . Weibo means "  microblog " in Chinese . Huntsman faces widespread charges in China of support for the Jasmine Revolution after a citizen journalist spotted him watching a pro-democracy protest from within a crowd this past Sunday . Like any good American abroad , Huntsman was standing outside a McDonald 's . According to The Wall Street Journal , Chinese dissidents have been disseminating calls to protest and organizing events via LinkedIn . Reuters notes that the LinkedIn outagecould hurt the firm 's chances at an IPO : "  If the disruption for LinkedIn is permanent in China , it could hurt the company 's prospects at an IPO as a ban would exclude the company from the world 's largest Internet market -- about 450 million users and growing . " "  It certainly would be a negative in terms of the company 's future growth and profitability , " said Jay Ritter , a professor of finance at the University of Florida . "  This is something where investors would take it into account and be willing to pay a little lower price per share . " Luckily for LinkedIn , China 's Internet censors are notoriously fickle : Sites blip on and off the Great Firewall frequently , with no prior warning . Related : Fast Company 's Anya Kamenetz recently interviewed LinkedIn CEO Reid Hoffman . Read more about the social networking site as part of our Most Innovative Companies of 2011 project . Related : Fast Company 's Anya Kamenetz recently interviewed LinkedIn CEO Reid Hoffman . Read more about the social networking site as part of our Most Innovative Companies of 2011 project . Copyright © 2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	Users in China are reporting that access to LinkedIn has been blocked The company is "  currently in the process of investigating the situation further " Use of LinkedIn was by far the easiest way to access Twitter in China
New Delhi  CNN  -- Flooding in southern India in the wake of a tropical cyclone has killed 25 people in the past few days and driven tens of thousands of others from their homes , authorities said Tuesday . The severe weather has caused flooding affecting 5,250 square kilometers  2,000 square miles  of agricultural land in the state of Andhra Pradesh , according to Vinod Kumar , an official at the state 's disaster management department . Cyclone Nilam roared into India 's southeastern coast last week , killing at least 15 people in the state of Tamil Nadu and running a large oil tanker aground on the shore near Chennai . The storm had already been drenching coastal areas with rain as it loitered over the sea north of Sri Lanka before it made landfall . It brought more than a month 's rainfall in just a few of days , according to CNN meteorologist Ivan Cabrera . The "  high impact , long duration " nature of the downpours "  overwhelmed the rivers and streams " and led to the disastrous flooding , Cabrera said . About 70,000 people in Andhra Pradesh , which is north of Tamil Nadu , have been relocated to temporary shelters , Kumar said Tuesday . The flooding has killed 25 people in the state , he said . The full extent of the damage to crops wo n't be known until after the flood waters recede , according to authorities . Tropical cyclones tend to occur in the Bay of Bengal and the Arabian Sea during the April-to-June and September-to-November periods . A violent tropical storm killed at least 23 people in southeastern Bangladesh last month . And a powerful cyclone that hit India and Bangladesh in May 2009 killed at least 180 people . CNN 's Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	About 70,000 people are in temporary shelters because of the floods Heavy rain from a tropical storm overwhelmed the water system The flooding has killed 25 people in the state of Andhra Pradesh It has also affected thousands of square kilometers of crops
TULSA , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Weeks of protests , rallies , lawsuits and candlelight vigils failed to stop a new state immigration bill -- HB 1804 -- from becoming the law in Oklahoma . Vigils like this one in Tulsa , Oklahoma , last week were unable to stop a tough new immigration law . The law went into effect Thursday and is intended to make life difficult for illegal immigrants in Oklahoma . Its authors say they 're sending a very clear message : If you 're an illegal immigrant , you are not welcome . "  I 'm convinced illegal aliens will not come to Oklahoma , or any other state , if there are no jobs waiting for them . " said state Rep. Randy Terrill , a Republican and the law 's author . "  They will not stay here if there are not taxpayer subsidies and they certainly wo n't stay here if they ever encounter one of our fine state and local law enforcement officials , " he added . "  They 'll be physically detained -- until they 're deported . " The new law restricts the ability of illegal immigrants to obtain government IDs or public assistance . It also gives police authority to check the immigration status of anyone arrested , which can lead to deportations . It does n't stop at illegal immigrants . The law also makes it a felony for U.S. citizens to knowingly provide shelter , transportation or employment to illegal immigrants . The message has been received loud and clear . Many in Oklahoma 's Latino community say people are staying home , fearful police will arrest and deport them . "  They 're afraid they 're going to get deported . They 're just afraid , " said Alex Yoguez , a juice store owner who relies on Latino customers for her business to survive . Yoguez said her business is normally filled with customers . "  We are down 50 percent just today , " she said Thursday , the day the law went on the books . Latino supporters are up in arms about the way the state now views illegal immigrants who have been here for many years . "  You are guilty of ethnic cleansing in this community ! You are going against my community ! " said the Rev. Miguel Rivera of the National Coalition of Latino Clergy . The clergy group filed a federal lawsuit against the state saying the state has overstepped its bounds by enforcing immigration law , which is under federal jurisdiction . A hearing in the case is scheduled next week . An earlier attempt to get an injunction to prevent enforcement of the law was turned down by a judge . It 's not yet clear how the law will be enforced . Illegal immigrants in Oklahoma fear police will use the law for roundups of anyone working and living in the state illegally . "  I do n't know if we 're going to be actively looking for them , " said Tulsa Police Capt. Steve Odom , who works in the Latino district of Tulsa . "  If we come across them in the course of a call , or a course of an investigation , certainly we 'll take the appropriate action . " The Tulsa Police Department said it has not received guidance from the district attorney 's office on how to enforce the law . The department points out that suspicion of illegal activity is not enough , and proving the intent of U.S. citizens is a challenge . Still , many in Oklahoma say Latinos have been leaving by the thousands since the law was passed in May . "  We are losing a lot of business , a lot of business , " said Antonio Perez , who owns Mexican grocery stores . "  I would say between the four stores we have lost about $ 300,000 a month in sales . " So far , the absence of the Latinos on the streets may be the only visible result of the law . E-mail to a friend	Law goes into effect November 1 It stops illegal immigrants from obtaining government IDs It also makes it illegal for U.S. citizens to house , employ illegals Lawsuit challenging the new law is working though the federal courts
CNN  -- The place where the Syrian uprising began two years ago , the Omari mosque in the city of Daraa , crumbled Saturday amid fighting between rebels and government forces . The minaret is shown toppling into a cloud of dust in a video posted on YouTube . The cameraman says government forces are the ones who brought it down , but his claim can not be independently verified by CNN . Daraa was one of several places where rebels and government forces clashed on Saturday , according to activist groups . Throughout the past two years , the Omari mosque has been a gathering place for protesters , the center of anti-government demonstrations in the city . At the start of the uprising , it was briefly used as a civilian hospital for wounded protesters . The mosque was the first place protesters gathered in March 2011 to protest the arrest and alleged torture of teenagers who sprayed anti-Assad graffiti , sparking the waves of weekly peaceful demonstrations that eventually spread across the country . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition group , said there was shelling using surface-to-surface missiles and phosphorus bombs in Daraa and other parts of the country . By the end of Saturday , 115 people were killed in Syria , including 12 in Daraa , the Local Coordination Committees said . Syrian activists tell CNN the government is using an increasing number of phosphorus bombs , incendiary weapons that can cause serious chemical burns . They are controversial but not banned by any treaty . "  Phosphorus burns on the skin are deep and painful , " according to GlobalSecurity.org , a military research website . It says the burns are usually multiple and deep , down to the bone , and the particles will continue to burn unless deprived of oxygen . Activists reported an incident of phosphorus bombs in Merayiya , in Deir Ezzor province , on Friday . The Local Coordination Committees reported helicopters dropped phosphorus bombs over the town of Khirbet Ghazaleh in Daraa province Saturday . Video posted to YouTube on Friday is purported to show Merayiya . Thin streams of white smoke fall out of the clear sky onto pastoral farmland , where small fires then dot the landscape and create smoke that blankets the area . Another video on YouTube , posted Saturday , apparently of Khirbet Ghazaleh , shows a small fire burning in the bricks and rubble of a house , emanating heavy white smoke . CNN can not verify the authenticity of the videos . Phosphorus bombs often are used for smoke screens and become luminous in the dark , GlobalSecurity.org says . Human Rights Watch says incendiary weapons such as phosphorus bombs "  produce terrible scarring and disfigurement . The victims who survive endure painful treatments , suffer from psychological trauma and , in some cases , are ostracized by society . " Fighting raged Saturday in the Syrian capital of Damascus , a spokesman for the Abu Qtada Military Council told CNN . There were clashes at the gates of the city , in the Yarmouk refugee camp , and in the Damascus suburbs , where he reported artillery shelling by government troops . The Italian Foreign Ministry reported Saturday that four Italian journalists who were held hostage in Syria for more than a week were released . The Italian news agency ANSA reported the group was abducted in northern Syria on April 5 . It said they were taken to Turkey after their release . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Neda Farshbaf , and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Omari mosque in Daraa was the first place protesters gathered in 2011 Rebels blame government forces for bringing it down Syrian activists say the government is using more and more phosphorus bombs The bombs are controversial for the severe chemical burns they can cause
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The case of Lockerbie bomber Abdelbesset al Megrahi is "  closed , " Libya 's transitional justice minister told reporters . "  The entire world knows that Abdelbesset al Megrahi was tried in the Lockerbie case and he was convicted and then his case was appealed and he was convicted again , " Mohammed al-Alagi told reporters Monday . "  Then the Scottish authorities and the British government decided later to release him for humanitarian reasons . "  As Libyan justice minister , I believe this case is closed and a man ca n't be tried twice for the same alleged crime , " al-Alagi said . Al Megrahi was convicted in 2001 of the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 . All 259 people aboard and 11 people on the ground were killed when the Boeing 747 , bound for New York from London , crashed in the town of Lockerbie , Scotland . Scotland 's justice minister granted al Megrahi an early release in August 2009 after his attorneys and Scottish authorities said he was dying of cancer and only had three months to live . He received a hero 's welcome in Tripoli , enraging many in the United States and Britain . And with the recent overthrow of longtime Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi , politicians on both sides of the Atlantic have called for al Megrahi to be sent back to prison . "  They have assured us that they understand the sensitivities surrounding this case and they will give the matter the consideration it richly deserves , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters after a meeting with Libya 's transitional leaders in early September . Jamal Ben Noor , a senior official with Libya 's Justice and Human Rights Ministry , said Tuesday the government has not received any official request from Scottish authorities regarding the case . But he said Libya will cooperate if such a request is received from the Scottish or British government to reveal documents or provide access to individuals . Late last month , CNN 's Nic Robertson found al Megrahi under the care of his family in his palatial Tripoli villa . He was bedridden , comatose , and surviving on oxygen and an intravenous drip .	Al Megrahi was convicted in 2001 of the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 All 259 people aboard and 11 people on the ground were killed Scotland 's justice minister granted al Megrahi an early release in August 2009 Politicians have called for al Megrahi to be sent back to prison
CNN  -- I first became involved with the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation  EGPAF  five years ago , when I traveled to Tanzania to take photographs and film a documentary about EGPAF 's work in Africa . Today , I continue to be inspired by the mothers , health workers , volunteers and government officials I met during my travels who remain dedicated to stopping this deadly virus from infecting another generation . But more than an inspiration , my trip to Tanzania was an education . I learned that not only is pediatric HIV almost 100 % preventable , but that we have tools available to achieve an AIDS-free generation within this lifetime . By giving an HIV-positive pregnant woman access to antiretroviral therapy  ART  during pregnancy and breastfeeding , we can almost ensure that her baby will be born and remain HIV-free . Sadly , many of the women and children who need these crucial services still do n't receive them . According to the 2013 UNAIDS Global Report , 700 children are infected with HIV every day . Most contract the virus from their mothers during pregnancy , childbirth or breastfeeding . And only one third of those children currently have access to the medications that will help them remain healthy . Another UNAIDS report from 2012 says without ART , half of all HIV-positive children wo n't live past the age of 2 and 80 % of them will die before their 5th birthday . While these numbers are staggering , so is progress that has been made since Elizabeth Glaser first started her fight to help children with pediatric HIV more than 25 years ago . Pediatric HIV has been virtually eliminated in the United States and Europe and thanks to programs such as the United States President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief  PEPFAR  , we are closer than ever before to ending pediatric HIV in Africa and other resource-limited regions around the world . We can see evidence of PEPFAR 's positive impact firsthand in stories like that of Tatu Msangi , a woman I met during my trip to Tanzania . Tatu discovered she was HIV-positive after becoming pregnant with her daughter , Faith , in 2004 -- when HIV/AIDS was killing millions of people each year and resources to treat and prevent the virus in Africa were very limited . But , thanks to PEPFAR , Tatu received the medicine she needed to prevent transmitting HIV to her child . Today , almost 10 years later , Faith is happy , healthy and HIV-negative . Tatu was so inspired by PEPFAR and EGPAF 's work to help HIV-positive mothers and their children that she went back to school to become a nurse and now works at a clinic in Kilimanjaro . This past June , Tatu and Faith joined U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in Washington , DC to celebrate the fact that since PEPFAR began in 2003 , 1 million babies , just like Faith , have been born HIV-free . Preventing mother-to-child transmission of HIV is the first step toward achieving an AIDS-free generation . I encourage everyone to take a few moments out of your day to learn more about the fight for an AIDS-free future . Tweet , post to Facebook , or even just talk to someone you know about pediatric HIV and what each of us can do to make sure that this generation is the last one to face this devastating epidemic .	Photographer Nigel Barker is an ambassador for the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation Foundation 's mission is to create an AIDS-free generation More than 700 children are infected with HIV every day , most as a result of mother-to-child transmission
CNN  -- "  Fashion is not something that exists in dresses only , " Coco Chanel once said . "  Fashion is in the sky , in the street , fashion has to do with ideas , the way we live , what is happening " . And what is happening , now that everyone is a smartphone owner , is that fashion and technology , traditionally uncomfortable bedfellows , are coming together like never before . Fashion editors were invited to the launch of the brand new Apple Watch , showing how much the ground has shifted . Google has teamed up with sunglasses brand Luxottica , which makes Ray Bans and Persol , to design a new range of its Glass wear . And Natalie Massenet , Net A Porter 's founder and chair of the British Fashion Council , declared she wanted London to be "  the most tech-savvy fashion capital in the world , " as she launched London Fashion Week with Google . "  Innovation is hugely important for brands to showcase , " said Matthew Drinkwater , head of the fashion innovation agency at London College of Fashion . "  There 's recognition that the technology industry needs to engage with fashion lifestyle . All physical stores , not just premium brands , need to create a full experience for customers . " Drinkwater worked with Nokia on the first digital skirt made from mobile phones and with Microsoft on the first wireless charging trousers . He added : "  The brand has to live online and offline . " Burberry , which has more than 17 million likes on Facebook , is one luxury brand that has fully embraced fashion tech . Burberry , the British fashion house , is a pioneer in fashion technology . It has integrated the physical and digital in its flagship stores in London , Hong Kong and Chicago . Mirrors become screens showcasing catwalk images . There are about 100 screens and 500 speakers . There are no cash tills  like Apple stores  and you pay on devices . You can even experience weather -- simulated rain showers/sounds of thunder -- just to remind you why you might need a Burberry trench coat . They 've rolled out the augmented technology with intelligent mirrors to show the outfit you 're trying as if you were the star of a catwalk show . Luxury retailers have been early adopters of new technology and are more advanced in the field than high street retailers , with greater focus on enhancing the in-store experience with video and microchips in clothing for shoppers to interact with . Angela Ahrendts , the former CEO of Burberry who oversaw its digital revolution , was subsequently poached by Apple to help run their stores and develop new products . Although the average town 's main chains have been slower to embrace fashion technology , there are signs of change . Stores have begun to embrace "  showrooming , " where people examine the merchandise but purchase later online , often at lower cost , as an opportunity to engage . Topshop put digital at the heart of its London Fashion Week show by inviting influential bloggers to curate , for example . Chains are also embracing innovation through augmented reality software . Using camera-equipped mobile devices , apps can take detailed personal measurements to ensure clothes will be a perfect fit . The company Fits.me , founded in 2010 , is a leading provider of virtual fitting room solutions . Clothes are photographed on robotic mannequins , allowing shoppers to try items on virtually . It means shoppers can try on every size with a few clicks and then choose the best fit . James Gambrell , chief executive of the start-up , explained : "  I 'm a big online shopper and like many men I do n't like to try on clothes . Instead of doing that thing where you buy three sizes we decided to try 3D modeling with robots . "  We have become better online than in stores . Online tech in retail can track where people go on the site . Such innovation needs to move back to the physical store . " The firm , Holition , has combined a fabric that changed color in the presence of certain pollutants and a sensor that detected the color change and uploaded the results to the cloud to produce a prototype garment that monitored air quality in Paris . Nike and Adidas have been looking at embedding sensors that connect to smartphones to give a more complete picture of someone 's training regime or real-time health . Even Ralph Lauren , which is seen as a more traditional brand , has launched a polo shirt that records the wearer 's biometric data . For companies like these , the goal is to create technical clothing that can passively monitor your health and activity without the wearer having to think about it or carry around additional technology . The forthcoming Apple Watch and iPhone 6 launch promised a new era for wearable technology . "  For the first time fashion is not just an add-on for technology . In the past a bag with a pouch for a phone was the extent of it , " said Rachel Arthur , from trend forecaster WGSN . "  Now there 's a partnership with fashion labels . With technology getting smaller , there 's no reason that it wo n't be embedded in collections and accessories . " But others are more skeptical about wearables . Marc Curtis , head of innovation labs at digital agency TMW , said : "  Strictly speaking , ever since Casio launched their CA 53W calculator watch , we 've been stealthily trying to combine our technology with our clothes , our watches , our hats , even our shoes . "  Arguably , Apple have not created anything unique in terms of technical innovation . However , they have placed mobile , contactless payments at the heart of their new devices . " Curtis is more excited by the potential of smart fabrics , cloths that can be embedded with sensors and microprocessors that can communicate with mobile phones to process information such as the wearers ' heart rate or temperature . And that is potentially the future of fashion technology : seamless , subtle and intuitive . Read more : Wearable tech that will turn man into machine by 2015 Watch : Ralph Lauren 's new tech threads Read more : Is your wearable tech helping you - or watching you ?	Fashion technology is beginning to enter the mainstream Brands like Burberry and Ralph Lauren are integrating new tech in stores and clothing Wearables , including smart fabrics , are the future of this unconventional marriage
CNN  -- Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook were instrumental as Oklahoma City Thunder won the first game of the 2012 NBA Finals . Durant was the game 's top scorer with 36 points , while Westbrook notched 27 , as the Thunder beat Miami Heat 105-94 in the best-of-seven series . Three-time MVP LeBron James managed 30 points for the Heat , who lost out on last year 's NBA crown to the Dallas Mavericks . James ' battle with Durant is seen by most commentators as key to the direction of this year 's series . But it did n't start well for Oklahoma . They had to overcome a 13-point deficit early on in the game , thanks mainly to a 13-point first-half haul from Shaun Battier . The Heat also nailed five 3-pointers in the opening quarter , a franchise record for the opening period of a playoff game . However Durant , making his first appearance in the NBA showpiece , led Thunder 's fightback with an impressive performance that culminated in 17 points in the final quarter . "  I am just playing off my teammates and not trying to force anything , " Durant told reporters after the game , in quotes carried by Agence France-Presse . "  Everybody came to play and we stuck together . " His coach , Scott Brooks , was equally effusive about the team 's spirit and togetherness . "  We showed a lot of toughness in the second half , " he said . "  Really battling and fighting for every possession . I give our guys a lot of credit . They did a great job of competing in the second half . " Brooks ' opposite number refused to panic after Miami 's opening setback . "  We are a confident team and it is a long series , " said Erik Spoelstra , in quotes carried by AFP . "  This group has resolve . Sometimes we have to grind it out but we have the toughness to be able to bounce back . " Game two tips off on Thursday in Oklahoma City .	Oklahoma City Thunder win first game of the 2012 NBA Finals against Miami Heat Kevin Durant is game 's top scorer in Oklahoma 's 105-94 win over the Heat LeBron James manages 30 points for the Heat , last year 's beaten finalists Oklahoma face Miami on their home court in Game 2 on Thursday
CNN  -- What do you tell a worried parent when their concerns are confirmed , that their child has been diagnosed with a food allergy ? I 'm in this position regularly as I work with families who are receiving this often unexpected news for the first time . Unfortunately , food and skin allergies are becoming increasingly more common in American children , according to a recent report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . I 'm also a parent who was on the receiving end of this food allergy diagnosis regarding my own child . Admittedly , it was difficult to hear . I had my fingers crossed as I braced and prepared for the news . Nonetheless , it was still a huge blow . Our allergist was particularly kind as he informed me that my child was allergic to both peanuts and tree nuts , reminding me , "  Mom , you are not to blame . " Of course I knew this , but it was helpful to be reminded that afternoon . You may even come to depend on your allergist as a friend . These food allergy evaluations are really a partnership , and more is involved in the diagnosis than doing a quick and easy test . Understanding the types of reactions your child has to certain foods , the timing of eating the food in relationship to these reactions , your child 's personal history and the family history : all of these components are critical to helping develop a successful food allergy survival lifestyle . I also have personal experience with food allergies . A lifetime , actually . I was born severely allergic to fish . Three decades ago , when I was a young person , the outlook on food allergy within the community at large was vastly different than it is now . Food allergy and anaphylaxis were not recognized as a major public health concern ; the education and advocacy that surrounds this issue today simply did n't exist . Instead , food allergies were considered vague and very mysterious , and hardly anyone was prepared for allergic reactions to foods . There were no safety guidelines in any restaurants , and many ignorantly thought that severely food allergic people were "  hysterical " or that they simply did n't like a certain food . Epinephrine injectors were thought to be primarily used to treat bee stings . I made countless visits to emergency rooms , wondering if I would make it . No one thought to have me carry an auto-injector or rescue medication at all , and so each and every allergic reaction spiraled out of control . I was forever covered with itchy eczema patches . I developed wheezing . I almost died too many times to count . Because of my history , I was determined with my daughter 's diagnosis to provide a "  normalized " and non-panicked environment where the allergy does n't define her and there is ample awareness and support . Here 's what I do when a parent comes to me : First , I just listen . I take in their experience of challenges , the hurdles at school and at birthday parties , the scorn and disbelief from some , and ultimately their worst fears . Next , we take action : I remind parents that food allergies are a proven source of stress , and I 'm completely honest that the early adjustment period can be extremely difficult . I reinforce , though , that what might seem like a huge amount of work in the beginning quickly becomes familiar and easier . Currently , there is no cure for food allergies , so early recognition and management of allergic reactions are important measures to prevent serious health consequences . Strict avoidance is by far the most effective means of surviving successfully with this medical condition . It 's important for a parent to ensure that your household is allergy-safe for kids . Once a doctor has confirmed your child has a food allergy , you should immediately clear every item he or she ca n't eat from your pantry , refrigerator and freezer . It 's also a good idea to thoroughly clean and sanitize your cooking utensils , oven , stovetop and cookware . Why ? Keeping unsafe items out of your food storage and preparation areas will reduce opportunities for cross-contamination . Cross-contamination is the cooking or serving of different foods with the same utensils and surfaces . Food allergens can be transferred via unwashed hands or utensils , preparation surfaces , fryer vats and even garnishes . Also , be certain to carefully check soaps , lotions , cosmetics and toiletries for potentially allergenic items , because they can easily end up on little hands and mouths . Do n't assume that friends and family will remember to avoid reaction-causing foods after you 've told them about your child 's allergy . They do n't live with your child 's food allergy every single day and are n't in the habit of checking every label every time . You may need to remind them every once in a while , and in the meantime , teach your child that when they 're unsure about a food , they need to say , "  No , thank you ! " until everyone is used to the food allergy diagnosis . As parents are learning more about the child 's allergic reaction symptoms , I suggest they bring family members or caretakers to doctor appointments . That can be vital in getting everyone onto the same page . Above all else : I remind parents to always keep allergy medications nearby and up to date . Both over-the-counter antihistamines and prescribed epinephrine auto-injectors have an expiration date , after which their effectiveness diminishes . At first , this allergy diagnosis can feel insurmountable . You think everything will be dramatically restricted , but day-to-day family life can still be wonderful and "  normal " once you adjust to the little steps involved in protecting your family member from certain foods .	CDC : Food allergies are on the rise in American children Clear out any foods from the pantry to which your children have allergies Be careful of cross-contamination when cooking
CNN  -- Thousands of people who fled fighting in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo are crossing back into rebel-held territory because they say conditions at refugee camps are intolerable . A crowd of refugees gathers at the entrance to a USAID center near Goma in the Democratic Republic of Congo . With no food , water or sanitation in the camps , people have decided that it is worth the risk to return to their homes , even though rebels killed and raped many people just last week , residents told ITN 's Jonathan Miller , who is near the city of Goma . Many of their villages have been looted and emptied of people by the rebels , they said . Roads were filled with people returning to rebel-held territory , carrying their belongings on their heads or on their backs . However , others , fearful of fresh violence , continued to leave their homes , overwhelming aid centers . See photos of the refugee camps " Aid groups were expected to travel into the Congo 's rebel-held territory on Sunday to help tens of thousands of people displaced by the latest bout of rebel fighting . On Saturday , aid groups delivered food and water to a refugee camp north of Goma , traveling through a narrow "  humanitarian corridor " the rebels established following a cease-fire with government forces that the rebels announced Wednesday . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said the international community can not allow Congo to become "  another Rwanda , " where 800,000 died during a 1994 genocide . Western diplomats shuttled between Goma -- the scene of some of the worst fighting -- and Kigali , in neighboring Rwanda , to meet with leaders in order to get a peace process back on track . Watch the diplomatic efforts " "  The immediate needs are obvious , " said British Foreign Secretary David Miliband and French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner in a joint statement Sunday . "  We saw them yesterday . The cease-fire last Wednesday needs to be bolstered , " Miliband and Kouchner said . "  The humanitarian needs for food , shelter , water and health care must be met through universal provision and secure routes for delivery . " The cease-fire seemed to be holding Sunday , but both sides appeared to be massing troops near the cease-fire line . Government soldiers flew in from the capital Kinshasa and deployed in the jungle , and rebels were out in force on their side of the line . ITN reporter Miller heard intermittent firing from the hills that mark the line where the two sides face off only a few hundred yards apart . A small contingent of United Nations troops in the area donned flak jackets and helmets in response . Watch report on gunfire near cease-fire line " Miller said it was not clear if the two sides were firing at each other . The latest fighting broke out on October 24 when Congolese rebels led by renegade Tutsi General Laurent Nkunda launched renewed attacks in the eastern province of North Kivu . It came days after a tenuous week-old U.N.-brokered cease-fire between rebels and government forces fell apart . The fighting between Nkunda 's rebels and Congolese army regulars displaced thousands of civilians almost immediately , the United Nations said . Many of the displaced fled to Goma , the capital of North Kivu , which borders Rwanda and Uganda . Nkunda is the leader of the National Congress for the Defense of the People . His rebel forces declared a cease-fire late Wednesday after four days of fighting . The fighting is based on ethnic grievances . Nkunda says he is fighting to protect his Tutsi community from attacks by Rwandan Hutu rebels . During the 1994 genocide in Rwanda , the country 's Hutu majority killed 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus , according to the United Nations . When Tutsis came to power in Rwanda , many Hutus crossed the border into Congo . They were afraid to return home , fearing they would be targeted for revenge by Tutsis , so they remained in the jungles of eastern Congo , where they preyed on local residents . In May 2005 , it was reported that Rwandan Hutu rebels in eastern Congo carried out hundreds of summary executions , rapes , beatings and kidnappings of Congolese civilians in the province of South Kivu , according to GlobalSecurity.org . Nkunda , a Tutsi , has repeatedly blamed the Congolese government for failing to protect the Tutsis from attacks by Rwandan Hutus . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	There is no food , water or sanitation in the refugee camps Aid groups expected to travel into rebel-held territory in DR Congo British PM warns world can not allow Congo to become "  another Rwanda " Four-day old cease-fire announced by the rebels seems to be holding
Madrid  CNN  -- The Las Vegas Sands Corp. finally made it official : Madrid will be the site of its next multibillion dollar casino and hotel complex and not Barcelona , which just hours before the announcement said it would build its own , smaller gambling resort . "  Barcelona is an outstanding tourism destination and choosing Madrid over Barcelona was not an easy selection , " Las Vegas Sands chairman and CEO Sheldon Adelson said in statement late Friday in Las Vegas . Spaniards have dubbed the project "  EuroVegas " and news media have focused almost daily headlines on the fierce competition between Madrid , the nation 's capital , and Barcelona , the second-largest city , to win the project . The battle came amid the nation 's deep economic crisis , with an unemployment rate of more than 24 % overall and more than 50 % for Spanish youth . The Las Vegas Sands project promised to generate up to 250,000 jobs , reports say . Plans indicate the project would be an approximately 18 billion euros  $ 22 billion  development with 12 hotels including 36,000 rooms , six casinos and three golf courses to be built over a decade . But Las Vegas Sands Corp. would provide only up to 35 % of the equity , and the company said the final size of the project , its specific location in Madrid and financing options still need to be determined . Spain is in the process of receiving up to a 100-billion euro bailout from European authorities for some of the country 's weakest banks , which ran up huge debts when the decade-long property boom crashed . Even at the healthiest banks here , credit is still tight . Critics of the gambling complex say it 's the wrong kind of development model for a country trying to pull out of recession . The hotel and casino jobs , critics say , would be mainly low-skilled and low paying , besides attracting organized crime to Spain , which is already one of the world 's top tourist destinations . Earlier Friday , the Catalan regional government , whose capital is Barcelona , announced its own gambling resort , called Barcelona World , to be built near the city around an existing amusement park . Barcelona World would be a 4.5 billion euros  $ 5.7 billion  investment , with six hotels and six casinos , enough to generate 20,000 jobs , about a fourth of the investment of EuroVegas in Madrid . Weeks ago , Las Vegas Sands indicated it would say in early September whether it had chosen Madrid or Barcelona for the project . A Madrid opposition politician Tuesday got a jump on his adversaries in the Madrid regional government and the Las Vegas Sands Corp. announcing that he was certain the casino resort would come to Madrid . That set off several days of official denials and no comments . On Thursday , Catalan officials in Barcelona revealed that their offer to host the Las Vegas Sands project expired on August 31 . And it came down to Friday , with Catalan officials first , and hours later the Las Vegas Sands Corp. , announcing their gambling resorts for Barcelona and Madrid , respectively . Adelson , a major donor to the Republican Party , has built Las Vegas Sands Corp. into a leading global developer of gambling , entertainment and convention resorts . The company has The Venetian and The Palazzo gambling resorts on the Las Vegas Strip , and has expanded into Asian markets , with the Marina Bay Sands resort in Singapore . On Macao , through its majority-owned subsidiary Sands China Ltd. , it has the Venetian Macao and Sands Macao properties .	"  Barcelona is an outstanding tourism destination , " official says Spaniards have dubbed the project "  EuroVegas " The decision comes amid the nation 's deep economic crisis
CNN  In the gentle yet fiercely warm surrounds of the southern Ugandan countryside , Mwanja Banuli looks on as farmhands fill his truck with sugar cane . Packing this rough , woody crop is heavy going and making sure every inch of space is utilized is key . Transport costs money , after all , and this humble sugar farmer has lots of costs to consider . "  There are many challenges in this business , " Banuli says . "  Rent for our land costs about $ 300 and then you need to pay people to clear the land . "  You have to hire a tractor for ploughing and tilling the land . When you add up all these expenses , it 's a big investment . " Searching for Sugarman In Uganda , sugar is big business . This particular batch is headed for Kakira Sugar Limited -- one of the country 's oldest and largest factories . Kakira was founded by Muljibai Madhvani , an immigrant from the Indian subcontinent in the late 1920s . It 's a company still going strong to this day . "  What you see in the background is the first mill that was installed in 1930 to crush only 150 tons of cane , " explains Kenneth Barungi , assistant general manager of Kakira at the site of the company 's nearby factory . "  Kakira  started expanding every 10 years , every 20 years , modernizing , acquiring more land , introducing irrigation , expanding the crushing capacity . By  the 1970s  they were producing about 83,000 tons of sugar . " "  That was about 50 % of all the sugar produced in Uganda . At that time they  Kakira  contributed to about 53 % of the national GDP ... just because of manufacturing and industry , " he added . Dawn of dictatorship It was at this time , however , that history intervened in the shape of one of the 20th century 's most brutal rulers . After a military coup in 1971 , army commander Idi Amin Dada seized power . The former heavyweight boxer made himself Uganda 's president and a brutal dictatorship followed . The often erratic Amin praised Hitler and said the German dictator "  was right to burn six million Jews . " He even bizarrely offered to be king of Scotland if asked . Within a year he had expelled the country 's Asian population , numbering around 35,000 . After almost 50 years , the Madhvanis were no longer welcome in Uganda . Those who stayed , did so at their own risk . "  When Idi Amin told every Asian to leave , they all left the country and went mainly to the UK , " Barungi continued , adding that he believes this when Uganda began to economically fall apart . "  All industries collapsed , all international trade collapsed . There was no longer available foreign exchange to import machinery . Even if you imported the machinery you did n't have technical expertise here to run such industries . " "  Within a few years Kakira Sugar Industries had collapsed , but so had infrastructure in Uganda . Social services , everything had collapsed . " A new start After Idi Amin was deposed in 1979 , however , some of the ejected population slowly started coming back to Uganda . Among the returnees were the Madhvanis . The country they left behind , however , was a very different place . "  The factory was a skeleton , " Barungi said . "  There was no longer a sugar plantation , the houses were occupied by anybody . There was no business to run so it  the plantation  was just an empty shell . " The Madhvanis quickly borrowed money from the World Bank and the African Development Bank and set about rebuilding their business . It has grown rapidly over the last 25 years and now produces 18,000 tons of sugar  a year  , Barungi said . But the effects of the macabre , harrowing events of recent history still linger . A sweeter deal ? Some reports suggest some black Ugandan workers resented how certain sections of the Indian mercantile class treated them . These days , however , Kakira says it strives to promote a responsible philosophy for how it interacts with its workers . Not only is this the right way to engage with people in its employ , they believe , it also improves productivity and staff mobility . Kakira has built schools and hospitals to cater for their staff and their families while the company has also founded the Kakira Outgrowers Rural Development Fund  KORD  , an NGO that provides the likes of workshops , loans and other services for its contractors . Besides nearly 8,000 staff members , Kakira has almost as many contract workers in the shape of farmers , like Mwanja Banuli . They farm the lands neighboring the plantations and are contracted to Kakira , supplying 70 % of its sugarcane needs . "  To be able to sustain business you want agricultural farmers , plantation workers , you want factory workers and the vision of Muljibhai Mudhvani was to develop human resources , " Barungi said . This enlightened approach saw KORD awarded with a best NGO-business partnership award from the Ugandan Manufacturers Association . But it 's the positive impact on individual lives that offers the biggest reward for many in the community . "  Before KORD I was just useless , " said Beatrice Katende , who has received assistance from the body 's programs . "  I used to work as a casual laborer for other people in the community digging in their gardens to get some income . "  When KORD came into existence we learned to farm , to save and how to be self-sufficient . " Through offering a hand up to people like Katende , Kakira hope to help themselves as well as provide assistance to other areas of the local economy . "  The main vision was to always make sure that there is labor supply always available to work at the factory . The excess can go and work in other industries in the country , " Barungi said . More from Marketplace Africa	Kakira Sugar Limited is one of Uganda 's oldest companies The company was shuttered when its owning Indian family was expelled during the reign of Idi Amin Today , Kakira is once again employing thousands of people in Uganda
As many as 86 Atlanta-based workers for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention may have been unintentionally exposed to anthrax , the agency says . This includes people who have come forward since the announcement Thursday , saying they were in the area during the time of exposure . The workers are being monitored or provided antibiotics . "  Based on most of the potential exposure scenarios , the risk of infection is very low , " the agency said in a statement . "  CDC believes that other CDC staff , family members , and the general public are not at risk of exposure and do not need to take any protective action . " As of Thursday afternoon , the agency 's Occupational Health Clinic had seen 54 employees identified to have been in the labs or hallways at the time of exposure , according to CDC spokesman Tom Skinner . Of the 54 who have already been seen , Skinner said only two chose not to take oral antibiotic treatment . In addition to taking antibiotics to ward off any possible anthrax infection , the CDC says 27 staffers have received the anthrax vaccine . Skinner says remaining identified employees , who have not yet been evaluated at their clinic , are scheduled to be seen Friday . Early reports show that a lab did not adequately inactivate samples , which were then moved and used for experimentation in three laboratories not equipped to handle live Bacillus anthracis , or anthrax . Believing the samples were inactivated , workers in those labs did not don adequate protective equipment , the CDC said . The unintentional exposure was discovered on June 13 . What to know about anthrax Sometime between then and June 6 , procedures in two of the three labs may have aerosolized the spores , the CDC said . Hallway and lab areas were decontaminated . There are three types of anthrax infection : cutaneous  through the skin  , inhalation  through the lungs  and gastrointestinal  through digestion  . Early symptoms can suggest the flu . "  In the worst-case scenarios , literally , within a day or two of exposure , if you 've inhaled spores and if they are very lethal , one begins to get -- as they say -- the standard flu symptoms -- high fever , malaise , " said Leonard Cole , a bioterrorism expert . "  You get lazy . You feel sick . You get headaches . You get bone aches . "  And then after a day or two , in the worst case , if you do n't get treatment , it could be lethal for you , and beyond treatment , " he said . The CDC said disciplinary action , as necessary , will be taken . The agency will review safety protocol with employees . The Federal Bureau of Investigation is aware of the incident and coordinating with officials at the CDC as they investigate , said FBI spokesman Christopher Allen . "  It is CDC 's obligation to ensure that people feel safe and are safe in the workplace and the community as we conduct our life-saving laboratory work . We will report findings of this investigation and all steps we take to improve lab-safety processes as a result of this incident , " the agency 's statement said .	As many as 86 Atlanta CDC workers may have been exposed to anthrax The FBI is coordinating with CDC officials as they investigate There are three types of anthrax infection ; early symptoms can suggest flu Workers are being monitored or provided antibiotics , and there 's no risk to the public , CDC says
CNN  Physician Ben Carson on Thursday held up ISIS , a terrorist group that 's beheaded multiple Americans , as an example for the United States during comments before the Republican National Committee . "  We 've got ISIS . They 've got the wrong philosophy , but they 're willing to die for what they believe , while we are busily giving away every belief and every value for the sake of political correctness , " he said during his speech at the RNC 's winter meeting . "  We have to change that . " Carson acknowledged his comments were likely to spark controversy and gain headlines , but he preemptively dismissed the press attention . "  They are just so ridiculous , " he said , to laughter from the crowd . The remarks are similar to ones he made previously , likening the United States government to Nazi Germany in that both , he argued , worked to silence their opponents . Carson stood by those comments when pressed in an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . It 's that very penchant -- for frank and often controversial comments -- that has made him so popular with the GOP base , and turned the retired neurosurgeon into a rising conservative star who just last month polled third in a CNN/ORC survey of the potential GOP presidential field . He 's made no secret of his interest in the race , and recently said he "  feel -LSB- s -RSB- fingers " from God to run . Many within the establishment wing of the party remain wary of him , however , because of his talent for the very remarks that make him so popular with the far right . He also started a firestorm of criticism over comments he made that Obamacare was the "  worst thing " to happen to the U.S. since slavery . But his appearance at the RNC 's winter meeting , alongside the likes of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney , suggest that Carson 's popularity on the right has earned him some notice from the establishment as the party charts its course heading into 2016 . CNN 's Terence Burlij contributed to this report	Ben Carson held up ISIS as an example for the U.S. during his RNC speech on Thursday The retired neurosurgeon is contemplating a presidential bid His controversial comments have won him fans and detractors in the past
Some call it courage , others madness . Still others attribute it just to excessive alcohol . Whatever their motivation , thousands of daredevils from across the globe were on the streets of Pamplona , Spain , on Sunday testing their nerve by sprinting through the city streets in front of six huge , charging bulls . Risking injury at the horns of a frantic , three-quarter-ton creature may not sound like everyone 's idea of a pleasant vacation . Yet the legendary , centuries-old Running of the Bulls in Pamplona -- part of the annual San Fermín Festival -- has attracted more and more tourists to this small , northern Spanish city in recent years . What 's the attraction ? There 's no longer a practical need to herd the bulls through the city streets to the bull ring in the center of town . The frenetic race is maintained because it 's fantastic publicity for Pamplona , as well as one of the world 's most memorable tests of bravery and agility . Amazing and scary So , what 's your chance of injury ? Not as high as the fearful-looking contest might suggest . On the first day of this year 's bull run , among the thousands of runners , only four were treated for injuries . But maybe they 're counting themselves lucky , showing off their bruises as a mark of courage . After all , it 's a sign they almost certainly were n't hiding in a doorway as the bulls thundered past .	Running of the Bulls in Pamplona has attracted more tourists in recent years Event generates enormous publicity for Pamplona Four people injured on first day of this year 's bull run
CNN  In "  Game of Thrones , " Yunkai might be a fictional city ruled by an oligarchy of slave merchants , but the scenes had to be filmed in the real world . The citadel of Ait-Ben-Haddou in Morocco near Ouarzazate  pronounced Wa-za-zat  was chosen as the location , and is one of the most popular film-making destinations in the region . And scenes set in the ancient city of Astapor , which was a big part of the final episode of season three , was filmed in Essaouira -- also in Morocco . But the creators of "  Game of Thrones " were not the first to use the region 's beauty as the backdrop for a major international production . More than a decade before them , Ridley Scott chose the North African country to film the gory glory of ancient Rome in his epic "  Gladiator " starring Russell Crowe . And so did the producers of "  Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time " which starred Jake Gyllenhaal . Indeed , big foreign productions seeking a Middle Eastern backdrop  and possibly an academy award  have long chosen Morocco for its relatively cheap price tag and safety -- and nearly half of the films shot in the kingdom are made in Ouarzazate . According to Amine Tazi , who runs two of the town 's biggest studios , foreign directors come for the dramatic light as well as the wide variety of landscapes . But Morocco 's appeal goes far beyond the beautiful vistas . Filmmakers can find experienced local crews that help productions save half the cost they 'd pay in Europe or the U.S. "  Logistically , -LSB- Ouarzazate is -RSB- very good , " says Tazi , general manager at Atlas & CLA Studios . "  Everything is very close by . Hotels are close by . People are very movie friendly and very efficient . " Tazi 's studios also offer dozens of set options -- from Styrofoam Egyptian temples to plaster-cast Tibetan Palaces . National Geographic used one of his sets in the mini-series "  Killing Jesus " -- the seven-week production was filmed by a crew of 250 people and included 4,500 extras . Bargain Hunting Atlas Studios opened in 1983 to host the Michael Douglas classic "  The Jewel of the Nile . " Since then , around 200 TV shows and films have been shot there , including "  Babel , " starring Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett . "  Morocco is one of the countries that goes out of its way to welcome film makers , " says Tony Reeves , writer of the Worldwide Guide to Movie Locations . "  Technical crews in Morocco are well sought after -- builders , painters , extras , electrical resources . " But in recent years productions have been hit by the global financial crisis and the uncertainty following the Arab Spring which ripped through North Africa . Between 2008 and 2013 , Tazi 's revenue dropped by 50 % . Such a slowdown hit Ouarzazate ` seconomy , where many of the 100,000 citizens rely on the cinema industry from employment . "  The city is poor . There -LSB- are -RSB- few job opportunities , " says resident Abdelaziz Bouydnayen , who once played Osama Bin Laden in a National Geographic documentary . "  We are all just waiting ... There are millions of dollars that come into this city , but the city is still poor . " In the past decade , both of the town 's theaters have closed leaving residents without a place to watch the films shot in their back yard . Changing Times Yet , a series of recent developments have started to show the start of a revival . Last year , 22 films used Tazi 's studios -- up from 12 in 2013 . Foreign film projects spent $ 120 million in 2014 , according to the country 's film commission -- up from $ 23 million the previous year . And part of the reason filmmakers keep coming to Morocco are the tax-incentives -- foreign crews are exempt from paying value added tax . But the other reason is the experience of Moroccan talent . "  Making stories of biblical proportions requires that there be casts of hundreds " says Roma Downey , who is producing the upcoming TV series "  A.D. " in Morocco . "  To wrangle that many people and have them be so focused and understand what they 're doing is a big part of what they 're doing . It save time , saves money . " Tazi is so confident that the current boom will continue that he plans to build a brand new Roman-themed set this year . He 's hoping to keep the cameras rolling and action going in Morocco 's Hollywood . More from Marketplace Africa Read this : Teenager brings poop power to Kenyan school Read this : Bitcoins hit Africa 's money transfer traditions	The town of Ouarzazate is often called Morocco 's Hollywood Ridley Scott 's film "  Gladiator " and parts of "  Game of Thrones " have been filmed in the area The industry is making a comeback after being hit hard by the global financial crisis
CNN  -- Director Oliver Stone was recently a speaker at a JFK assassination conference in Pittsburgh , and he was left wondering why the symposium was n't getting a lot of love . After all , it had assembled experts renowned in the field , including forensic pathologist Cyril Wecht and investigator Josiah "  Tink " Thompson  "  who did the original bullet work "  . "  I 'm here in Pittsburgh with 50 experts who really have done a lifetime of free work on this , " Stone told CNN . "  It was in the paper here , but it should be front page news throughout the United States . I wish people would come here and cover this . " Stone , along with the rest of America , is revisiting President John F. Kennedy 's assassination on the 50th anniversary , which is why he 's just rereleased "  JFK " on DVD and in select theaters . Ever since the film 's release in 1991 , Stone says more evidence has been made available that reinforces his work , such as the report by the Assassination Records Review Board  ARRB  , "  which if anything , widens some of the loopholes found by the Warren Commission , " and makes him more certain of the scenario presented in "  JFK . " "  There 's nothing in the movie that I would go back on , " he said . Alternatively , he dismisses works such as Gerald Posner 's "  Case Closed , " which he said was discredited . Stone : We 're not all conspiracy theorists In the film "  JFK , " Stone tears apart the Warren Commission 's report that a single shooter -- Lee Harvey Oswald -- fired three shots from the sixth floor of the nearby book depository . This is referred to as the "  magic bullet " theory because of the time frame and trajectory required for a bullet to make the path and wounds that transpired . Instead of Oswald as a shooter acting alone , a number of direct and indirect co-conspirators at the highest levels of government are posited in "  JFK . " They include the CIA , the FBI , the Secret Service , then-Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson , as well as the mafia and the military-industrial complex , for a variety of combined motives . Despite his scholarly approach , Stone feels he and like-minded others are lumped together and dismissed as "  conspiracy theorists , " when now , more than ever , "  we 've since learned as Americans that the government lies , extensively , " he said , citing the lead-up to the war in Iraq , revelations of U.S. government secrets via WikiLeaks and the Edward Snowden/NSA scandal . "  Suddenly the trust in government has receded considerably . " One JFK conspiracy theory that could be true Yet when it comes to the JFK assassination , he says some people "  always dismiss the stuff as ` conspiracy theorizing , ' without ever knowing about it . A lot of the media who criticize these films , or criticize me , they 've never read anything , any of the countermaterial . " If people knew about those loopholes , Stone said , the single-shooter theory and the "  magic bullet " theory "  fall apart , if anybody in their right mind looks at it , " Stone said . "  It angers me sometimes , to think of the degree of stupidity about Oswald and the Mannlicher-Carcano  rifle  on the sixth floor making these shots . It 's almost as if we do n't believe what we see with our own eyes in the Zapruder film . " Eyewitnesses who 've come forward in recent years also provide evidence that shots came from more than one location or angle . One such eyewitness , a Parkland Hospital surgeon who spoke at the conference , has become vocal about the wounds to Kennedy 's head . Robert McClelland "  came out , finally , after being frightened all these years , " Stone said , "  and said that the bigger wound was to the rear , to the right , and the cerebellum was practically falling out . " In addition to McClelland , Stone said "  the ARRB deposed 10 witnesses to this massive head wound . A lot of people are coming out and saying , ' I was there . I stared into his brain , which was spilling out the back of his head . ' This is so obvious , that it 's from more than one side . " Stone makes link to Cold War policies Part of Stone 's "  Untold History of the United States " series , also recently released on DVD , provides historical context in the chapter on JFK . "  My best answer to people who would criticize anything we say in the ` JFK ' movie is to look at Chapter Six of ` Untold History , ' ` JFK : To the Brink , ' to understand the man , and the big picture of events , " Stone said . "  We look for the big changes that happen after his death . What did he achieve ? And what is the difference between him and Lyndon Johnson , who followed him , and the man who preceded him , Dwight Eisenhower ? You may not agree with some of our conclusions , but the facts are solid . We did n't make it up . " Amanpour : We are ` quite rightly obsessed ' with JFK , says historian Stone explained that after Harry Truman and Eisenhower , Kennedy was the third president of a national security state with a Cold War mentality , and when his policy shifted away from that , he was "  removed . " "  A president gets killed in Dallas , and we go back to a Cold War mindset , we go back to a military-industrial reaction in all situations , " Stone said . "  It was certainly a reassertion of policies that existed after WWII , " and even after the decline of the Soviet Union  "  the reason for the national security state "  , the policies continue and "  even accelerate , to where we are now . And we are now locked into a system where we do n't seem to be able to break out of , where we 're the global security . We 're in charge of this empire , or whatever they call it . " This chain of events , described in "  Untold History , " is a "  tragedy , " Stone said .  This chapter is also included in the "  JFK " reissue . Most of the Kennedy clan keeps its distance Because "  JFK " was "  such a controversial film , Stone said most of the extended Kennedy clan "  wanted to stay away from it . "  I think they 've been very circumspect about this , because they lost two brothers , Robert and John , and it was very painful for them . " However , John F. Kennedy Jr. did approach the director to discuss the film and Stone 's theories , he said . "  I did speak with him many years ago , before he died , " the director said . "  He came to see me . He was interested in what happened , in my thoughts about what happened , " which resulted in a piece for the conspiracy issue of "  George " magazine back in 1998 . "  I think conspiracies go on all the time , " Stone said . "  I think accidents do , too . Random accidents and conspiracies have existed side by side for centuries , definitely . It 's part of life . I 'm not an innocent in that regard . " But ask him about non-JFK conspiracies of recent times , and he hesitates . "  I 'm not really into that kind of thinking . But the biggest conspiracy of all for me is the one I grew up under , which was sprouted by my father , a Republican conservative , and the entire establishment of this country , which was , ` Hey , the Chinese and the Russians are in a conspiracy to take over the world ! ' McCarthy added to the conspiracy , but they were saying , ` They 're in our schools . They 're in our police force . They 're in our government . They 're your back-door neighbor . ' " "  That 's a conspiracy , OK ? George W. Bush was involved in a conspiracy that Iraq was involved in 9/11 . Come on ! And he sold that conspiracy idea to all these big-shot news organizations . Who 's kidding who ? Conspiracies exist if you can see them . People make up stories . They make the enemy bigger than they are . " Although Stone entertained the conspiracy talk with the anniversary and reissues , he did note that the one story about himself that he 'd like to see die is the one that makes him out to be the go-to conspiracy guy . "  If you look at my body of work , every film is different . It 's confining if you 're always judging me by , ` Oh , is there a conspiracy in it ? ' That 's ridiculous ! " For one thing , the film he had hoped to make but went to someone else was "  Evita . " As he laughed , "  events conspired against me . " Now-tea party congressman one of last to shake JFK 's hand	Oliver Stone made a splash in 1991 with his film "  JFK " The director is rereleasing the movie on the 50th anniversary of the assassination Stone stands by the theories in "  JFK , " saying even more evidence supports his case now
CNN  -- Prosecutors in Clark County , Nevada , filed a felony charge against Paris Hilton on Monday stemming from her arrest over the weekend on suspicion of cocaine possession . Hilton was charged with possession of a controlled substance . She is set to be arraigned October 27 in Clark County District Court , according to courthouse spokeswoman Jillian Prieto . The hotel heiress , 29 , was arrested late Friday . Police pulled alongside a Cadillac Escalade in which Hilton was a passenger about 11:30 p.m. and smelled "  a strong odor of marijuana coming from the vehicle , " according to the arrest report . When the officer looked over , "  the female passenger started to put the window of the vehicle up , " the report said . Police told the driver of the Cadillac to pull over , which he did , in front of the Wynn Hotel . The driver , whom police identified as Cy Waits , 34 , was arrested for driving under the influence after he failed field sobriety tests , the report said . Waits is a Las Vegas nightclub mogul and Hilton 's rumored boyfriend . Authorities immediately recognized Hilton as the passenger , the arrest report said , but police did not want to release the vehicle to her following Waits ' arrest because of the continuing investigation and also because of the strong odor of marijuana emanating from the SUV . A large crowd began to gather at the side of the vehicle as people realized Hilton was inside , the report said . The police lieutenant who wrote the report , identified as D. Flynn , said he approached the vehicle and told Hilton she needed to get out , as police were going to search it for drugs . "  Hilton told me that she was extremely embarrassed , due to all the people taking pictures of her , and she did not want to be seen by them , " the report said . She said she wanted to stay and see what was going to happen to Waits , but also needed to use the bathroom . She asked Flynn if he would escort her inside the Wynn Hotel to protect her from the crowd "  and also asked to go somewhere private and out of the public 's eye until the investigation was over . " Flynn wrote that he took Hilton inside , and hotel staffers directed them to the security holding room , which was private and had a nearby restroom . The officer had Hilton place her purse on the table while the two awaited a female officer to accompany her to the restroom . "  While we were waiting for the female officer to arrive , Hilton said she needed to put some lip balm on , and I handed her the purse from the table , " the report said . As she opened it , a bundle of what looked like cocaine in a plastic bag fell from the purse , and the lieutenant caught it . The officer put the bundle back insde the purse , waiting for other officers to witness it , he wrote . When other officers arrived , Flynn wrote that he opened the purse , removed the suspected bundle and read Hilton her Miranda rights . "  She told me the purse was not hers , and that she had borrowed it from a friend , " the report said . However , Hilton did admit that a broken tablet of Albuterol , also found inside the purse , was hers and was prescribed to her , according to the report . Albuterol is commonly prescribed for diseases such as asthma . Hilton said several cosmetics inside the purse were not hers , but that $ 1,300 cash and credit cards in the purse were hers , the report said . She also said a package of Zig Zag papers , "  which are commonly used to roll and smoke marijuana , " according to the report , were hers . "  I asked Hilton whose cocaine it was , and she said she had not seen it but now thought it was gum , " according to the arrest report . Authorities placed her under arrest and transported her to the Clark County Detention Center , the report said . The substance was tested and confirmed to be 0.8 grams of cocaine . Hilton was released from jail Saturday morning after authorities determined she was not a flight risk , Lt. Wayne Holman told CNN . "  This matter will be dealt with in the courts , not in the media , and I encourage people not to rush to judgment until all of the facts have been dealt with in a court of law , " Hilton 's attorney , David Chesnoff , said in a statement Saturday . Last month , Hilton was briefly detained in South Africa for allegedly smoking marijuana at the World Cup . Her publicist called the July 2 incident "  a complete misunderstanding , " and the case was dropped . In Session 's Carol Gantt contributed to this report .	Cocaine fell out of Hilton 's purse as she was looking for lip balm , police say She said the purse was n't hers , but some items in it were Hilton is set to appear in court October 27
CNN  -- It 's 10pm when the young men dressed in wetsuits rock up at Munich 's hippest hangout . There 's already a line of people waiting to get in . But it 's not a cutting-edge bar or restaurant drawing the huge crowds -- it 's a river . Welcome to the surreal world of urban surfing , where innovative thrill-seekers ride the waves of inner-city rivers . Munich 's Eisbach River -- located in the heart of the German city -- is one of a growing number of urban surfing spots around the world . From China 's industrial ports to land-locked Switzerland 's stunning waterways , CNN takes a look at this mesmerizing -- and often dangerous -- extreme sport . German ingenuity Munich may be 500 kilometers from the coast , but that has n't stopped a thriving surfing community springing up around its legendary Eisbach River . For more than four decades , surfers have been riding the one-meter waves gushing beneath a six-lane highway rumbling with traffic . Even late at night , surfers can be found queuing up to jump in , with onlookers lining the bridge to catch a glimpse of the action below . The river , which runs through the city 's picturesque English Gardens , is just 12-meters wide . But despite the small space , Eisbach is no easy ride , with only experienced surfers allowed to dive in . "  I 'd surfed the ocean for five years , but river surfing is a totally different sport with a different movement , " said Quirin Stamminger , editor of Eisbach River surfing zine . "  It 's flowing so fast -- around 25 square meters of water per second . The wave is formed by fast water crashing into slow water . This creates the undercurrent which forms the tube . " Taming the Silver Dragon Think "  surfing hotspot " and it 's unlikely China 's Qiantang River springs to mind . But not only is the 460-kilometer river home to an annual festival attracting the best surfers from around the world , it 's also the site of a rare wave phenomenon that has been mesmerizing tourists for centuries . Each autumn , a massive tidal bore -- a wave that travels against the current -- surges up the river . At nine-meters high and traveling at 40 kilometers per hour , the "  Silver Dragon , " as it is known , is the largest tidal bore in the world and so powerful that only a small number of hefty commercial boats are allowed on the river at the same time . Watch : Aussie champ -- ` Surfing can be feminine ' Now a group of American surfers has launched an annual festival on the river , using jet skis to reach the bore which pounds through the city of Hangzhou . Towering skyscrapers can be seen looming behind the daring surfers as they ride the murky Silver Dragon . "  Hundreds of thousands of people flock to Hangzhou during the Fall Equinox -- known as the Moon Festival -- every year to stand on the banks and watch this natural phenomenon barrel past , " said Glenn Brumage , business director Wabsono International , a company promoting boardsports in China . "  The cityscape , the hundreds of thousands of people lining the banks , the exclusivity and just the fact that it 's China all adds to the drama , excitement and allure of surfing the Qiantang . " No ocean ? No problem A small European country with no coastline hardly sounds like the destination of choice for surfing enthusiasts . But landlocked Switzerland -- with its snow-capped Alps -- is proving to be the ideal training ground for a new generation of surfers . "  We do n't have any beaches , but we do have a culture of board riding , " said Tino StÃ $ heli , president of the Swiss Surfing Association . "  We have snowboarding in winter , with many riders wanting to do a similar sport in summer . " Many villages in the country sit by a river flowing with icy water from the dramatic mountain range . An increasing number of surfers are now taking the plunge , with festivals held on the Reuss River flowing through the picturesque village of Bremgarten in the north of the country . Waves reach around one-meter in the pretty river . But be prepared to wait your turn -- on a nice day up to 40 people can be seen queuing for more than 30 minutes to ride the deep blue water .	No ocean ? No problem . Innovative boarders are surfing city rivers Munich 's Eisbach River attracts young thrill-seekers late into night China 's "  Silver Dragon " is world 's largest tidal bore Land-locked Switzerland is home of snowboarders-turned-surfers
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Profits at celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay 's British restaurants plunged by nearly 90 percent in the last 12 months . Gordon Ramsay has become as successful on television as he has been off-screen . Run by the Scottish-born chef and his father-in-law Chris Hutcheson , Gordon Ramsay Holdings reported a drop in annual turnover from # 41.6 million  $ 68 million  to # 35 million  $ 57 million  in the year to August 2008 , Britain 's Press Association reported Friday . Pre-tax profits plummeted by over # 3 million  $ 4.9 million  to # 383,325  $ 627,000  , while net debt in the group , which includes London restaurants such as Claridges , Maze and the flagship Royal Hospital Road , soared to almost # 9.5 million  $ 15.5 million  . With spiraling debts and crippling tax bills , the star of TV shows such as "  Ramsay 's Kitchen Nightmares " and "  Hell 's Kitchen " was forced to pump huge amounts of his own money into the business , even selling his prized Ferrari to raise funds , The Guardian newspaper said . Ramsay has attributed his business problems to over-ambitious expansion plans , in addition to the closure of two of his 11 London eateries . The Michelin-starred chef opened ten restaurants between 2007 and 2008 , while The Savoy Grill was forced to close as the Savoy hotel was refurbished , and the lease at the Connaught expired . The 42-year old was also forced to review his company 's international operations , closing restaurants in Paris , Los Angeles and Prague , The Times newspaper reported . "  Ambition overtook me . We thought we could do anything , that we could n't fail , " PA quoted Ramsay as saying recently . A full review of the group 's operations was instigated in December as part of a refinancing deal with the Royal Bank of Scotland and to help the business get through the troubled economic times . "  2008 brought its own challenges , not just for our group , but for the industry as a whole and the broader economy , " Hutcheson told PA. . "  Whilst the restructuring has benefited the group , the significant contribution and commitment of all 750 staff to the business has been integral to moving us to a position of strength . " Ramsay has endured a difficult time recently . Last month he was criticized by Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd after reportedly comparing television star Tracy Grimshaw to a pig during a live cooking show in Melbourne . His trademark colorful language also came under fire last year by another Australian lawmaker . However Ramsay told the country 's Channel Nine Network , which broadcasts Kitchen Nightmares and Hell 's Kitchen , that the shows emphasize the "  pressures of working in a restaurant kitchen . "	Turnover by Gordon Ramsay Holdings drops from $ 68M to $ 57M Pre-tax profits plummet by over $ 4.9 M to $ 627,000 Over-ambitious expansion plans , restaurant closures blamed Ramsay currently owns nine restaurants in London
CNN  Has Russian President Vladimir Putin gone completely mad ? This question is actually being debated in serious circles . In a telephone conversation with President Obama a few months ago , German Chancellor Angela Merkel is reported to have suggested her Russian counterpart is "  living in another world . " The Ukraine crisis : Everything you need to know Just last week , a leaked report commissioned by the U.S. Defense Department in 2008 concluded that the Russian leader may have Asperger 's Syndrome , a type of high-functioning autism . The report said it may account for his apparently high degree of control . A Pentagon spokesman said there was no guidance from the Department of Defense on the report and experts told CNN they were skeptical of the reliability of the Asperger 's claim . For the record , the Kremlin has dismissed the allegation as utter nonsense . Putin , though , is an enigma . His unflinching support for rebel separatists in Eastern Ukraine , despite their alleged excesses , has plunged Russia 's relations with the West into their worst crisis since the end of the Cold War . Even in the face of mounting international sanctions that have isolated Russia and helped hobble its fragile economy , Western officials say weapons and manpower continue to flow across the border , although the Kremlin insists it is supplying neither . Clearly , Putin is determined to get his way in Ukraine . We already know , essentially , what this means in terms of a peace deal -- a truce was signed last September , although it did n't hold . The Minsk Protocol agreed that , among other things , autonomy would be granted to Ukraine 's southeastern regions . The Russian language would be given official status . A buffer zone would be established along the front lines and heavy weapons would be pulled back from civilian areas . But Putin may actually want much more . On an official visit to Egypt this week , the Russian president dropped a large hint -- and not for the first time . In an interview with the Al-Ahram newspaper he rejected Russian responsibility for the crisis in Ukraine . "  It emerged in response to the attempts of the U.S.A. and its Western allies , who considered themselves winners of the Cold War , to impose their will everywhere , " Putin told the newspaper . "  Promises of non-expansion of the NATO to the east have turned out to be hollow statements , " he said . A solution to the Ukraine crisis , then , may involve ruling the country out of any future NATO membership , however unpalatable that may be to some in the West . Russian diplomats call it guaranteeing Ukraine 's "  neutral status " -- which sounds much better than "  capitulation . " The bigger problem , though , is that this may not end with Ukraine . For Putin , this crisis is only the latest in a catalog of grievances , which includes the West trampling over Russia 's interests from Kosovo to Iraq , to Libya and Syria . Putin 's ultimate goal may be to tear up the post-Soviet assumptions about what Russia will tolerate , and permanently change Russia 's relationship with the West . Obama says Putin has failed to modernize Russia	A solution to the Ukraine crisis may involve ruling the country out of any future NATO membership , writes Matthew Chance For Putin , this crisis is only the latest in a catalog of grievances , says Chance Putin 's ultimate goal may be to tear up the post-Soviet assumptions about what Russia will tolerate , he says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The two teen girls were close friends , each looking forward to a summer trip to California to improve their English . Ye Mengyuan excelled at the piano , just as she did in her academics . Wang Linjia enjoyed calligraphy and , according to local media , her work at the school 's TV and radio stations . Classmates since junior high , the girls often ate lunch together at school , and few were surprised that they chose to sit together on the 10-hour flight that led to their deaths Saturday . Asiana Airlines Flight 214 had started in Shanghai , China , where the two girls boarded . Then , with a stop in Seoul , South Korea , the flight headed for San Francisco . The Boeing 777 was seconds from landing Saturday when its rear end struck the edge of the runway at San Francisco International Airport , sending it spinning and erupting in flames . When medics arrived , they found the bodies of the two girls on the runway , next to the burning wreckage . Tragic still , one of them may have been struck by a first responder 's vehicle , authorities said . "  Our examination will determine whether  the death  was from the airplane crash or secondary incident , " San Mateo County Coroner Robert Foucrault said . Remarkably , 305 people survived the crash . Ye and Wang were the only two who did n't . ` Oh , Lord have mercy ' : Witness captures fatal jet crash Headed to camp The pair , along with 28 classmates and four teachers , were headed to a summer church camp held by the West Valley Christian School near Los Angeles . The camp is aimed at helping foreign students improve their English skills . Study tours are increasingly popular for Chinese families that can afford them . Another group of students and teachers from Taiyuan in Shanxi province were also on the flight . The tours usually last around two to three weeks and cost about $ 5,000 , with the East and West Coasts of the United States the most popular destinations . West Valley Christian School said on its website that the girls and their group had been due to arrive Tuesday and stay for three weeks . Instead , some members of the group are still hospitalized in San Francisco , waiting for their families , said Derek Swales , administrator for the school . Once they recover , they will be returning to China for the summer instead of coming to camp , he said . Students from the group were carrying bags and blankets labeled "  Salvation Army " when they arrived at a San Francisco hotel on Monday . They met with China 's counsel general , standing solemnly in a circle as he spoke . An adult with them said they were having a difficult time . "  They spent the morning crying , " the adult said . The girls would have studied language , arts and culture during their stay at the camp . Ye was also looking forward to visiting college campuses , Chinese media said . A picture in Hong Kong 's Apple Daily newspaper showed two grinning , bespectacled girls wearing red-and-yellow tracksuits and making a heart shape with their arms . Chinese netizens mourn Asiana crash victims A school in mourning Back home in Jiangshan in eastern China , students mourned the death of two of their own . At a vigil , they placed candles in the shape of a heart , hugged each other and wept . "  We hope we can send the two who died our wishes and hope that they will be in heaven , in peace , " said Chai Peng Lei , 18 . Wang was known as a natural leader in the classroom at Jiangshan High School , friends and teachers say . She studied hard and wanted to be a journalist . Her teacher told the Beijing Morning Post that Wang was hard-working and inquisitive . "  She was attentive and responsible and communicated with other students when there were problems , " the teacher said . "  That 's why she was elected class leader three years in a row . " Her classmate , Lu Hao , told the newspaper Wang was always smiling . "  She was tall and skinny and very nice to others , " Lu said . A keen painter and calligrapher , Wang produced artwork that was said to hang on the wall of her father 's office . Ye 's mother told the paper her daughter had won the school 's annual speech contest . Her music teacher said she possessed a special skill at singing and playing the piano . Word of the girls ' deaths devastated other parents in the community , many of whom had sent their own children on the same summer trip . For years , the elite school has been sending students to the United States for the summer , so when the news came , father Mao Xiao Qiang said he thought it was a joke . "  The second feeling was surprise , and then I was terrified . I immediately called my boy , and luckily , I found he was OK , " he said . "  As a father , I feel very sad . I saw those girls when we were saying goodbye . " Grieving parents arrive in U.S. Ye 's and Wang 's parents left for San Francisco on Monday bring the bodies of their beloved girls home , the school 's principal said . During a layover in Seoul , Asiana Airlines President and CEO Yoon Young-doo met the parents at the airport and apologized . The families later arrived in San Francisco on Monday night , China Daily reported . CNN 's David McKenzie in Jiangshan , Steven Jiang in Beijing , Dan Simon and Linda Hall in San Francisco , Stephanie Elam in Los Angeles and Jackie Castillo in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Parents of the two girls killed arrive in San Francisco NEW : Asiana Airlines ' CEO apologized to the parents during their layover in Seoul Ye Mengyuan and Wang Linjia , both 16 , both died after the crash One of the girls killed may have been hit by emergency vehicle
Diyarbakir , Turkey  CNN  -- At a campaign rally in the predominantly Kurdish city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan tried Wednesday to draw parallels between the oppression and persecution Turkey 's largest ethnic minority has faced and the pressure he himself faced under Turkey 's former secularist leaders . "  We went through the same suffering as you , " Erdogan told a crowd of thousands of people who gathered amid rain and tight security in they city 's main square . "  Your brother  Erdogan  was jailed for only reciting a poem . ... I know what the status quo made my Kurdish brothers live through . I come from within this struggle . I know policies of dismissal , I know denial . " Erdogan referred to the six months he spent in jail in the late 1990s when he was the mayor of Istanbul . Turkish authorities imprisoned him after he recited a poem that was ruled to have Islamist connotations . In his speech on Wednesday , Erdogan emphasized "  brotherhood " with the Kurdish people . For nearly 30 years , southeastern Turkey has been the primary battleground for a guerilla war between Kurdish separatists and the Turkish state that has claimed more than 30,000 mostly Kurdish lives . "  For decades we lived in poverty together . For decades , we lived the pressure , oppression , the fascist oppression of the status quo together . What was banned for you , was also banned for us , " Erdogan said . Security was tight ahead of Erdogan 's speech . The Diyarbakir governor 's office issued a written statement announcing security forces confiscated dozens of gasoline bombs as well as ingredients for Molotov cocktails during operations launched before the rally . It said it had had information of "  possible attacks on the security forces , political party election bureaus and party offices with Molotov cocktails , flared , and handmade bombs . " Tensions were raised by clashes that erupted Tuesday during an Erdogan rally in the Black Sea town of Hopa . Diyarbakir has long been a hotbed of support for the Kurdish opposition activists , and intermittent clashes were reported there Wednesday , including one case in which the driver of a large van was pulled onto street after exchanging words with pedestrians . People were subjected to thorough checks before going into the rally , although once inside the mood was jovial , with people praising Erdogan and some women writing notes and giving them to his bodyguards in the hope that they might be passed on to the prime minister . But not far from the rally , in the Kurdish neighborhood of Baglar , almost all of the shops were closed in silent protest against Erdogan . Men on the streets sang political songs and waved flags in support of the Peace and Democracy Party , the main Kurdish political party . Later in the evening Molotov cocktails and other homemade explosives were thrown at police gathered to contain the protests . Fires were quickly put out by heavily armored police trucks and minutes then passed before the next device was thrown . No one was reported hurt in the incidents . In the clashes Tuesday in Hopa , a demonstrator died of a heart attack and one of Erdogan 's bodyguards was hospitalized with head wounds after demonstrators hurled stones that struck him as he was riding Erdogan 's campaign bus away from Hopa . The demonstrators in Hopa were for the most part members of leftist and secularist groups . Parliamentary elections are to be held in Turkey on June 12 . Erdogan 's Justice and Development Party is widely expected to once again win a majority of seats in parliament . It first swept to power in 2002 . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	Prime Minister Erdogan says he "  went through the same suffering " as Kurds He says both have been victims of "  the fascist oppression of the status quo " Kurdish separatists have been battling the Turkish state for nearly 30 years Security was high ; the governors office said it had information of possible attacks
BABAHOYO , Ecuador  CNN  -- At least 10 people have died and thousands have been left homeless after torrential rains inundated large parts of Ecuador , officials said Thursday . Authorities said the rains , which began a week ago , were the worst in a quarter century . Civil defense officials said more than 10,000 families have been affected . Los Ríos -- north of Guayaquil -- was the hardest hit of nine provinces affected , civil defense officials said . In Los Ríos province , five people died when an ambulance drove into a hole at the side of a street at dawn Thursday . A newborn boy , his parents , a doctor and a driver were killed . Streets also were flooded in the capital of Quito . Watch the scenes of devastation in Ecuador " On Wednesday , President Rafael Correa declared a state of emergency and ordered 2,000 members of the army and the police to help rescue workers . Correa increased by $ 25 million the $ 10 million he already had allocated for the emergency efforts . He also directed another $ 88 million to municipalities . Once the crisis has eased , an emergency fund will give seed and fertilizer to help farmers whose fields were washed away , Ecuador 's government said . There also have been reports of livestock drowning . Cristina Medina , a spokeswoman for the Ecuadorean Red Cross , said provinces most heavily affected were along the Pacific coast , where drinking water was often in short supply . In some towns , high waters forced entire neighborhoods to evacuate , Medina said . E-mail to a friend	At least 10 people have died in torrential rains in Ecuador , officials say Authorities say the rains are the worst in a quarter century Civil defense officials say more than 10,000 families have been affected Ecuador 's president declares state of emergency , orders army , police to help
CNN  -- Even terrorists have fears . And the prospect of gender equality appears to rank high on their list of worst nightmares . The logic , for them , is simple . Empowered women would never accept the brutal ideology espoused by terrorist leaders as the rule of their land . Educated women and girls would fundamentally challenge the power structure of organizations like ISIS . Therefore , if you carry out the argument , they must be suppressed and enslaved . "  There is no doubt that targeting of women is the core element -- not a byproduct -- of the ideologies espoused by these groups , " Sanam Naraghi-Anderlini , co-founder of the International Civil Society Action Network , told us . So , any successful strategy against these groups must put women 's rights at the front and center of policy planning . This will require more than words or a few million dollars allocated to girls ' schools . It will demand a fundamental shake-up of America 's foreign policy paradigm , on everything from aid to alliances . It will demand engaging women on the ground -- the women who are currently battling the nefarious organizations that are stripping them of their humanity . Does any group or state that refuses to commit to working toward gender equality merit our money , weapons or political capital ? Any entity that refuses to treat at least half of its population as equal to the other can not be expected to protect minorities and promote tolerance . In other words , the perpetuation of female oppression works against U.S. interests and therefore should be a disqualification for U.S. investment . After all , part of the reason America ostensibly invests and offers aid is to help nations to move closer to more inclusive and tolerant governance . The merits of building a foreign policy around the protection and empowerment of women and girls should be obvious from our own experience : Progress on gender equality has been central to our own accession to true democracy  though we still have a long way to go on the gender parity front  . It will similarly be key in any efforts to salvage areas that have become cesspools for extremist ideology . It is not a coincidence , after all , that some of the countries where women 's rights fare the worst also produce many jihadists for al Qaeda and the Islamic State . And in many of those countries , women 's rights are n't just stagnating , they 're backsliding . "  Although the battle over traditional gender roles is not new , the rise of religious extremism is ... halting and sometimes reversing the recent progress made on women 's rights and pushing women out of the public sphere , " according to an ICAN policy brief from spring 2014 , which cites Tunisia , Algeria , Libya , Yemen and Egypt as prime examples of the trend . The World Economic Forum 's 2014 Global Gender Gap Report backs up that assertion . The index ranks countries by performance in reducing the disparity in treatment and access between women and men . Consistently , some of the worst ranked countries on the economic empowerment index -- and on the overall index --  Tunisia , Egypt , Turkey , Lebanon , Afghanistan , Algeria , Saudi Arabia , Yemen , Iran , Jordan , Somalia , Pakistan and Syria  are also countries where extremism is on the rise and has in some cases already taken over the reins of power . "  In parts of Syria , Iraq , and the Sinai , extremist groups have a greater impact on conditions on ground , and freedoms that people do or do n't enjoy , than the government does , " says Vanessa Tucker , vice president for analysis at Freedom House . The question remains : Why do these groups target women ? It all comes down to asserting control . Often times , extremist groups are catering to disillusioned young men who , because of their unstable life circumstances , have been unable to marry , secure a job , provide for a family and thus assert their masculinity in traditional ways . Hence , "  the control over and subservience of women is part of the messaging and ideology that seems to resonate well " when recruiting men , Naraghi-Anderlini says . One of the first steps to domination is the control of information . Just as the Nazis were obsessed with burning books and exterminating any free-thinking group whose mere existence might be incompatible with its one-party fanaticism , Islamist extremists are committed to shutting down any institution that allows for women 's education . In Afghanistan , schoolgirls as young as 7 or 8 years of age have been threatened and shot by the Taliban for going to school . In Nigeria , hundreds of women were abducted from their schools earlier this year . Perhaps the most famous example is Nobel Prize winner Malala Yousafzai , the Pakistani girl who was the subject of an elaborate assassination plot as the Taliban chose to make an example of her to instill fear into other activists for girls ' education . Despite being shot in the head when her school bus was ambushed in 2012 , she survived . More recently , in the Yazidi and Kurdish parts of Iraq that fell to Islamic State fighters , young women have been enslaved , and many now live the most tortured lives imaginable . On a recent BBC World Service segment , we heard about a phone call that a Kurdish fighter received recently from an enslaved Yazidi woman . "  If you know where we are please bomb us , " said the crying woman , who was living in a brothel . "  There is no life after this . I 'm going to kill myself anyway -- others have killed themselves this morning . I 've been raped 30 times and it 's not even lunchtime . I ca n't go to the toilet . Please bomb us . " The money that funded the rise of ISIS and other terrorist organizations came from countries that we now claim are allies , but which embrace religious ideologies that are similar in theory , if not always as openly brutal in practice  or at least on YouTube videos  as ISIS . Wahhabi and Salafi ideologies on the Sunni side , and the Iranian Ayatollahs ' own brand of systematic suppression of female liberties , all prevail in the states that gave birth to extremist groups . It is hardly encouraging , in this context , to hear President Erdogan of Turkey recently proclaim that women would never be equal to men -- this , right as the United Nations was gearing up for a 16-day campaign to bring awareness to violence against women worldwide  the United Nations estimates that a full third of women across the globe experienced acts of violence directed at their gender  . By aiding states that were actively supporting groups that merged with ISIS , the United States seems to have favored the short-term alignment of interests over the long-term alignment of principles . Making progress on women 's rights should be a criterion for our aid and protection . The linkage between aid and progress is not new . World Bank loans , for example , are already contingent on commitments to economic reform . And the Millennium Challenge Corporation , an independent U.S. foreign aid agency which is central in its role of setting policy , doles out aid based on various policy indicators , including civil liberties , child health and even girls ' primary education completion . But a stronger emphasis on progress towards gender equality would help clarify the importance this issue holds for the United States , and perhaps inspire other global institutions to make gender equality a priority . At this critical time , it is vital that we react with clarity to the rise in brutality towards half of humanity . We must realize that only a policy that puts our money where our mouth is on the question of gender equality will effectively promote tolerance and stability . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Authors : Terrorists in many nations oppose gender equality They argue the U.S. should orient its foreign policy to favor pro-equality regimes Nations that wo n't commit to that goal do n't deserve American money or weapons , they say
CNN  -- A Chinese high court has agreed to hear an appeal from convicted former Communist party senior Bo Xilai , according to a statement released by Jinan Intermediate People 's Court . Bo Xilai was sentenced to life in prison for bribe-taking , as well as 15 years for embezzlement and seven years for abuse of power after he was convicted in September . China 's Bo Xilai : From rising star to scandal He filed his appeal before an October 8 deadline . The court reviewed it and accepted , the Shandong Province Supreme People 's Court said . During the politically sensitive trial , which took place over several days in August , Bo , 64 , denied the charges and strongly challenged the prosecution 's case against him , according to accounts published by the Jinan Intermediate People 's Court . The closely watched trial was considered to be much more transparent than most cases in China . Timeline : Bo Xilai 's fall from grace But international and independent journalists were n't allowed inside the courtroom , and doubts were raised about the fullness of the court 's version of events . The trial brought to light a wealth of eye-opening details about the apparently lavish and emotionally fraught life of his family and inner circle , giving Chinese people insights into how some of the ruling elite live . Read more : Bo Xilai anticipated prison in letter to family Bo 's glittering career , during which he drew both admirers and detractors for his populist policies , fell apart last year . The son of a revolutionary veteran , Bo rose to power as a city mayor , provincial governor , minister of commerce and member of the Politburo , the powerful policy-making body of the Communist Party . He had been tipped to ascend farther up the party hierarchy . From Gang of Four to Bo Xilai : Reporting from China 's ` show trials ' A charismatic and urbane politician , Bo was credited with a spectacular , albeit brutal , crackdown on organized crime during his time as the top party official of Chongqing , a metropolis in southwestern China . But when his deputy , Wang Lijun , walked into the U.S. Consulate in the city of Chengdu in February 2012 and told American diplomats that Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , was involved in a murder case , Bo 's career began to unravel . Wang 's move precipitated Bo 's political demise . Soon after news of the events began to emerge , Bo was removed from his party posts .	A Chinese high court agrees to hear Bo Xilai 's appeal He was found guilty on all charges and given a life sentence for corruption During the trial hearings , Bo denied the charges against him Bo lodged his appeal before a Tuesday deadline , the court says
Concepcion , Chile  CNN  -- The death toll from Saturday 's 8.8-magnitude earthquake in Chile reached 795 on Tuesday , the president 's office said . Officials say the tally likely will increase in coming days as search-and-rescue crews dig into collapsed buildings and discover more bodies . While that work continued , officials also dealt with another pressing problem : looting and lawlessness in the city of Concepcion and other areas of central and southern Chile . Authorities said they would enforce a curfew from 6 p.m. Tuesday until noon Wednesday . Speaking at a Tuesday morning news conference , President Michelle Bachelet said mayhem will not be allowed . "  We have seen images that are , frankly , intolerable , " Bachelet said . "  We want to make it clear that it wo n't be accepted . " The government will "  apply the full force of the law , " she said . The president 's comments came after another restless night in Concepcion , where looters openly ransacked stores in front of soldiers standing guard nearby and neighborhood residents have set up armed security committees . The unrest broke out as thousands of desperate residents in southern and central Chile remained without food , water , electricity , gas and other basic services in the wake of the earthquake . More than 13,000 soldiers were being dispatched to secure order , Bachelet said . A CNN crew witnessed looters being arrested Tuesday and observed that more troops seemed to be patrolling Concepcion on Tuesday than Monday . See scenes of devastation from the quake But no troops or police could be seen in nearby Talcahuano , a correspondent for CNN Chile said Tuesday afternoon . The network showed live images of people pilfering fuel from a closed gas station and other residents walking out of stores carrying large sacks of goods or placing them into car trunks and driving off . The threat of violence slowed the flow of aid , said Michael Black of the nongovernmental organization World Vision . "  The truth is it 's taken a lot longer than needed for them to deploy the forces and re-establish order , which is necessary for any NGO , " he told CNN . The Christian humanitarian group had not yet released any supplies from its warehouse in Santiago , he said . He predicted that would change on Wednesday . "  With the arrival last night of army forces , we think that 's going to improve , " Black said . A weeping Talcahuano resident told CNN Chile , CNN 's partner network in the nation , that the city had not received any help and residents felt abandoned . Bachelet vowed to address the situation . "  What worries us the most today is to provide security and tranquility to the nation , " she said . "  We ask for understanding and patience because the aid will arrive . " But some of that aid was temporarily delayed Tuesday at a military checkpoint on the Itata Route about 12 miles  20 kilometers  outside of Concepcion . Images broadcast by CNN Chile showed at least 12 tractor-trailers filled with aid stopped at the checkpoint . Dozens of other vehicles were lined up , stretching to the horizon , behind the trucks . One truck driver said he had been waiting for four hours . An unidentified army captain interviewed at the checkpoint said if it was up to him the convoy would pass , but he had to wait for approval from the National Emergency Office . "  We have n't received any aid , " Concepcion Mayor Jacqueline Van Rysselberghe said Tuesday morning . On Monday night , she had complained about the lack of security . "  We do n't want to spend one more night in the darkness and in fear , " she said on CNN Chile . "  We are no longer hungry , we are so scared . " Bachelet said all emergency measures should be in place by Tuesday . Carmen Fernandez , director of the National Emergency Office , said Tuesday afternoon that aid is starting to reach all regions . Distribution is becoming standardized , she said , and the flow of aid is starting to become constant . Rescuers in the hardest-hit areas , including Concepcion and the Maule and Bio Bio regions , continued to scramble to reach possible survivors Tuesday . At least 12 aftershocks were recorded in the past 24 hours , ranging in magnitude from 4.8 to 5.3 , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The strongest of the more than 90 aftershocks was a 6.2-magnitude quake on Sunday near the main quake 's epicenter . Although damage was significant in Santiago , the nation 's capital , electricity and water were restored to much of the city by late Monday and many residents could use their cell phones and other conveniences . About 90 percent of the city 's stores were open . In the quake 's immediate aftermath , more than 1.5 million people had been without power in and around Santiago , which is about 270 miles  432 kilometers  northeast of Concepcion . Rescuers from Santiago , recently returned from a stint in quake-ravaged Haiti , were working to free residents who were trapped in a 15-story building in Concepcion , about 70 miles  112 kilometers  from the earthquake 's epicenter . Fire commander Juan Carlos Subercaseaux confirmed Monday three people were trapped inside the collapsed building , CNN Chile reported . Rescuers said they heard banging and yelling from an apartment on Monday but had not heard anything Tuesday . Subercaseaux told reporters Tuesday afternoon that rescuers would work overnight , though he held out little hope of finding survivors . Six people were missing , seven were dead and 79 had been evacuated from the structure , with 20 apartments still unsearched , he said . Chile has received offers of international aid and will accept the help that it needs , Bachelet said . Paul Simons , U.S. ambassador to Chile , said that the international community and Chilean government have realized in the past two days "  that the magnitude of this earthquake is very , very substantial . " "  Chile is a country that 's not really used to asking for outside help , " Simons said in Santiago . "  Quite frankly , it 's been a donor country . " Simons said field hospitals are among Chile 's greatest need , given its loss of 19 hospitals , representing more than 4,000 beds . "  The doctors are fine , but they need places to operate , " Simons said . The nation 's ambassador to the United States , Jose Goni , listed Chile 's top priorities Monday afternoon . "  After a detailed assessment of the situation , " Goni said , "  the Chilean government has requested aid from the U.S. government consisting essentially of field hospitals , power generators , water-purification plants , rescue teams , medical crews , tents , satellite telephones , temporary infrastructure for people in need and dialysis autonomous systems . " The United Nations also said Monday that Chile had requested international assistance and indicated it is ready to help . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton traveled to Santiago for a brief visit Tuesday on a previously scheduled trip through Latin America . She had originally been scheduled to arrive Monday . Clinton brought with her 20 satellite phones and a technician , part of the aid the United States will provide to Chile . Chilean Foreign Minister Mariano Fernandez ticked through a list of promised international aid : from Canada , 150 portable houses ; China , $ 1 million and a field hospital ; South Korea , a planeload of medical equipment ; Cuba , a portable hospital equipped with a surgical suite and 25 doctors ; Indonesia , $ 1 million ; the European Union , $ 4 million ; Spain , rescue teams , including structural engineers and search dogs ; Japan , $ 3 million and emergency materials ; the United Nations , health aid . Other promised aid , according to Fernandez : from Argentina , three portable hospitals ; Peru , one portable hospital and 25 doctors ; France , a team of 15 structural engineers ; the Organization of American States , 20 satellite phones ; the United States , 60 satellite phones ; Switzerland , a team of engineers ; Russia , 100 portable houses and seven tons of food ; Uruguay , two water-purification plants . Saturday 's earthquake is tied for the fifth-strongest since 1900 , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Another 8.8 quake struck off the coast of Ecuador in 1906 . Stronger earthquakes occurred in Kamchatka , in northeastern Russia , in 1952  magnitude 9  ; off the west coast of northern Sumatra in 2004  magnitude 9.1  ; at Prince William Sound , Alaska , in 1964  magnitude 9.4  ; and just south of Concepcion , Chile , not far from the epicenter of Saturday 's quake , in 1960  magnitude 9.5  . Bachelet said Saturday that about 2 million people had been affected in some way , but she did not elaborate . The Chilean Red Cross reported that about 500,000 homes had considerable damage . The armed forces were available to help with security and the distribution of food , she said . CNN 's Ana Maria Luengo-Romero , Sara Sidner and Soledad O'Brien contributed to this report .	NEW : Slow deployment of troops hindered aid deployment , relief group says Aid starting to reach all of Chile 's regions , National Emergency Office says Stores ransacked in front of soldiers in Concepcion , where mayor says aid has n't come President Michelle Bachelet says all emergency measures will be in place Tuesday
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Opposition lawmakers Tuesday ridiculed President Nicolas Sarkozy for taking France back into NATO 's military command after more than 40 years , but were unable to stop the move when it came to a vote . French troops on patrol with the Afghan army as part of the NATO mission in Afghanistan . The National Assembly voted in favor of Sarkozy 's plan , 329-238 . Socialist Laurent Fabius , a former prime minister , told Prime Minister Francois Fillon : "  You tell us this would mean more independence and more influence . It would probably mean less independence and less influence . " The move did not technically require parliamentary approval , but the president 's party scheduled the debate to give opponents a chance to voice their opinions -- and to show a majority backed it . Asking the National Assembly to vote on the issue also showed how sensitive the matter is in France . France was a founding member of the NATO alliance in 1949 but it left the military structure in 1966 amid friction with the United States . "  To cooperate is to lose your independence , " French President Charles de Gaulle said at the time . For the next 43 years , even though France selectively participated in NATO military operations , de Gaulle 's principle remained the governing cornerstone of French foreign policy . If Paris took orders from NATO military commanders , it was reasoned , the nation would no longer have complete control of its destiny . Sarkozy , however , believes the opposite -- that cooperation in NATO is a guarantee of French independence . Rejoining NATO 's military command , he argued , will give France a seat at the table for decision-making . From its earliest years , the organization 's trans-Atlantic ties were strained because U.S. analysts warned that if the European allies failed to increase their contributions to the alliance , they risked losing the support of the United States , according to NATO . Meanwhile , the European nations felt the United States was trying to dominate the organization , according to NATO . De Gaulle 's 1966 decision meant no French forces could be under permanent allied command and that France would have no participation in defense planning . In 1995 , France rejoined NATO 's military committee , which advises NATO 's political authorities on military policy and strategy and provides guidance on military matters to NATO 's strategic commanders . While France was still not a part of the military command , it contributed troops and funding to NATO activities , including actions in Kosovo and Afghanistan . Half of all French troops outside the country are assigned to NATO military operations . Opponents of Sarkozy 's move -- who include some members of his party -- believe de Gaulle , not Sarkozy , had it right . They started a last-minute petition drive to stop his march back into NATO . "  With this decision , France will return as a subordinate country and will lose its ability to represent another image in the world , " said Nicolas Dupont-Aignan , a member of the French National Assembly . The president 's allies calculate Sarkozy 's move will strengthen Europe 's hand on defense issues . "  There will be more European weight in the way decisions will be made , " said Louis Giscard d'Estaing , a member of the National Assembly 's U.S. Friendship Committee . "  Therefore , the balance of power between the USA and Europe will be re-established within this French move . " CNN 's Sunaina Karkarey and Jim Bittermann contributed to this report	French National Assembly backs president 's plan to rejoin NATO President Nicolas Sarkozy 's plan is politically sensitive France was a founding member of NATO but left in 1966 President Charles de Gaulle said in 1966 membership meant losing independence
Leicester , England  CNN  -- Elliot Higgins has never been to Syria . He has no friends and family there . Nor does he have any military experience or background in weapons analysis . But when he lost his job last year , he used the extra hours to indulge an interest in current events , particularly the Arab Spring . Sitting in his living room in Leicester , England , he started a blog under the handle Brown Moses , after a Frank Zappa song . "  I literally thought : No one is going to read this . But I 'm doing it for my own entertainment . " In fact , by sifting through hundreds of battle videos posted online , Higgins has shown the Syrian army 's use of cluster bombs -- now documented by Human Rights Watch -- although Syria has denied using cluster bombs . He 's also showed a trail of Croatian weapons supplied to Syria 's rebels by Saudi Arabia with the consent of Western allies -- an investigative expose published in the New York Times . "  It 's really about finding the patterns of what 's going on , " Higgins says . "  With the cluster bombs the Syrian government still seems to have the official policy of refusing to state that they are using them . And I 've collected a vast amount of evidence of cluster bombs in Syria . There is video of cluster bombs dispersing from helicopters . That 's something that ca n't really be faked . " He tracks the weapons of the war in Syria on his laptop from a cream-colored sofa in his living room . "  When the Syrian air force started using helicopters , I was looking at that , " he recalls . "  Then I saw my first partly exploded bomb and identified that . That was really the start of weapons identification . " Higgins describes a daily routine that 's part Mr. Mom , part intelligence analyst . "  I have to take care of my 18-month-old daughter during the day . So , I 'm sort of checking my e-mails off and on , just keeping an eye on Twitter . And when my daughter 's in bed , I 'll sort of sit down and look at videos . I 've got a list of about 450 activist channels on YouTube . " Elliott shows CNN one video of a Syrian rebel fighter with a grenade launcher tucked into his shoulder . He freeze-frames and points to two tiny bolts that he says prove this is a Croatian weapon , not a South African version . "  It shows a Croatian RPG-6 grenade launcher . And one of the things I was looking for was the specific type . Because they 're an exact copy of another grenade launcher that 's virtually identical . " It 's this unerring eye for detail that has made him a bona fide member of an online community of experts that 's monitoring the war and has put him in high demand with Syria watchers . He now contributes to Foreign Policy magazine and helps to compile a cluster bomb database for Human Rights Watch . "  I think I 'm sort of a hybrid between an analyst , a researcher and an archivist , " Higgins says . "  One thing , I do n't consider myself a journalist . I find things that I want journalists to make use of themselves . " But as far removed from the war as Higgins is , the images of war can still be disturbing . He never watches these videos with his daughter in the room and he tends to play them with the sound turned down . He shows CNN video of a 4-year old being handed an AK-47 , his tiny finger on the trigger . "  Some of the videos are disturbing just because of content . It sort of amazes me the sort of footage you see . Some of it is incredible . " He shows another video where his talent for weapons spotting reveals a terrifying image . "  This is a group of children and that 's a 240mm mortar that 's not exploded and that 's the largest kind of mortar in use today . Look , they 're kicking at it . "	Elliot Higgins sifts through Syria battle videos to identify weapons Higgins has no friends , family in Syria and has no military experience He has shown use of cluster bombs and helps compile database for Human Rights Watch Syria has denied using cluster bombs during the conflict
CNN  -- The home of a Syrian musician 's family was ransacked this week , an act viewed as further intimidation by security forces angry at his views about the government . Malek Jandali , a renowned composer and pianist in Syria , told CNN Saturday that he learned from close sources that two armed security officers broke into his family 's Homs residence and looted and destroyed furniture . The house was empty because his parents had fled to the United States . Jandali , an American citizen living in Atlanta , says he believes security forces targeted his family because of his pro-opposition performances . He said he hoped his music would promote harmony , peace and understanding , but he believes a July performance in Washington prompted thugs to assault his parents . He says the Thursday night break-in was retaliation for the publication of his parents ' photos after the beating . Images posted on Facebook showed evidence of a brutal beating . Jandali thinks the forces did n't know his parents had fled their home . "  When they could n't find anybody , they looted the house , " he said . A security camera in the house recorded their movements , Jandali said . The Syrian government crackdown against protesters began in mid-March , with death tolls estimated to be high as 3,000 . The government 's stance has been widely deplored over the world . The office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said Friday that "  prominent human rights defenders , inside and outside the country " and "  families and sympathizers of the protesters " are reported to have been targeted by security forces . Malek Jandali says his parents -- Dr. Mamoun Jandali , 73 , and Linah Droubi 66 -- have been among such family members targeted . The July attack unfolded as Mamoun Jandali was carrying groceries from his car to his home in Homs . A man grabbed him from behind and asked him to help care for someone who had been injured . When the surgeon , agreed to do so , the man spoke into his cell phone and said to bring the patient . Moments later , two other men showed up unaccompanied by any patient . They handcuffed the doctor , covered his mouth and nose with duct tape , then took him upstairs . Linah was in bed at the time . The three men beat the father and pummeled the mother brutally , causing severe injuries to her face . They locked them both in their bathroom , and ransacked the house . They were bleeding and stuck in the dark during the ransacking , Mamoun held onto his cell phone during the ordeal . After the attackers left , Linah grabbed the cell phone and called relatives . They in turn called political security forces , the only ones who could unlock the handcuffs . They decided to leave Syria after they were assaulted last summer . They moved from one house to the next for a while to stay safe . With the help of the U.S. State Department , they were able to obtain visas to get to the United States . Mamoun arrived in Atlanta a few days ago . Linah arrived in Detroit a few weeks ago where she is staying with another son , Rami Jandali , a prosthodontist . She is getting medical treatment and she will eventually go to Atlanta to reunite with her husband . Mamoun Jandali told CNN the assault was "  unexpected . " "  I thank God that they did n't kill us , " he said . "  They referred to my son Malek " and said "  this is a lesson to teach you how to raise your son Malek . " Asked about life in Syria , the doctor described a country in turmoil . Citing reports of wounded demonstrators seized by security forces , Jandali said he has been asked to treat people in their homes because they are afraid to go to the hospitals . He said he "  ca n't imagine " there would be people who would force doctors to stop anesthesia and end operations and then take away the wounded . A recent Human Rights Watch report has accounts of security force hospital raids . "  People are angry because there is no human rights , " he said . "  The regime is very brutal in its behavior with the demonstrators . " He thinks the problems there can be solved if the ruling Baath Party 's power becomes limited and President Bashar al-Assad resigns . "  Personally , I think this regime will not respond to any advice , to any statement telling him to step down , " he said . "  They think they have this land as a heritage . " He said the economy is worsening and soldiers are leaving the army . He ponders the specter of more instability . "  If it does go in this way , we will have civil war or some countries from outside will come and help one group against the other , " he said . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report	The Jandali family home is in Homs The U.N. cites the targeting of families and sympathizers Malek Jandali 's parents are now in the United States
Atlanta  CNN  -- A young girl bravely stood to ask the Dalai Lama 's doctor a question , and he gave her an unusual answer . Dr. Tsewang Tamdin , a world-renowned expert in Tibetan medicine , visited Emory University in Atlanta on Monday as part of his effort to reach more American medical practitioners . He wants to develop collaborative projects between the Tibetan medicine system , which is more than 2,500 years old , and Western medicine . The little girl told Tamdin she suffered from asthma . She wanted to know if there was anything in Tibetan medicine that could help her get better . Tamdin , who spoke through a translator for the hourlong lecture , immediately switched to English . In a gentle , almost too-soft tone , he explained what might help . Inhalers doctors prescribe for asthmatics works well , he said , and told her to continue using one if she does already . The inhaler , though , treats the symptoms only . Tibetan medical practice , he explained , ultimately aims to get to the root cause of the problem . "  While others might consider the holistic practice of Tibetan medicine ` alternative medicine ' or a kind of side practice , I would like for others outside of our system to consider the Tibetan healing system full-fledged healing , " Tamdin said . "  Tibetan medical knowledge has tremendous potential to add to modern medicine . " Tibetan practice teaches that people get sick when a person 's physical , psychological and spiritual well-being are out of balance . To restore balance , Tamdin recommended diet and exercise changes for the girl . He encouraged her to get proper rest and to get exercise that encouraged deep breathing , such as skipping or cycling . He also suggested eating three or four white raisins a day . There is a property in the fruit that helps breathing , he said . But perhaps the biggest sacrifice for a child was his advice to avoid cold foods -- particularly , he said , ice cream . Another patient who came to him with asthma symptoms would get a completely different diagnosis , Tamdin said . Each patient 's disease is treated differently from the next . That 's in large part because traditional Tibetan medicine is grounded in Buddhist philosophy . In his training to become a physician , Tamdin also studied Buddhist tradition and astrology . American and Tibetan doctors have some practices in common . If Tamdin were to have a longer consultation with the girl , he said he would perform familiar diagnostic tests . He would examine her urine sample and take her pulse , but he also would ask questions that would be the more familiar terrain of a psychologist . He tries to find out if a person is angry or anxious or if someone is becoming too self-centered . "  Tibetans believe in our interconnectedness , " said Geshe Lobsang Negi , a former monk who is now director of the Emory-Tibet partnership . "  When we lose that perspective -- that we are a kind of little speck that is infinitely connected with the rest of the world -- when we see ourselves as the solid , fixed , all-important center of the universe , we call that ignorance , and that means we are vulnerable to illness . " This whole person approach to Tibetan medicine is being analyzed by a number of research studies in the United States . An NIH-funded study is examining the impact that compassion meditation can have on alleviating depression . Compassion meditation is a Tibetan Buddhist mind training that asks a person to examine why they feel a certain way about someone and then to develop feelings of love and empathy for a number of people that will grow with more practice to include even people they normally dislike . Studies have shown the medical effectiveness of meditation overall . A 2003 study of mindfulness-based meditation showed enhanced antibody production after someone receives a flu vaccine . Another study from that same year found cancer patients who were trained in mindfulness-based stress reduction showed a boost in their immune system . And a study this year from Carnegie Mellon University showed mindfulness-based meditation has a far-reaching influence on both psychological and physical health . Mindfulness means being present and in the moment , and observing in a nonjudgmental way . Negi 's 2008 study of compassion meditation showed a reduction in stress-induced immune and behavioral responses . Several other studies under way are looking at the impact of Tibetan treatments on certain viral illnesses and on hepatitis . Tamdin believes ignorance is at the root cause of all illness . "  If you think about this , it makes sense , " Negi said . "  For instance , if you believe you are the center of the universe and someone has something you want , you may become jealous and believe you deserve what that person has . " "  You may become so jealous , " he added , "  you do n't sleep at night and you will be stressed . Medical tests have shown there is a biochemical change in your body created by a release of a stress hormone . In Tibetan medicine , it is important to recognize the role the mind can play on our own physical well-being . " Tamdin said that modern medicine treats symptoms , but said a patient will never get better if they fail to attend to psychological issues . "  If one does not gain this understanding of selflessness , they wo n't be able to overcome their ignorance , " he said . "  One way to look at it is to watch the bird and its shadow . It may fly and fly high into the sky , but it continues to leave a shadow on the surface of Earth . As long as you have ignorance within you -- even though you are enjoying good health -- there is always a shadow of sickness falling upon you . From this ignorance arises three mental poisons : attachment , hatred and delusion . " All those will affect energy , he said . In addition to actual medicine and dietary changes , a Tibetan doctor may also prescribe the patient practice more kindness and compassion toward others -- or that they practice more compassion meditation . Western medicine is reluctant to accept the Tibetan medical idea that some unexplained illnesses may ultimately be caused by someone 's karma or even by evil spirits . The language Tibetan doctors use to suggest that good health is based on the balance of bile , phlegm and wind may seem a little too foreign to modern medicine practitioners . But the holistic approach to a patient 's health -- treatments that involve diet , behavior , prescription of medicine and contemplative practices -- may continue to appeal to physicians after they see demonstrated proof that these kind of therapies work . "  The Tibetan tradition has evolved over 2,500 years , " Negi said . "  It has a rich tradition that has helped the health of people for many many years . "  His holiness the Dalai Lama was the first to say that these things we believe in should be subjected to scientific tools so we could better understand the human condition overall and help us to better deal with the situation of our own well-being . "	Tibetan medical experts want more collaborative projects with modern medicine Tibetan doctors sometimes prescribe kindness and compassion to cure illness Tibetan compassion meditation may lower stress-induced immune responses The Dalai Lama wants more scientific testing of Tibetan traditional medicine
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- If the opening game of the 2010 World Cup was anything to go by , in which South Africa played out a compelling 1-1 draw with their Group A opponents Mexico , the power of soccer has managed to pull off an early victory . Football -- known locally as Diski -- has traditionally been a "  black " sport in this region , so it was remarkable that of the 84,490 people that attended the match played on the outskirts of Soweto , so many were non-colored and , more specifically , white . Prior to kick-off , organizers had been vocal about their primary goal ; to leave a legacy of greater unity between a people that had been divided for so much of their shared history . Historical paranoia and mistrust between racial groups had been rekindled in the republic as recently as April , when white supremacist leader Eugene Terreblanche was murdered in his farmhouse home . Mo Allie , a freelance football expert who writes for The Sowetan newspaper , told CNN : "  After the Terreblanche murder , people were predicting a civil war and bloodshed -- but that just has n't materialized . "  People have put aside their differences , people on the streets are just smiling a lot more and the economic problems and racial divisions have been forgotten . " Ferial Haffajee , editor of City Press newspaper in South Africa , agreed with Allie 's analysis : "  I think over the past month we 've seen a crossing of racial boundaries that people did not think was possible after the murder of Terreblanche put us on the edge of a race war . People have really shown the enormous human capacity of reaching out to find what is common . " Though the organizers seemingly have reason to be pleased with the early progress made towards their goals , Haffajee told CNN the credit should not fall at the feet of world football 's governing body FIFA or the South African government . "  I would n't attribute this to the organizers at all . What surprises me is this really does seem to have come from the ground . Forced attempts to make us reconcile -- where we 're told to hold hands , to cross racial boundaries -- never work . But people have taken this World Cup into their own hands and made it their own . " Such views held by those in the domestic media certainly seemed to hold weight with the views of fans that spoke to CNN as they left the Soccer City Stadium after the game . Kate Oakley  white  , 24 , who works as a buyer in Johannesburg said : "  The World Cup has united South Africa because normally we think that white people do n't come to see soccer -- but today it was everyone together . "  Rugby is normally white and soccer black , but a couple of weeks a go an Afrikaans rugby team from Pretoria played at the -LSB- Orlando -RSB- Pirates Stadium -LSB- in Soweto -RSB- -- and they had their vuvuzelas ! It has been amazing some of the things that have happened . " Rob Matthews , a 59-year-old white office worker added : "  This was my first football game in South Africa . We came by train , which is traditionally transport for the black community but it was superb , we had an absolute ball and I would come again definitely . "  I think the community will mingle after the World Cup a bit more after this . I think that is far more important than economic benefit . A debt can be paid off but a community spirit is priceless . " Forty-one-year-old attorney , Chandesh Britlaw  Indian  added : "  Nights like tonight help to bring us together , from a people aspect the World Cup has been a big plus . I 'm an Indian , but I 'm a South African first . " Nboniseni Mathivha  black  , a 35-year-old senior manager at Gauteng department of finance was already a regular spectator at domestic league games prior to the World Cup . He too welcomed a soccer crowd that better reflected South Africa 's diverse population . "  The crowd -LSB- for the first game -RSB- had far more whites and Indians , it was very multiracial unlike the normal crowd which is mostly black . Most non-black football fans in South Africa worry about the security . " For Mathivha , the key to maintaining the momentum created in the build up to the World Cup is for football , as a sport , to be more proactive in its promotion ; an action that could have benefits for the society more widely . "  We have to sell soccer in all communities , we need the white fans to go back and promote football in the white schools so that we can have more white players coming through to play . "  We have to progress -- I saw apartheid -- but my generation will fade away the new generations will come the stadiums together in the future , " he told CNN . Ever since the "  Rainbow Nation " was announced as the hosts of FIFA 's showpiece in 2004 , skeptics argued that areas in desperate need of investment and their resources were forsaken for the tournament . New stadiums were built at vast expense for a nation where over 40 percent of the population lives on two dollars a day . For many the key to creating a legacy will be how the good start to the World Cup is built on . "  I think it 's unrealistic to expect more than a feel-good factor . Once the World Cup is done and when the "  white-elephant " stadiums are left I do n't think you can expect sport to unite the people on a permanent basis , " Allie told CNN . "  You 're still going to have people dissatisfied about living in poor conditions , the massive disparity between bosses and workers , and racial divides . " Haffajee added : "  Our national statistics show that black ownership of key levers of the economy and presence in management layers still has a long way to go . The income gap has still two generations to work on becoming closer . " -LSB- However -RSB- the value of events that can bring the nation together , it is hard to put a price on that . It 's the first time we 've felt this kind of nationhood since 1994 . "  But I would caution against building miracle moments because -- when you look at how feudal some parts of South Africa still is , when there is another murder of a farmer , or a farmer kills his workers -- it is easy for this to turn to a failure . "  Better to look at the small things , where people are reaching out to be friends , to fall in love and to marry -- this is the key progress . The hard work starts in July when the tournament packs up . "	The FIFA World Cup is bridging traditional racial divides in South Africa Many South African whites are attending football matches -- traditionally a "  black " sport Racial unity allays fears recent killing of Eugene Terreblanche would rekindle clashes
CNN  As more details about the infamous ISIS executioner "  Jihadi John " become known , certain basic questions continue to be raised . Is Islam as a faith to be blamed for Mohammed Emwazi 's voyage to ISIS , otherwise known as the Islamic State ? Or is the "  War On Terror " responsible , and is this merely "  chickens coming home to roost ? " The temptation is to come to simplistic answers . Confronted with such brazen depravity as shown in ISIS propaganda videos , many take what their propagandists say very seriously : That they are , indeed , doing what their faith tells them to do . On the other hand , few believed ISIS when it was claimed they would negotiate with the Japanese authorities to release one of their citizens captured in Syria , who was later killed . Taking ISIS at their word is probably not the most sensible course of action -- it is obviously quite wrong -- and duplicitous -- about a number of things . There have been other neo-religious movements in both Muslim and Christian history . The "  Assassins , " for example , which began in the 11th century , was a radical , heterodox movement of Muslims , which eventually died out -- in its own time , similar to ISIS today , it was decried and depicted as deviant by Muslim religious authorities as well as most Muslims . Among Christendom , many of the Nazi leadership in the 20th century espoused an ideology called "  Positive Christianity . " It obviously never attracted much of a following , and historians claim , "  Only a few radicals on the extreme wing of liberal Protestantism would recognize such a mish-mash as true Christianity . " Why , then , are we not prepared to expunge Islam from the mix when interrogating ISIS ideology ? While most churches , Protestant and Catholic , rejected the "  Positive Christianity " of Nazi Germany , there is no corresponding action from the world of Islam . The problem is , that 's not entirely possible . Unlike Christendom , Islam does not admit a hierarchical , ecclesiastical authority -- so , no "  Muslim Church " or "  Islamic Pope " exists . Having said that , nevertheless , there are systems of religious authority in Islam . They are more akin to academic peer review structures -- indeed , the concept of the modern university comes from the medieval Muslim seminary . Since the dawn of ISIS , numerous Muslim religious authorities have denounced the claim to authenticity by ISIS , on religious grounds -- none have given it that prize of legitimacy it so craves . That is , except for ISIS itself , and for some odd reason , some in the West who insist on taking ISIS at its word . Religious authorities at large , and Muslims in general , may recognize ISIS members as Muslims , albeit gravely deviant ones who ought to be treated as criminals . Just as Europeans en masse rejected the claims of Anders Breivik , the Norwegian mass killer , who claimed "  Christianity " as a motivator , without denying he considered himself to be a Christian . In both cases , it is important to understand how this ideology is internally justified , and on what basis , particularly in terms of establishing methods for immunizing vulnerable people from possible recruitment strategies . That does n't , nevertheless , entail recognizing their claims as accurate -- only that they take them seriously , and others may too . That question of "  vulnerability " has also been brought up a great deal in the last couple of weeks . There were some in the UK who argued that Jihadi John was subjected to a type of harassment by the British security services that proved to be a causal factor in his radicalization process . In one interview , the lobby group , Cage Prisoners , insisted in response to a question about responsibility for the beheadings in Syria : "  The man who cut off their heads , and if you take that back a step , the people who potentially helped in his radicalization ; in this case , the security services . " Specialists in the field of radicalization took great exception to the implication , with experts from the likes of Exeter University and Kings College London describing it as "  absurd , " and "  bizarre . " Certainly , there are questions to be raised with regards to the British security services -- including how Jihadi John , who was known to them , was allowed to leave the country , as well as how suspects are interrogated and questioned . There should n't be any sensitivity about this -- the British security services do the job that they do precisely so Britons live in a society open enough to be able to ask these questions without fear or reprisal . Nevertheless , the suggestion that the British security services somehow radicalized Jihadi John is peculiar . There are many high-profile members of ISIS in Syria and Iraq who underwent no harassment of any sort -- for example , Lotfi Arrifin , a youth leader in a Malaysian political party . There are also many who have undergone far more invasive encounters with other security establishments worldwide , at the hands of authoritarian governments in the Arab world and elsewhere -- they did not suddenly register for service in the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa . Does it make them more vulnerable to possible recruitment ? It very well could -- but that 's not a foregone conclusion . Otherwise , given the scale of autocratic oppression in recent history , we should have seen far more members of ISIS . There will be those who contend radical Islamist theology is all we need to look at in understanding radicalization -- there will be others who will place all attention on domestic issues such as the security services , or foreign policy . The reality is , however , there is no template for explaining the voyage an individual takes in becoming a member of ISIS or any other radical Islamist group . For different individuals , different factors make them vulnerable to recruitment . More often than not , a recruit will find him or herself looking for some kind of "  meaning " in this world -- and repugnant though ISIS ideology may be , it does provide a sense of certainty . What makes recruits more attuned to that kind of absolutism as opposed to going down other paths ? It may be many things that condition them before they accept radical Islamism as their "  savior . " In all cases , nevertheless , there are two things we ought to keep foremost in mind . We must understand the context of the paths these recruits go through , to avoid others doing the same -- and we must always keep in mind that regardless of the context , only one person has responsibility for their actions . Each one of them , themselves .	H.A. Hellyer : There is no template for explaining an individual 's journey to a group like ISIS Often a recruit will find themselves looking for "  meaning " and ISIS provides certainty , says Hellyer He adds : Regardless of context , each individual must take responsibility for their own actions
CNN  -- Two years ago , Carlo Ratti , the head of MIT 's Senseable City Lab , decided to find out what happened when city residents disposed of trash . His team recruited 500 volunteers in Seattle to put sensor tags on items they were throwing away , and the researchers tracked the travels of the trash . Of the 3,000 discarded items that were tracked and visualized in the research , some traveled considerable distances , with one , an ink cartridge , being shipped to the East before winding up in Baja California , a journey of nearly 4,000 miles . "  When you have all these traces of trash moving around , " said Ratti , "  you can ask yourself how can we make the system more efficient . Then we can make better decisions . And perhaps we will not throw away the plastic bottles that go every day to the dump . " Ratti , a civil engineer and architect , spoke at the TED2011 conference in Long Beach , California , in March and was interviewed by CNN . Watch Carlo Ratti 's TED Talk "  Cities are 2 % of the earth 's crust but they are 50 % of the world 's population , " and consume 75 % of the world 's energy , he said . As computer technology has advanced in past decades , cities have been transformed into digital networks that can be analyzed and activated to improve urban living , Ratti said . Ratti sees technology as a two-way street . You can use it to make sense of the physical world , digitizing what 's out there as he did with the Seattle trash project . But you can also take something that 's purely digital and make it real in the physical world . Among other projects he has worked on was the "  Digital Water Pavilion , " a building built for an expo in Zaragoza , Spain , with exterior and internal walls produced by flowing water controlled by a computerized system . When you approach the building to enter , sensors stop the water flow to create a doorway you can step through without getting wet .	Carlo Ratti heads MIT 's Senseable City Lab He used sensors to track flow of trash discarded by volunteers in Seattle He found that some items travel thousands of miles Ratti 's projects use computers to create new urban structures
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- A video of a teenage Malaysian mother beating her baby daughter has generated a storm of outrage online a year after it was filmed , prompting the Malaysian Police to announce that the woman is already serving an 18-month prison sentence for the offense . In a post on their Facebook page this week , the Malaysian Police said they had received hundreds of complaints and comments about the case after the four-minute video of the mother repeatedly striking the baby with her hand , her foot and a pillow went viral . The video fueled anger and disgust among Internet users from Malaysia to Massachusetts , where local news broadcaster WWLP-22News reported receiving "  many emails " about the footage . The mother was 18 years old when she inflicted the beating on her 10-month-old child in May 2011 , according to Arjunaidi Mohamed , the chief of police in Petaling Jaya , the suburb of Kuala Lumpur where the attack took place . A friend of the mother , who had become concerned after witnessing her beating the child previously , filmed the violence and took the video evidence to the police the same day , Arjunaidi said . As a result , the mother was convicted of child abuse and sentenced to 18 months in prison , he said , declining to disclose her name . Attempts to obtain comment from the mother or a representative for her were unsuccessful Friday . The baby was put into the care of a foster family after her mother 's arrest and is now doing "  very well , " said Fatimah Zuraidah Salleh , deputy director of the children division of the Social Welfare Department . Welfare officials check in every month with the foster family , who are unconnected to the family of the mother , Fatimah said . The initial furor this week among Internet users over the video appeared to stem from uncertainty about when the beating took place and the current status of the mother and child . Once the Malaysian Police clarified the situation , online reactions consisted of relief that the authorities had intervened and dismay that the mother had not received a harsher sentence . "  Good to hear police immediately took action and thanks for clearing the air , " a Facebook user named Prakash Raj said in a comment on the police 's page , adding that he thought the sentence was too light . "  She 's lucky that did n't happen here in the States , " said another Facebook user , Cindy Watanabe . "  Not only would her sentence be a whole lot longer , she probably would n't have made it to prison to serve her time and would never be able to hurt another child again . " A court will assess whether the mother , who is to be released in late November , will be allowed to regain custody of the child , should she wish to , Fatimah said , adding that the process is rigorous . Arjunaidi , the police chief , refuted speculation that the mother had been raped before committing the abuse . He said the woman was unmarried . He ascribed the cause of her actions to "  frustration . " It was unclear why the video had surfaced online a year after the event . The police are investigating the leak of the video , Arjunaidi said . By Friday evening , some of the Facebook posts of the video were taken down . CNN 's Alden Mahler Levine contributed to this report .	An online furor erupted over a video showing a teenage mother beating her child The Malaysian Police say the violence took place a year ago The woman is serving an 18-month prison sentence The baby is now in the care of a foster family , the authorities say
CNN  -- Barnes & Noble is still making digital products , and E-Ink readers are here to stay . File these two facts in your "  things that may surprise you " folder . The book retailer confirmed the first fact on Wednesday by introducing a completely redesigned Nook GlowLight e-reader . The new ultra-light E-Ink-based product arrived just weeks after Amazon introduced its newest Kindle Paperwhite e-reader , confirming the second fact . Purpose-built devices such as the GlowLight and Paperwhite clearly have a place in the tablet world , and while neither Barnes & Noble nor Amazon divulge its e-reader sales , it 's clear that both companies are fully committed to the category , and customers are still buying them . A new-look Nook In fact , not only are the two retailers committed , they continue to innovate . Like the Paperwhite before it , Barnes & Nobles ' new e-reader features an updated 6-inch E-Ink display with 62 % more pixels on the screen than the previous Nook Simple Touch with GlowLight ; this improves text clarity and contrast . Barnes & Noble also improved the e-reader 's LED-based light source to make light coverage more uniform over the page . While Amazon puts the light source just below the bottom edge of the screen , those on the GlowLight were clearly visibly from just above the top edge . Overall , I 'd say the GlowLight screen looks quite good ; the contrast and lighting is comparable to what you 'd find on a Paperwhite . With the exception of its shape , Barnes & Noble 's new GlowLight looks almost nothing like its predecessor . The original Simple Touch with GlowLight is black and gray , and includes a power/sleep button on the back . The updated e-reader is mostly white and off-white , and has a subtly curved soft-touch back , as well as a wraparound silicon edge . The most remarkable change , though , is its weight . The GlowLight weighs just 6.2 ounces ; that makes it more than an ounce lighter than the Paperwhite â $ " and it 's a noticeable difference . Barnes & Noble worked on the software to reduce page-turn flashes to zero within books , and cut down on ghosting . This held up during a brief demonstration , but we 'll have to wait for a review unit to see if if the e-reader 's performance remains consistent . What 's more , the company worked with Monotype to create four new fonts , including Avenir Sans and Tipperary ; they looked quite sharp onscreen . Storage space has now doubled to 4GB for the $ 119 model . Amazon 's Paperwhite also costs $ 119  as long as you accept sleep-state ads  , but comes with just 2GB . Of course , books do n't eat up a lot of space . The GlowLight can accommodate roughly 2,000 books , while the Paperwhite can hold roughly 1,100 books . Barnes & Noble is also trying to bring the retail experience to its Nook devices . Last year , the company introduced curated shopping options on its Nook tablets ; that experience has been recreated on the GlowLight in its Now on Nook section . According to Doug Carlson , Barnes & Noble 's executive vice-president of digital content and marketing , their customers already rely on the retailer 's 40,000 booksellers at its 14,000 locations for in-person buying advice . The curated recommendations on the GlowLight come from those same booksellers . "  They 've taken it as an opportunity to get more avant-garde and unique in thinking and approach , " Carlson said . Despite its reduced size and improved light and page-turn performance , the GlowLight 's battery life is still rated at eight weeks . Your mileage may vary depending on how long you use the light and how often you access Wi-Fi to buy books through the device . Barnes & Noble started selling the new GlowLight on Wednesday . The company will continue to sell the Nook Simple Touch e-reader for $ 79 . Barnes & Noble 's future Despite making some great products , Barnes & Noble has struggled to compete in the tablet space . There have been corporate shuffles . Carlson , whose background is in digital publishing  Zinio  and water  Fiji  , joined the company in September . When I asked about Barnes & Noble 's survival and commitment to digital hardware , he kept smiling , but answered firmly : "  We 're here and we 're strong . " The company is profitable in its retail and college business , Carlson said , adding that millions of users are moving to digital platforms . "  We 're definitely committed to the device business , and you 'll see us continue to innovate on all platforms over time . There will be more devices . " © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The Nook GlowLight weighs just 6.2 ounces , an ounce lighter than the PaperWhite The redesigned e-reader costs $ 119 for a 4GB version It can hold roughly 2,000 books Barnes & Noble has struggled with hardware , but says it 's committed
CNN  -- The Scottish Rugby Union has appointed Andy Robinson , formerly coach of bitter rivals England , as the new national team boss . Andy Robinson will be seeking to revive the fortunes of Scotland 's struggling rugby side . The 45-year-old won eight caps as a flanker for England , and was assistant coach in Clive Woodward 's 2003 World Cup-winning set-up before taking over for an ill-fated reign himself in 2004 , winning just nine of 22 matches . Robinson returned to top-class coaching with Celtic League team Edinburgh in 2007 , and has sufficiently impressed Scottish officials in the 20 months since then to win favor as the replacement for Frank Hadden . He had been part of Hadden 's backroom staff , and had already been chosen to coach Scotland A this summer . Hadden resigned on April 2 after Scotland again struggled in the Six Nations , finishing second from bottom with just one win from five outings . Robinson was delighted to be given the chance to return to the international stage . "  With the World Cup in New Zealand in 2011 , I believe we have a crop of players who can really challenge the world 's best , and preparation for that starts now , " he told the SRU Web site . "  I 'm looking forward to leading Scotland A into the IRB Nations Cup in Romania next week and thereafter preparing for our Autumn Tests at Murrayfield against Fiji , Australia and Argentina . " Robinson is believed to have headed off the likes of South Africa 's World Cup-winning coach Jake White and former Australia boss Eddie Jones for the job . Former Scotland captain and British and Irish Lion Gordon Bulloch was part of the interview panel that determined the appointment . "  Andy was the outstanding candidate from a quite exceptional shortlist which underlines the allure of coaching the Scotland team , " he told the SRU 's Web site . "  I know from having had the privilege of his coaching and guidance on Lions tours that he is passionate about his rugby , is a skilled communicator and has values and an ethos which are absolutely at one with developing a winning Scotland team . " Scottish Rugby chief executive Gordon McKie said he was confident Robinson would prove to be successful . "  Andy has proved himself at every level of the game and we are thrilled that he will now be leading the Scotland team as we look towards the challenges of the next three years , including the 2011 World Cup , " McKie said . "  He has been part of the Scottish Rugby family for the past two years and has brought success both to Edinburgh Rugby , with their highest ever Magners League finish in successive seasons , and has also guided the Scotland A team to notable successes . "	Andy Robinson appointed new coach of Scotland 's national rugby team Robinson replaces Frank Hadden , who resigned in April after poor results The 45-year-old has played for and coached England 's national side He rebuilt his career with Edinburgh after being sacked by England
CNN  -- A human rights activist who was active in Bahrain 's pro-democracy street protests appeared Sunday before a special military court showing signs of ill-treatment and perhaps torture , Human Rights Watch said Tuesday . Abdulhadi al-Khawaja was one of 14 defendants , most of them active with opposition political movements , who were charged with seeking to "  topple the regime forcibly in collaboration with a terrorist organization working for a foreign country , " Human Rights Watch said in a statement . The human rights group said al-Khawaja 's wife and daughter spoke with him briefly after the court session , which was the first time they had been allowed to see him since April 9 , when he was arrested and beaten . They said that they could see a number of injuries to his face , and that he told them he had suffered four fractures to his face , including one to his jaw that required four hours of surgery , the rights group said . "  It appears that Abdulhadi al-Khawaja 's jailers tortured him during the month they held him in incommunicado detention , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  Torture or ill-treatment is a serious crime , and Bahraini officials who did or authorized this treatment need to be held accountable , " Stork said . Human Rights Watch said it has documented the routine use of torture by Bahraini security officials during similar interrogations in political and security-related cases . To give time for defendants to prepare their defenses or appoint their lawyers , Bahrain 's National Safety Lower Court postponed the resumption of their trial until May 12 , the rights group said . The military prosecutor brought the case against al-Khawaja , and the case is being overseen by a military judge . Bahrain 's police and military have operated under a "  state of national safety " since March 15 . The defendants appeared before the special court with al-Khawaja ; seven others are being tried in absentia , Human Rights Watch said . Before Sunday 's court session , Bahrain 's military public prosecutor , Col. Yusif Rashid Feleyfel , formed a committee composed of public prosecutors who questioned the 14 suspects , the state-run Bahrain News Agency  BNA  said . The agency said the defendants are accused of crimes that include "  organizing and managing a terrorist group for the overthrow and the change of the country 's constitution and the royal rule , " "  the seeking and correspondence with a terrorist organization abroad working for a foreign country to conduct heinous acts against the Kingdom of Bahrain , " "  an attempt to overthrow and change the country 's constitution and royal rule by force , " funding a terrorist group , insulting the army , "  broadcasting false news and rumors " that threatened public security , "  inciting the hatred of a certain sect of people , " and organizing and participating in rallies without having obtained the proper permits . Two other detainees entered court with limps , the rights group said . "  Sources told Human Rights Watch that when the defendants asked to speak about the abuse they allegedly experienced in detention , security forces forcibly removed them from court , " it added . Maryam al-Khawaja , Abdulhadi al-Khawaja 's daughter , told Human Rights Watch on Monday that her mother , Khadija al-Mousawi , and sister , Zainab al-Khawaja , met with him for 10 minutes after the initial hearing . "  She said her father had gone on a hunger strike to protest his ill treatment and his lack of access to a lawyer , " the statement said . "  She also said that he told his wife and daughter that he had been tortured , but could not describe details because the family meetings took place in the presence of security guards . " The rights group said it had previously received "  credible reports " that al-Khawaja had been admitted to Bahrain Defense Force Hospital for treatment of injuries for six days . "  One person who claimed to have seen him said he was at that point unrecognizable as a result of apparent beatings in detention , " it said . But authorities denied on Sunday that he had been hospitalized or that any of the detainees had been tortured , Human Rights Watch said . And BNA called the reports "  fabricated , politically-motivated news . " Human Rights Watch noted that Bahrain is a party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , which prohibits torture , and that Bahrain has ratified the Convention Against Torture . The rights group called on Bahrain to suspend prosecution of civilians in special military courts , to grant them access to lawyers , relatives , and medical care , and to set up an impartial commission to look into allegations of torture . The country is ruled by the Al-Khalifa family , which has been in power since the 18th century . Many protesters are calling for the removal of the royal family , whom they blame for the country 's high unemployment and for running a corrupt government that relies on torture and other harsh measures to clamp down on dissent . Bahrain is an American ally and home to the headquarters of the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet . The Al-Khalifa royal family is Sunni Muslim , but two-thirds of the population are Shiites . In recent years , younger Shiites have staged violent protests to complain about discrimination , unemployment and corruption , and many Shiites say the country 's constitution has done little to improve their condition .	Abulhadi al-Khawaja shows possible signs of torture , Human Rights Watch says His wife and daughter said they saw him in court Sunday and that he told them of abuse Two other detainees entered court with limps , Human Rights Watch says
CNN  -- In an instance of truth being stranger than fiction , American author Herman Melville turned to a horrifying ordeal as inspiration for his 19th-century classic "  Moby-Dick . " In 1820 , the Nantucket , Massachusetts , whaling vessel Essex was rammed and sunk in the South Pacific by a sperm whale . George Pollard Jr. and his surviving crew , initially using three small boats that were aboard the Essex , resorted to cannibalism while they drifted in the open ocean for more than two months before being picked up by other vessels . The sea truly must have been Pollard 's mistress , for he took command of another whaler . The captain and Two Brothers were off Hawaii on February 11 , 1823 , when the ship hit a shallow reef . The terrified crew , clinging to small boats , was rescued the next day by a fellow whaler . Some 188 years later , maritime heritage archaeologists , working with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , found the Two Brothers shipwreck nearly 600 miles northwest of Honolulu , the agency said in a statement Friday . "  This rare archaeological discovery is the first discovery of a wrecked whaling ship from Nantucket , Mass. , the birthplace of America 's whaling industry , " the agency said . Whaling ships , part of America 's expansion into the Pacific Ocean , explored portions of the Indian Ocean and the polar regions . Expeditions from 2008 to 2010 yielded a large anchor of Two Brothers , cast-iron pots for melting whale blubber , bricks , whaling lances , harpoon tips , glass , ceramics and remains of the ship 's rigging , NOAA said . Research and accounts from crew members helped verify the find . The shipwreck lies off French Frigate Shoals in the blue waters of Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument in Hawaii . Melville completed "  Moby-Dick " in 1851 , drawing on an Essex crew member 's account of the remarkable event . The twice-cursed Pollard retired from whaling , became a watchman and lived to be almost 80 . Melville met him in Nantucket shortly after completing "  Moby-Dick . " Author Nathaniel Philbrick wrote about Two Brothers and the Essex in "  In the Heart of the Sea . " While the Essex story is linked to "  Moby-Dick , " Pollard must not have been the inspiration for its mercurial Captain Ahab . "  To the islanders he was a nobody , " Melville said of Pollard , according to the Nantucket Historical Association . "  To me , the most impressive man , tho ' wholly unassuming , even humble -- that I ever encountered . "	Archaeologists find remains of whaling ship Two Brothers Its master sailed another vessel that sank after it was hit by a large whale The crew members of the sunken Essex resorted to cannibalism Herman Melville 's "  Moby-Dick " drew on an account of the Essex
CNN  -- There were so many golden moments at the London 2012 Games , but for me , the moment that Team GB 's Mo Farah won the 10,000 meters was a wonderful collision of electricity . I was performing stand up , downstairs at the Soho Theatre in London -- I was about fifteen minutes in to the gig when I heard the whole of the cool and trendy Soho district of London explode into noise . I ran offstage to get my iPhone and I got the BBC live feed streaming just in time to see Mo Farah hugging his American training partner , Galen Rupp , who took silver . I was recounting all this live on stage to the audience . That was quite a moment of running , internet technology and ` where were you when ? ' rolled into one . The thing about Mo -- apart from his endless speed , dedication , humility and talent -- is that he came to Britain as a refugee from Somalia , one of the world 's most war-torn countries . Some people in the UK stupidly want to denigrate refugees , so you knew these people were having a bad day when Mo won . That same night , he was asked in a press conference whether he 'd have preferred to run as a Somali . Mo just laughed and said : "  Look mate , this is my country . This is where I grew up , this is where I started life . This is my country and when I put on my Great Britain vest I 'm proud . " Olympics have redefined how Britain sees itself During these Olympic Games , I have felt very proud to be British and proud of the British . What Mo said set Twitter alight . It also set everybody talking about the Britain we are in 2012 . He spoke for us all , and made the whole country proud to be British too . I think the London 2012 Games will come to be seen as a shining time for the UK . It has been a time when athletes of all races and backgrounds have come together , and people have understood what modern multicultural Britain is all about , and that it obviously is working - no matter that David Cameron says it is n't . Hosting the Olympics has also united people from all corners of the country . Instead of seeing ourselves as English , Scottish , Welsh or Northern Irish , we have felt British . Right from the moment of the opening ceremony , it has felt as if Britain suddenly had the confident voice it had been looking for since the height of the Industrial Revolution . Danny Boyle , the British director behind films like Slumdog Millionaire , had produced his idea called Isles of Wonder . Instead of recycling the usual cliches about quaint old Blighty , he gave us something between incredible spectacle and political theater . One of the central pieces of the whole event was a tribute to Britain 's National Health Service , probably our country 's proudest achievement . God knows what the rest of the world made of patients singing in hospital beds , but we knew exactly what he meant -- and they could work it out . Britain is quite a shy country  unless we 've had a drink  . We do n't like to blow our own trumpets . We do n't wear our stiff upper lips on our sleeves  which is actually quite difficult to do  . But we 've all found our own ways to be patriotic  as opposed to Nationalistic  . I had one of my nails painted with a Union Jack , as is my right as a marathon-running transvestite who supports Team GB . London 2012 has been the best British performance in an Olympics for 100 years , and the country has gone wild . 2012 Games leave London with a golden glow Before the Olympics , I ran with the Olympic flame in my old home town of Bexhill-on-Sea in the south of England , which was a tremendous honor . There I have sponsored an art project by sculptor Richard Wilson as part of the UK 's Cultural Olympiad . He balanced a large bus on the roof of a large art center building there to recreate the final moment of the original version of the film "  The Italian Job . " Why ? Well , well because it is ballsy and artistic and British and crazy . And so , above all , I hope the word goes out from our Olympics that not only do we run excellent world events , but we also balance buses on the edges of buildings like no one else ever could . Next , it 's the Paralympics . I ca n't wait to see how our atmosphere carries on . Once a small gathering of British veterans of the Second World War , this will be the moment the Paralympics comes home . I 've been lucky enough to have had a similar view of the United Kingdom as the Olympic flame did as it traveled my country , because in 2009 , I ran 43 marathons -- 1166 miles -- around the British Isles , and I saw first hand , how positive and supportive the real British people can be . Over the past few weeks you have seen that Britain -- my kind of Britain -- in action . I hope you all enjoyed it -- we did ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eddie Izzard .	Comedian Eddie Izzard says best Olympic moment was Mo Farah 's win in 10,000 m Farah came to Britain as a Somalian refugee and says he 's proud to put on GB vest Izzard : London 2012 will come to be seen as a shining time for UK Comic ran 43 marathons for charity in 2009 , says he was warmed by British spirit
CNN  -- Michigan authorities are pursuing a new lead in the case of the infamous Oakland County child killer who abducted and murdered at least four boys and girls in the 1970s . "  We would be thrilled if this is the one piece of evidence that we are looking for to give closure to the families , but we want to do our due diligence " said Michigan State Police Lt. Michael Shaw . Parts of a blue AMC Gremlin with a white stripe were unearthed at a construction site in Grand Blanc Township on Monday . The car matches the description of a vehicle seen near the scene of one of the kidnappings . New DNA work may offer break in slayings "  We received an anonymous tip of car parts recovered in the excavation of a new homes subdivision , " Shaw told CNN . "  There was that blue colored Gremlin with the white stripe down the side of it . We sent out our crime lab from Bridgeport to investigate and see what the situation was . "  Right now we are continuing to excavate the site to see if there is any more evidence we can locate , " Shaw said . The Oakland County Child Killer Task Force was also notified , Shaw added . The search for the serial killer has lasted for more than 36 years . Police agencies have pursued some 20,000 tips in the hunt for the perpetrator of the unsolved murders , which took place over a 13-month period between 1976 and 1977 . Mark Stebbins was 12 when he was abducted in Ferndale on February 15 , 1976 . His body was found nearly a year later . Jill Robinson was also 12 when she was kidnapped on December 22 , 1976 . Her body was found four days later . Kristin Mihelich was 10 when she disappeared in Berkley on January 2 , 1977 , and her body was found later that month . Timothy King was 11 when he vanished in Birmingham on March 16 , 1977 . His body was found one week later . Several other children who went missing or were killed during that time may period also may have been victims of the Oakland County child killer , according to the task force . Shaw cautioned that this new lead may turn up empty . "  We 're not sure if this has anything to do with it , " he said . "  In Michigan , this used to be farm land so it was common for farmers to bury their scrap metal . Since this is a vehicle that we have been looking for for years , we will make sure if it 's part of the crime scene or is n't , and rule it out . "  The evidence has been in the ground for some time so we may never put it back together . " Baby-killing nurse set to walk free	Four children , maybe more , were victims of a serial killer in the '70s Michigan police are looking at car parts buried on farmland The parts were discovered during construction for new homes
CNN  -- Melanie Servetas lived the American dream . She had a six-figure salary as an executive with Wells Fargo , a Jaguar and a three-bedroom house in sunny Southern California . But then , she fell in love . She met someone from Brazil on an online dating service . They chatted over the Internet and by phone for five months and decided they wanted to be together . That 's where this simple love story gets very complicated . Servetas ' partner is a woman , Claudia Amaral . If she were a man , the two could get married and Servetas could apply for her spouse to be admitted to the United States and eventually gain permanent residency . But current immigration law does not allow a U.S. citizen in a same-sex relationship to sponsor his or her spouse or partner . There are nearly 30,000 such couples in America who now find themselves in the crosshairs of two critical national debates : the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act , or DOMA , and immigration reform . One of those debates could be settled Wednesday . The Supreme Court is poised to hand down decisions on two gay marriage cases Wednesday , the last day of the court 's term . One involves the constitutionality of Proposition 8 , a California referendum that banned same-sex marriage . The other is DOMA . If Prop 8 is struck down , Servetas could marry Amaral in her home state just like she could in the District of Columbia or one of the 12 other states that allow gay marriage . But that marriage would be invisible as far as immigration law is concerned . Servetas could not sponsor her wife because of DOMA , which prohibits the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages . So Servetas , 48 , gave up her life in the United States and moved to Brazil , where she launched an information technology company . The company is struggling and Servetas misses everything about America . But she can not imagine a life without Amaral . "  Our life is surrounded by uncertainty . We live in limbo all the time , " she said , not knowing if one day her work visa in Brazil might not be extended . She goes to sleep every night worrying that tomorrow , she may be separated from the woman she loves . If the justices strike down DOMA , bi-national gay couples will gain the same immigration rights as heterosexual married couples . At the same time , Patrick Leahy , a Democratic senator from Vermont , has filed an amendment to an immigration reform bill in the Senate that would afford gay couples equality in immigration sponsorship . Steve Ralls , spokesman for Immigration Equality , an organization that has been working on this issue for two decades , said for the first time , the LGBT community is optimistic that immigration policy will become less discriminatory . "  As of today , we are stuck in a race to see who 's going to solve the problem first , " Ralls said . "  If the Senate bill is about to receive its final vote and either we do not have a court ruling or we have a bad court ruling , then  Leahy 's  amendment becomes absolutely critical for binational couples . " Gay rights plan clouds immigration reform prospects The amendment , however , does n't sit well with conservatives and even with more liberal lawmakers who believe it could potentially derail the entire immigration reform bill . The chances of Leahy 's amendment passing , say immigration activists , are slim to none . In any case , if the Supreme Court strikes down DOMA , the immigration amendment would be moot . "  I ca n't sleep thinking about all this , " Servetas said from her residence in Rio de Janeiro . A bill to recognize same-sex partners for immigration purposes was first introduced in Congress in 2000 . Since then countless couples have been separated or have had to make the same difficult decision as Servetas and leave home . In Atlanta , Nepal native Satyam Barakoti , 36 , has grown resolute in her efforts to establish a normal life , despite the dark immigration cloud that hangs over her . She and her partner , Tonja Holder , have been together five years and run a nonprofit consulting agency . They bought a house , and Barakoti is halfway through her first pregnancy .  More than 17,000 children in this country are being raised by binational couples . Holder and Barakoti have picked out names : Kabir if it 's a boy and Annapurna for a girl . But come February , Barakoti 's temporary work visa , known as an H-1B , will expire , and she could very likely have to leave America . Holder can not sponsor her for permanent residency or what 's more commonly called a green card . Barakoti 's child will be born a U.S. citizen , but under current law , children can not sponsor parents until they are 21 . "  We 're kind of waiting to see what happens in the Supreme Court . Our options are very murky , " Barakoti said . They could move to Nepal , but it will be difficult there for Holder . She 's 47 , settled in Atlanta and does n't speak Nepali . The two have discussed moving elsewhere , maybe to immigration-friendly Canada . Mercer University law professor Scott Titshaw , who practiced immigration law for 12 years , described "  love-exiled " cases as one of the few instances in which he has given this advice : Go north . "  Marriage is just so important to U.S. immigration law , " Titshaw said . Opinion : Gay rights , immigration reform on collision course Canada is the top destination for same-sex binational couples in the United States because of proximity and its immigration system . Canada uses a point system to determine who will be allowed in to live and work . Applicants are awarded points for proficiency in education , job experience and language skills . If one partner qualifies for immigration status in Canada , he or she can sponsor the other . Shehan Welihindha , 31 , of Sri Lanka and his spouse , Ryan Wilson , 29 , live in South Carolina , a state that bans same-sex marriage . They were among the first seven couples to get married in Maryland -- Wilson grew up in Baltimore -- on New Year 's Day after that state approved same-sex marriage last fall . But now , with an expiration date on Welihindha 's student visa , they 're considering Canada . Welihindha watched his brother marry an American woman and become a citizen . His younger sister married an American man and within a very short time , she received her green card . But when Welihindha 's visa expires , he will either have to find a job with a company that might sponsor him or leave . "  When we think about graduation or starting a family , it takes us back to that root conversation about immigration , " said Welihindha from his home in Columbia , South Carolina . In all , 31 countries recognize same-sex relationships for immigration purposes . Some , like Great Britain , do n't have legalized same-sex marriage but still recognize same-sex couples . That 's why Brandon Perlberg , 35 , abandoned his law career in New York and moved to London to be with his partner , Benn Storey . Even though the state of New York approved same-sex marriage in 2011 , a wedding was not going to help when Storey 's temporary work visa ran out . "  You do n't get more committed than giving up your country , " Perlberg said . "  That 's the value DOMA was supposed to be protecting . Is n't marriage all about the sanctity of commitment ? " Perlberg is angry -- not at his partner but at his country -- for having to give up everything he cherished and begin again in a foreign land . Psychology professor Nadine Nakamura is researching people like Perlberg and the emotional toll of having to live in exile for the sake of preserving a relationship . "  The whole situation of not knowing what the future holds and kind of having to wait with bated breath to see what politicians or the Supreme Court decides creates a great deal of anxiety , " said Nakamura , who teaches at the University of La Verne in southern California . "  A lot of same-sex binational couples have a hard time trying to figure out what their future looks like . " Barakoti said she has lived with that anxiety since she arrived in the United States in 2001 , constantly filing paperwork for visa applications including an employer-based green card sponsorship that was rejected . It became so all-consuming that she decided not to fret about it anymore . She and Holder are bracing for a high court decision that will not be in their favor . "  Whatever they throw at us , we 'll manage , " Holder said . They know one thing : No matter what , they will find a way to be together . But no one , they said , should have to choose between love and country . Follow Moni Basu on Twitter	The Supreme Court is poised to hand down a ruling on same-sex marriage Because of DOMA , U.S. citizens can not sponsor same-sex partners for immigration 30,000 same-sex couples are in the crosshairs of two national debates Amendment to immigration reform bill would also bring relief
CNN  -- An Ottoman-era portico in Mecca 's Grand Mosque has become the latest battleground in a conflict between those who want to preserve the city 's architectural heritage and Saudi authorities pushing for redevelopment . The 17th century portico -- one of the oldest parts of the Grand Mosque , Islam 's holiest -- is being removed by Mecca authorities as part of an expansion project to create more space for soaring numbers of pilgrims . Millions of people visit Mecca and Medina annually  two million of them during the Hajj pilgrimage alone  , a number that is only expected to grow rapidly in the coming years . However , one UK-based Saudi historian says what Saudi authorities are doing in Mecca amounts to "  cultural vandalism . " Irfan Al Alawi , executive director of the Islamic Heritage Research Foundation , which seeks to preserve historical sites in Saudi Arabia , says significant features of Mecca and Medina 's architectural history are being lost on account of the renovations . He has called on the Muslim world to voice its disapproval at the demolitions , which he likened to the torching of ancient manuscripts by Islamists in Timbuktu , Mali . Every follower must carry out the Hajj once in their lives , if physically and financially able to do so . Overcrowding at the Hajj has resulted in fatal stampedes on a number of occasions , with 1,426 pilgrims killed in 1990 and more than 350 killed in 2006 . Saudi Binladin Group 's Mohammed Jom ` a , the supervisor of the project at Mecca 's Grand Mosque , told CNN the expansion would triple the amount of space there . "  The authorities  want to offer more space to the pilgrims to avoid crowds , " he said . But Al Alawi says there 's a better way . "  I 'm not against expanding the mosques at all , but there are ways you can go about it without destroying the historical aspects of these sites , " he said . "  Rather than engaging with heritage concerns , the Saudis are simply not interested . " Clashes with Turkey Turkey says it is alarmed by the loss of the Ottoman portico and its Foreign Affairs Ministry has been in correspondence with the Saudis over the matter since 2010 . More from Inside the Middle East : Can Iraq 's geeks save the country ? "  It is very important to preserve the Kaaba porches as the legacy of the Ottoman Empire where they stand , " Turkey 's Directorate for Cultural Properties and Museums said in a statement to CNN . CNN contacted the Saudi Ministry of Islamic Affairs , local officials in Saudi Arabia , including the Mayor and Municipality of Mecca and the Saudi Embassy in London . But we were unsuccessful in getting a response to our request for comment . Al Alawi said the authorities were inclined not to value aspects of Mecca 's heritage that dated from before Saudi control over the city -- such as the portico , going back centuries to Ottoman sovereignty over the city -- because that evidence of a pre-Saudi Mecca undermined the kingdom 's important position in the Islamic world as guardians of the city . This is not the first time Saudi authorities have clashed with Turkey over the destruction of Ottoman-era buildings in Mecca , which Turkey views as in important part of a shared Islamic heritage . In 2002 , Ankara made a heated protest about the destruction of Mecca 's Al Ajyad fortress , built on a hill overlooking the Kaaba in the late 18th century . Both the citadel and the hill it sat on were demolished to make way for the skyscraper city that today looms over the Grand Mosque , prompting Turkey 's then Minister of Culture , Istemihan Talay , to accuse the Saudis of an "  act of barbarism . " Mecca 's changing face Over the past 10 years , Mecca 's skyline has transformed . Lavish skyscrapers now tower over devotees circling the Kaaba in the Grand Mosque . Most imposing is the Royal Mecca Clock Tower , a 120-floor hotel that resembles London 's Big Ben and which , at 601 meters , is the world 's second tallest building . The U.S.-based Institute for Gulf Affairs estimates that 95 % of Mecca 's millennium-old buildings have been demolished in the past two decades . Saudi authorities say the changes are part of a push to modernize offerings to pilgrims , who have traditionally stayed in austere lodgings . The Saudi government is also pushing forward with major redevelopments at Medina 's Mosque of the Prophet -- where the Prophet is believed to be buried . More from Inside the Middle East : Palestinian women change motor racing up a gear Al Alawi claims the threat to the heritage of the mosques adds to a wider pattern of destruction of historic sites in Saudi Arabia . He says it reflects an ideological agenda stemming from the kingdom 's ultraconservative Wahhabist brand of Islam . He added that the Wahhabis place great emphasis on avoiding the sin of "  shirq " -- idolatry , or polytheism -- which they believe is encouraged by shrines , tombs or anything that could promote alternative forms of worship , or the veneration of an entity other than Allah . The Commission for Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice says it plans to close or eradicate 14 historic sites around Mecca , so that pilgrims from other countries can not engage in idolatrous rituals there , the Saudi Gazette reported last month . As a consequence of their Wahhabist beliefs , said Al Alawi , the Saudis had systematically destroyed such sites since the early days of the kingdom . Demolitions over the decades In 1925 , the year the first Saudi king , Ibn Saud , captured Medina , the Saudis demolished the mausoleums in al-Baqi cemetery attached to the Mosque of the Prophet . More from Inside the Middle East : Who will win battle for the new Tunisia ? The raids at al-Baqi -- which is believed to house the remains of number of the prophet 's wives , children and other relatives -- and at the Mualla cemetery in Mecca , caused an outcry from the international Muslim community . Some still mourn the destruction as a "  day of sorrow . " Separately , the site of the house said to belong to the prophet 's first wife , Khadijah , which Al Alawi was involved in excavating in the 1980s , today contains a toilet block for pilgrims , while the site believed to be the prophet 's birthplace was a cattle market before being turned into a library . Some Salafist groups abroad , such as Egypt 's Ansar Al Sunna Al Muhammadyeh , support the renovations around the Grand Mosque . "  We do not sanctify places or people , but we go according to what the Quran said and what the Prophet said , " the group 's secretary general , Sheikh Ahmed Yousef , told CNN . "  There is no place that is holier than the Kaaba , so if the Saudi government decided to expand then this is because they care about Islam more than the heritage . "	Saudi authorities have begun dismantling a historic Ottoman area of Mecca 's Grand Mosque A UK-based Saudi historian says the demolition is "  cultural vandalism " Saudi govt says it is expanding mosque to accommodate soaring numbers of Hajj pilgrims Historian disagrees , says demolition is fuelled by Saudi religious beliefs
CNN  -- American Chuck Blazer will leave his role as general secretary of CONCACAF , the body which governs football in North and Central America and the Caribbean , on December 31 , ending a 21-year association with the organization . Blazer , 66 , joined the body in 1990 and will leave his position to focus on other football-related projects . "  My passion for soccer is undiminished and it is time for me to explore new challenges within this wonderful sport , " Blazer said in statement on CONCACAF 's website . "  Leading this organization during the last two decades of unprecedented growth and accomplishment has been a great honor and a tremendous challenge . "  With CONCACAF 's 50th anniversary year coming to a close , the Champions League well established and the 2011 Gold Cup having exceeded all expectations , the timing will be right to devote myself to other opportunities within this wonderful sport . " Despite stepping down from his role with CONCACAF Blazer will retain his position with FIFA , the body in charge of world football . Blazer has been a member of FIFA 's executive committee since 1997 and was part of the vote last year which awarded the 2018 and 2022 World Cups to Russia and Qatar respectively . It has been a turbulent time for CONCACAF following the resignation of former chief and FIFA vice president Jack Warner in June . Warner , from Trinidad and Tobago , resigned from his post with FIFA after allegations of bribery and corruption in the run up to FIFA 's presidential ballot in June . The vote was won unopposed by Sepp Blatter , the Swiss who has been at the head of world football since 1998 . Blatter 's sole rival in the race for the FIFA presidency was Mohammed bin Hammam , the former head of football in Asia . Bin Hammam loses first round of legal battle Qatari Bin Hammam has since received a lifetime ban from FIFA following the same corruption allegations which had been made against Warner . The 62-year-old recently has an appeal against his sanction rejected by FIFA 's ethics committee .	Chuck Blazer has announced he will step down as CONCACAF general secretary Blazer has been involved with CONCACAF for 21 years The American will maintain his place on FIFA 's executive committee
CNN  -- A Montana woman pleaded not guilty to murder and other charges Friday , three months after she allegedly pushed her newlywed husband off a cliff as they hiked through a national park . Jordan Linn Graham was arraigned Friday in a U.S. District Court in Missoula , Montana , about 130 miles south of where her newlywed husband Cody Johnson fell to his death on July 7 . A federal grand jury on Thursday charged Graham with first - and second-degree murder and making false statements . On Friday , she was read those charges but waived a reading of the indictment , according to a court document . She subsequently pleaded not guilty on all three counts , was released as she had been before , and her next court appearance was set for October 15 . The entire proceeding took about four minutes . A call placed by CNN to the federal public defender 's office representing Graham was not immediately returned Friday afternoon , though her attorney has previously said the groom 's death was an accident . Johnson and Graham had been married for a little more than a week when Cody Johnson died on a hiking trail in Glacier National Park . An affidavit supporting the charges against Graham states that she told police she decided to travel with Johnson to the hiking trail the evening of July 7 and an argument ensued . "  Graham stated their argument intensified . At one point in time during their arguing , Graham turned and began to walk away . She stated Johnson grabbed her by the arm , " reads the affidavit . Graham said she then turned around and removed his hand . "  Graham stated she could have just walked away , but due to her anger , she pushed Johnson with both hands in the back and as a result , he fell face first off the cliff , " according to the affidavit . Michael Donahoe , Graham 's lawyer , said last month that Johnson pinned his wife down at one point during their argument . The final part of their fight -- ending with Johnson falling off the cliff -- was "  all in one motion , the grabbing and pushing , " according to Donahoe . Johnson 's body was found several days later . The affidavit also states that Graham texted a friend that same night her husband died , saying in the message that she was going to talk to Johnson about having "  second thoughts . " Graham texted , "  Oh well , I am about to talk to him . " Her friend responded , "  I 'll pray for you guys . " Graham then replied , "  Dead serious , if u do n't hear from me at all again tonight , something happened , " according to a court document filed in the case . The case is being handled in federal court because the death occurred inside a national park . CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	NEW : Jordan Linn Graham pleads not guilty to murder , making false statements NEW : She remains released , and her next court date is set for later this month The couple had been married for a little over a week when Cody Johnson fell to his death Police : Graham says she pushed Johnson in the back as they argued while hiking
New York  CNN  -- The three men accused of plotting to bomb the New York City subway last year planned to attack trains at Times Square and Grand Central stations , a federal law enforcement source said Monday . Najibullah Zazi and his two co-defendants wanted to inflict maximum casualties around the anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks , the source said . The trio , wearing homemade bombs , plotted to position themselves in the middle of busy subway cars in order to kill the most people , probably targeting the 1 , 2 , 3 , or 6 line trains , the source said . Since his arrest , Zazi has given authorities information about the plot . The law enforcement source said Zazi would probably have chosen September 14 for the attack , but was also considering the September 15 or 16 . Zazi 's co-defendants , Adis Medunjanin and Zarein Ahmedzay , are indicted in the plot and have pleaded not guilty . All three men went to the same high school in Flushing , Queens , New York . The plot was foiled when the FBI began following Zazi and police stopped him on a bridge into New York . Zazi said that prompted him to dump his bomb materials and return to Denver , Colorado , where he was working as a shuttle driver , authorities said . Prosecutors have said they plan one or two more arrests overseas . Zazi is scheduled for sentencing in June .	Najibullah Zazi , 2 co-defendants allegedly plotted to wear homemade bombs They wanted to be in the middle of busy subway cars , source says Source says Zazi was considering September 14 , 15 or 16 for the attack
Washington  CNN  -- Colin Powell , the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and former secretary of state , has come out in favor of eventually repealing the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy on gay and lesbian service members . "  In the almost seventeen years since the ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' legislation was passed , attitudes and circumstances have changed , " Powell said in a statement released by his office Wednesday . Powell added that he believes the ultimate decision about the policy should be made by President Obama , the nation 's commander in chief ; the military 's top brass ; and Congress . "  I fully support the new approach presented to the Senate Armed Services Committee this week by Secretary of Defense Gates and Admiral Mullen , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . I will be closely following future hearings , the views of the Service Chiefs and the implementation work being done by the Department of Defense , " Powell said . Appearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee on Tuesday , Gates and Mullen said the military is preparing for a repeal of the policy . Mullen told senators it is his "  personal belief " that "  allowing gays and lesbians to serve openly -LSB- in the military -RSB- would be the right thing to do . " "  The question before us is not whether the military prepares to make this change , but how we best prepare for it , " Gates told senators Tuesday . "  We have received our orders from the commander in chief , and we are moving out accordingly . " The ultimate decision about repealing the policy rests with Capitol Hill . Last week , during his first State of the Union address , Obama called on Congress to repeal "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " The Human Rights Campaign , a civil rights group working to achieve equality for lesbians , gays , bisexuals and transgender people , hailed Powell 's stance . "  General Powell has made clear that his position is about effectiveness in the military , " Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solomonese said . "  His powerful voice for ending ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' is a tipping point in favor of the brave men and women who are serving our nation in silence . The support of respected present and former military leaders brings us closer to repeal , signaling that we 're moving forward and will get there soon . " Solomonese asked opponents of the repeal what they know that Powell , Gates and Mullen do n't know . "  The truth is that there are no more excuses , the death knell for ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' has been rung and now is the moment to send this law into the history books where it belongs . "	Powell was George W. Bush 's secretary of state , Bill Clinton 's Joint Chiefs chairman Powell says he supports Obama administration 's approach to possibly ending the policy The Human Rights Campaign praised Powell 's stance on ending "  do n't ask , do n't tell "
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- An elite South African police squad has arrested 19 suspected Congolese rebels in a remote corner of northern South Africa , an official said , in a raid that may have headed off a coup attempt . "  The grouping 's objective was to receive specialized military related training to overthrow the current DRC government , under the leadership of President Joseph Kabila , " Makhosini Nkosi , a spokesman for the National Prosecuting Authority , said in a statement Tuesday . Read more : Why the world is ignoring Congo war The alleged coup plotters were tracked to a remote area of Limpopo province , suggesting long-term surveillance by South African law enforcement . The National Prosecuting Authority said that no South Africans have been linked to the suspects but that further arrests were possible . Congolese government officials were quick to blame M23 , a rebel group operating in the Democratic Republic of the Congo 's North Kivu province . The group embarrassed the Congolese government by briefly seizing the key eastern city of Goma late last year , before withdrawing to positions outside the city . "  We know very well that these men have links to M23 , " said Lambert Mende , a DRC government spokesman . Why eastern DR Congo is ` rape capital of the world ' "  They were planning terrorist attacks in South Africa targeting Congolese officials and in DRC . Their ultimate aim was to overthrow the regime , " said Mende , citing internal discussions with South African counterparts . But the National Prosecuting Authority said that no links have been established between the 19 men arrested Tuesday and the M23 group . M23 rebel commanders , who are engaged in sporadic peace talks with the Congolese government , were not immediately available for comment . Mende said the arrested men also had links to former Congolese strongman Mobutu Sese Seko , who ruled the country , then known as Zaire , for more than three decades . The arrested men will appear in court in Pretoria , South Africa , on Thursday accused of contravening anti-mercenary laws .	Police seized 19 suspected Congolese rebels in South Africa , an official says They are accused of plotting a coup in the Democratic Republic of the Congo A Congolese government spokesman says the suspects have links to the M23 rebel group The M23 rebels seized the city of Goma late last year
CNN  -- Investigators involved in the case of serial killing suspect Elias Abuelazam went to Louisville , Kentucky , on Monday to retrieve two of his bags , Michigan police said . Abuelazam is suspected of slashing 18 victims in Michigan , Virginia and Ohio , killing five . He was arrested at Hartsfield Jackson International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia , last week as he was attempting to board a flight to Israel . Abuelazam has agreed to be sent back to Michigan to face charges , but he remains in custody in Atlanta . Michigan authorities have some two weeks to pick him up . As of Monday afternoon , police said they do not know how , or when , Abuelazam will be transported . He traveled last week from Detroit , Michigan , to Louisville , before heading to Atlanta , police said . The airline company misplaced his luggage and the bags never made it to Atlanta , they added . Michigan authorities said they took the two bags back with them . Lt. Steven Sipes of the Michigan police declined to say what was in the luggage , but he added the bags are now part of the department 's investigation . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Elias Abuelazam remains in custody in Atlanta , Georgia Authorities are working to transfer him to Michigan He is linked to 18 stabbings in Michigan , Virginia and Ohio , police say
CNN  -- Meat grinders grinding people . Bathroom mirrors that bleed . And body parts -- everywhere . Sending you screaming will be the mission of the Goretorium when it opens this week in Las Vegas . Marketed as the only year-round horror attraction in Vegas -- the first of its kind -- the hotel-themed haunt is the work of Eli Roth , the actor-writer-director who has built a career on low-budget , blood-drenched horror films such as "  Hostel " and its sequel . Roth will be making a special appearance on opening night , performing an illusion that 's actually pretty dangerous , CEO Robert Frey said . Roth 's surprise will be only the first of the evening . Get your kicks on Route 66 The pitch is archetypal : the Goretorium is actually "  the Delmont , " a '60s - era hotel whose owners make sure the guests enter -- and never leave . There 's a haunted elevator , a go-go lounge and a chapel , which will be open for real-world weddings . A stew of horror tropes mixed with an eye for decade-crossing design , the Delmont has been planned down to its last detail , Frey said , including the costumes , sound design and even the slot machines featured in the lobby 's casino . The scares themselves are just as carefully planned . At any one time , there will be 35 to 40 actors at work , many of whom have previous experience in "  haunt environments " such as haunted houses . The floor plan is interactive and free-form , so attendees can choose their own path , whether that means a trip to the laundry room full of squeaky-clean human skin or a peek at the bathrooms , where the mirrors drip blood . But even though the Goretorium has been built with a flurry of high-tech tricks , the scariest moments are n't necessarily the most advanced , Frey said . Sometimes it 's the low-tech stuff that guests should watch out for . One thing the Goretorium is n't afraid of is going stale . There are plans to add new scares often , Frey said . Tickets are $ 35 if purchased online . There will be new things to run away from as early as Thanksgiving and Christmas ; it should take repeat customers six or seven trips to see everything , and that 's the point . "  We 'll get you when you least expect it , " Frey said . TIME : Finally , booze comes to Disney	The Goretorium is being marketed as the first year-round horror attraction in Vegas It is the brainchild of filmmaker Eli Roth , famous for "  Hostel " The Goretorium is designed as a '60s hotel , complete with guest-driven interactivity and chapel
CNN  -- A 2010 video of an airport screener patting down a 3-year-old boy in a wheelchair has become the latest Rorschach test of the public 's attitude towards the TSA , pitting agency defenders against those who say the video shows the child being treated like a terrorist . Posted on YouTube Saturday night by the child 's father , the video had nearly 100,000 hits by Monday evening . Matt Dubiel , the father of Rocco Dubiel , videotaped the incident in the spring of 2010 at Chicago 's Midway International Airport . He posted the video after rediscovering it last week , saying he became enraged anew when reviewing it . "  There is another human being putting their hands on my child . That is not acceptable , " he said . "  If he was putting his hands on my child at McDonald 's or anyplace else , we would immediately have him arrested and call the police . " The Transportation Security Administration noted the agency has changed its procedures since 2010 and said pat downs of children 12 and younger are unlikely , although still possible , under the new protocols . Under the new TSA policy that took effect in September , screeners can work with parents to resolve alarms at security checkpoints . Among other options , screeners can have the children go through metal detectors or body scanners multiple times or can swab their hands to test for traces of explosives . "  The new modified screening measures have greatly reduced , though not eliminated , pat downs of children , " TSA spokesman Greg Soule said . "  While recognizing that terrorists are willing to manipulate societal norms to evade detection , our officers continue to work with parents to ensure a respectful screening process for the entire family at the checkpoint . " Children in wheelchairs continue to present special challenges , since the metal chairs trigger alarms in metal detectors and scanners . That increases the likelihood of alternate screening methods being used , including limited pat downs , to find the small amounts of explosives experts say could bring down a plane . Dubiel said he faults the TSA , not the individual screener , who he said tried to calm his son . But "  I think the whole exercise was intrusive and disrespectful to a human being , and a 3-year-old human being , " he told CNN . The videotape shows the screener lifting the young boy 's shirt to briefly swab his back , apparently straying from normal TSA protocols . Typically , screeners would only swab a person 's hands and articles of clothing or items they are carrying . Dubiel said the screening occurred when his family was departing for a trip to Disney World . "  I tape-recorded it because I wanted to let the gentleman know that was examining my son that there was a camera on him , and anything that he was going to do , that he needed to be comfortable doing on camera . And if he was n't , he needed to stay away from it . " Dubiel said he was told he could not stand next to his son during the search . "  I was told I could n't comfort or hug my son . I could n't hug him . I could n't hold his hand , " he said . "  And I tried to make the best out of it . But as I 'm standing there as a parent doing this , I 'm thinking about , should I do something more ? Should I not ? " Dubiel said he disapproved of the pat down , but did not immediately object because he feared the consequences . "  My fear was , if I made a bigger deal out of it , then I could be detained , or we could miss our flight , or we could miss our vacation . All of these things are dancing around in my head , " he said . Dubiel said he forgot about the videotape , but stumbled upon it Saturday . "  As we watched it , I felt like I was in the moment again , " he said . "  I was overcome with the same emotion I felt -- anger and sadness and frustration . "  The more I thought about it , the more I thought , ` I 'm going to share this , ' " Dubiel said . "  I wanted to share with other parents and let them see firsthand what happened . " In hindsight , he said , he regrets that he did n't stop the pat down . "  There has n't been one instance in the United States of a 3-year-old carrying explosives onto an airplane or doing ill will to anyone , " he said . Like some other TSA controversies , this one resulted in heated commentary on the many Internet sites that featured the video . "  Totally unacceptable , " wrote one YouTube commentator . "  I look at the abject terror in this tiny child 's eyes , and I know who caused it . I know who the terrorist is -- it 's the creep in the blue shirt . " "  I do n't think a man can be called a creep ... for doing what his job requires him to do , especially since he could be easily fired for not following the rules , " another viewer responded . The TSA , meanwhile , said a new TSA Cares hotline now serves as a resource for passengers with disabilities , medical conditions or other circumstances or their loved ones who want to prepare for the screening process prior to flying . TSA recommends that passengers call approximately 72 hours ahead of travel so that TSA Cares has the opportunity to coordinate checkpoint support with a TSA Customer Service Manager located at the airport when necessary . Travelers can contact the TSA , using Talk To TSA -- a web-based tool that allows passengers to reach out to an airport customer service manager directly . They can also reach the TSA Contact Center at 1-866-289-9673 or via e-mail at TSA-ContactCenter@dhs.gov, with questions , suggestions or to file complaints .	The TSA has changed its screening procedures since 2010 A video showing the screening of a 3-year-old in a wheelchair has gone viral The family was on a trip to Disney World
CNN  Given his sailing pedigree it 's the last thing you would expect , but America 's Cup hero Sir Ben Ainslie had to send out a distress call after sailing into trouble on his honeymoon . And who better to answer a knight 's call for help than another knight of the British realm , Sir Richard Branson . A four-time Olympic sailing gold medalist , Ainslie was on honeymoon in the Caribbean with his new wife , British TV presenter Georgie Thompson , when the furling system broke on the vessel 's main sail . "  Seeing as Ben is one of the greatest sailors of all time , what we did n't except to see was his boat getting into trouble ! " Branson explained on his blog . "  However , his boat had a serious mechanical problem , in no way Ben 's fault , and he put a message out asking for help . " Ainslie was sailing close to Branson 's private Necker Island , where some of the tycoon 's staff soon sailed to the rescue helping to cut the tangled sail to pieces . "  Unsurprisingly , Ben kept an amazingly cool head whilst directing operations -- he just needed more hands to sort out the mess , " the billionaire added . It 's not the first Ainslie has extricated himself from sticky situations . The 37-year-old Briton captured a fourth consecutive gold at the 2012 London Olympics after a poor start to the competition . The following year he played a pivotal role in Oracle Team USA 's dramatic America 's Cup win . He joined the crew as the team 's tactician and helped turn an 8-1 deficit into a 9-8 triumph . Once back on dry land , the newly weds holidayed with Branson on Necker Island for a few days . The sailing star will be soon returning to his life on the ocean waves as he continues his plan to lead a British team to victory in the next edition of the America 's Cup in 2017 .	Sir Ben Ainslie is rescued by Sir Richard Branson while sailing on his honeymoon Ainslie sent out a distress call after his boat 's main sail became tangled The four-time Olympic gold sailing medalist was sailing in the Caribbean The staff on Branson 's private island helped steer Ainslie to shore
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Clashes erupted overnight at a West Bank refugee camp , authorities said Monday . Official accounts of the fighting at the Kalandia refugee camp differed . The Palestinian Authority said two Palestinians were killed when Israeli soldiers opened fire . The Israeli military said officials had received a report of two Palestinians injured during the violence , adding that officials were investigating . Hospital officials in Ramallah told CNN that two men were killed and one was injured in the clashes . Officials said the violence started during an arrest operation at the camp . Palestinian Authority spokeswoman Cairo Arafat said people at the refugee camp tried to stop soldiers from making the arrest . An Israeli military spokesman said "  massive " disorder erupted during the arrest operation . Five soldiers were injured by rocks thrown at them , the spokesman said . CNN 's Guy Azriel contributed to this report .	The Palestinian Authority and hospital officials say two people were killed The Israeli military says a report indicates two are injured An arrest at the refugee camp sparked the violence
CNN  -- Two weeks after Apple announced a new iPad Mini , shoppers looking to snap one up for the holidays -- or just for themselves -- are no closer to knowing when the tablet might hit stores . There was no word Tuesday on a release date for the updated version of Apple 's tinier tablet , four days after its larger sibling , the new iPad Air , went on sale . When the two new tablets were unveiled last month , Apple CEO Tim Cook said the new Mini , with a speedier processor and the same high-definition "  retina display " as its bigger cousins , would be released "  later in November . " Speculation -- and when is even the most minor of Apple releases not preceded with flurries of speculation ? -- has begun to center on November 22 as a likely release date . Apple tends to release new products on Fridays , giving them a full weekend to rack up sales while excitement is high . Waiting a week later than the 22nd would have the Mini released on Black Friday , when it would face an avalanche of competition as virtually everyone in the electronics field will be offering post-Thanksgiving sales . Also , Hanukkah is uncharacteristically early this year , beginning on November 27 , the same day as Thanksgiving . To take full advantage of the holiday gift-buying season , Apple would want the new tablet on shelves before then . Adding to the speculation , a product listing on Target 's website recently listed the release date for the iPad Mini as November 21 , although that date appears to have since been removed . Apple did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment for this story . Whenever the iPad Mini arrives , supplies of the device may be limited at first . Early reports said the tablet would be delayed because of a shortage of its new , high-definition display screens . More recently , it 's been reported that Apple has turned to rival Samsung for help cranking out the screens in time for a holiday rollout . Japan 's Nikkei  Google Translate version  reported that the Mini displays from the Korean tech company would n't be available until next year , though . Apple says the new Pad Mini will come in two colors : silver or space gray . Prices will range from $ 399 for a Wi-Fi-only , 16GB model to $ 829 for a 128GB model with cellular connectivity .	No release date for the second-generation iPad Mini has been announced Speculation has centered on November 22 The new Mini has a faster processor and high-definition screen Reports suggest manufacturing on the tablets has been slow
JACKSONVILLE , North Carolina  CNN  -- The remains of an adult and a fetus were found Saturday in a shallow grave in the backyard of the primary suspect in the death of a pregnant Marine , Onslow County Sheriff Ed Brown announced . Investigators search for the body of Marine Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach on Saturday . An arrest warrant has been issued for Cpl. Cesar Armando Laurean in the death of Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach . He is charged with first-degree murder , although authorities have not positively identified the body as hers . "  This is consistent with what we were looking for : A pregnant lady who is the victim Maria Lauterbach and her unborn child , " Brown said . The body was charred , and the fetus was in the victim 's abdomen , Brown said , describing the scene in gruesome detail . The fetus was developed enough that the "  little hand was about the size of my thumb . The little fingers were rolled up , " he said . "  One of the things that will probably stick with me for a long time , and forever , is that little hand , the way those fingers were turned , that had been burned off the arm . That is bizarre . That is tragic . And it 's disgusting . " Watch Brown describe the scene " The remains were taken to the Onslow County medical examiner 's office . They will next be sent to the chief medical examiner in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , for DNA testing and comparison with dental records . Lauterbach , 20 , disappeared , when she was eight months pregnant , from Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , in mid-December , not long before she was to testify at a military hearing about her rape accusation against Laurean . Laurean is believed to have left the base at 4 a.m. Friday , and a nationwide manhunt is under way . Watch authorities search for a grave " Lauterbach 's relatives believe her pregnancy was the result of the alleged rape , said Lauterbach 's uncle , Peter Steiner , a Kentucky psychiatrist . Investigators told CNN that Laurean vanished four hours before his wife , Christina , approached Brown with a note from her husband claiming that Lauterbach had committed suicide and he buried the body . "  We believe our suspect has fled the state of North Carolina ; removed himself as far from here as he can get , " Brown said Saturday . Watch Brown describe the cavity where the body was found " Brown said Friday that blood spatter evidence was found inside Laurean 's home , even on a ceiling . There was evidence of "  an attempted clean-up , " including an attempt to paint over the blood spatter , he said . "  Evidence now is saying what he 's claiming happened did not happen like he said it happened , " Brown said of Laurean . Lauterbach 's mother , Mary Lauterbach , reported the young woman as missing from Camp Lejeune on December 19 . Mary Lauterbach said she had not talked with her for five days . Watch police face unanswered questions " Laurean , 21 , of Nevada , is believed to be driving a black Dodge pickup with North Carolina license plate TRR1522 . Laurean repeatedly refused to meet with investigators , finally telling them that his attorney would n't let him . The sheriff described him as "  dangerous , " especially if cornered . Military officials said Laurean was not taken into custody after Lauterbach reported the alleged rape because there was information the two carried on "  some sort of friendly relationship " after she filed the complaint against him . "  The information ... leads us to believe that she still had some kind of contact " with him , said Paul Ciccarelli , agent in charge of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service at Camp Lejeune , this week . Because of that , Laurean was n't considered a flight risk , he said . Steiner disputed that , and said his niece had no relationship with Laurean . Ciccarelli also said the rape investigation is still active . See a timeline of the case " On Friday , authorities questioned Lauterbach 's roommate , Sgt. Daniel Durham , but said he had no apparent ties to her disappearance or death . Authorities have not released any details from that interview . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : The discovery is "  consistent with what we were looking for , " sheriff says NEW : Cpl. Cesar Armando Laurean is charged with first-degree murder Sheriff says blood found in house , even on ceiling Missing pregnant Marine had accused suspect -- a fellow Marine -- of rape
CNN  -- The Spanish title race might have taken another twist Saturday when Barcelona visited mid-table Espanyol in the Catalan derby . For more than 75 minutes , the home team blanked Lionel Messi and the rest of the Barcelona attack . But just like in El Clasico on Sunday , Messi had the last word as he struck a late penalty to give Barcelona a 1-0 victory and all three points . His goal in the 77th minute over Espanyol temporarily put Barcelona two points atop the league standings ahead of Atletico Madrid but Atletico later rallied to defeat Athletic Bilbao 2-1 to regain its one-point advantage . Messi and Neymar missed good chances in the first half , while Espanyol 's Pizzi also squandered a fine opportunity . But there were fewer chances in the second half , although Barcelona defender Gerard Pique struck the crossbar . With time running out , referee Clos Gomez ruled that Espanyol 's Javi Lopez handled in the area and Messi made no mistake from the spot . Lopez then had to play goalkeeper after Francisco Casilla 's handball outside the area stopped a Messi shot in the 83rd minute . Casilla was shown a straight red and Espanyol had already used all three of its substitutes . Iker Muniain put fourth-place Athletic ahead but Diego Costa leveled in the 22nd minute and Koke got the winner in the 55th . Aymeric Laporte saw red for hauling down Costa in the dying stages . Real Madrid , reeling from defeats to Barcelona and Sevilla , had its own derby late Saturday . It blanked Rayo Vallecano 5-0 , getting two goals from Gareth Bale , and once again moved to within three points of Atletico . Barcelona and Atletico square off in the first leg of their Champions League quarterfinal next week . Rare stumble by Bayern Under-strength Bayern Munich finally dropped points in Germany 's Bundesliga , drawing Hoffenheim 3-3 to end a 19-match league winning streak that dated back to October . Bayern wrapped up the league title in record time this week and faces Manchester United in the Champions League quarterfinals Tuesday but it appeared as if Pep Guardiola 's men were focused enough to claim three more points . It led 3-1 -- at home -- only for Sejad Salihovic to pull a goal back and Roberto Firmino to equalize in the 75th minute . To make matters worse , Spanish international midfielder Thiago Alcantara suffered a knee injury . Borussia Dortmund , which meets Real Madrid in the Champions League , maintained second place with a morale boosting 3-2 win at Stuttgart thanks to Marco Reus ' hat-trick . Stuttgart led 2-1 but Georg Niedermeier conceded a penalty and received a second yellow in the 67th minute . Reus converted and added the winner in the 82nd minute .	Lionel Messi scores from the penalty spot as Barcelona beats Espanyol 1-0 Barcelona temporarily took over top spot in Spain but Atletico Madrid regained its lead In Germany , Bayern Munich 's 19-match league winning streak comes to an end Bayern ties Hoffenheim 3-3 at home after leading 3-1 in the first half
CNN  -- A former Libyan military officer who fought against ex-leader Moammar Gadhafi 's troops last year was picked to head the country 's armed forces , a move that comes as tensions flare among rival militias . The interim National Transitional Council chose Youssef Mangoush to be chief of staff of the country 's armed forces Tuesday . Mangoush was a member of Libya 's special forces and had been retired for years . He worked as a field commander in the battles against Gadhafi 's battalions in February . He was arrested in al-Brega in April by Gadhafi forces . Born in Benghazi in 1950 , he enrolled in military school in 1970 and specialized in anti-armor weaponry . He worked in different locations in Libya and fought in Libya 's war in Chad , which ended in the 1980s . Mangoush was also a lecturer and instructor in Libya 's military school . Dirk Vandewalle , an associate professor of government and an expert on Libya at Dartmouth College , said he believes the government was looking for a top military figure who can "  straddle difficulties " and ` bridge the gap " between different groups . "  My hunch is this is a compromise more than anyone else , " he said . Four people died in clashes Tuesday in Libya 's capital between militias from Tripoli and Misrata , officials said . The clashes were over control of a building that previously housed an intelligence center under Gadhafi , said Col. Abdul Monem al-Tunsi , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry . However , former rebels in Tripoli provided different , and conflicting , accounts of what caused the fighting -- meaning the motivations behind it remain unclear . David Schenker , director of the Program on Arab Politics at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , noted reports that Mangoush has ties to Misrata . Militias have a strong presence in Misrata , where fighting raged during last year 's war between Gadhafi forces and rebels . He said Mangoush 's appointment "  suggests or confirms just how bad and how dire the critical situation is regarding the militias . " He said the government is n't making headway on disarming militias and it is covering bases geographically to win over the loyalties of militia members and inspire confidence in the central government . "  His selection is reflective of the government 's attempt to improve the situation , to encourage a process of disarmament , " he said about Mangoush . Eric Wiebelhaus-Brahm , a lecturer in international affairs and political science at Florida State University , sees the choice as "  partially an attempt to reduce fighting between militias . " He says it 's "  significant " that he has links to Misrata . "  One could read that as being a sign to appease some of the militias that are from the area , " Wiebelhaus-Brahm said . "  There is probably a calculation going on that he might be better able to bring some militias into the fold of a national army and reduce the factional fighting going on right now . " It 's not the first time rival militias have clashed since the war ended , a possible reflection of mutual distrust that could pose a challenge to the nation 's new leadership . In November , dozens of fighters clashed at a Tripoli hospital in what residents said was the biggest armed confrontation in the city since the country was declared liberated . While there were no deaths from gunshots , medical staff said three patients at the hospital died of stress-related causes linked to the fighting . In December , government officials met to discuss the infighting . Residents of many Libyan cities , especially Tripoli , are increasingly frustrated , with their streets awash with weapons and armed men who do not answer to a central command . Former fighters complained to CNN about a lack of jobs and support from the National Transitional Council . Interim government officials have said they will help freedom fighters and incorporate them into the security forces . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	Youssef Mangoush had been in the military under Moammar Gadhafi There have been deadly clashes among militias One analyst says the government wants to win over loyalties of militia members
Slovyansk , Ukraine  CNN  -- Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Tuesday ruled out holding a second international meeting in a bid to defuse the crisis in Ukraine , also saying it would be "  unusual " to hold a presidential election in the country when the army was being deployed against the population . In what could be a sign of Moscow preparing to question the legitimacy of the May 25 presidential election if it is unhappy with the process , Lavrov said , "  In the situation where they use the army against their own population , it 's quite unusual . " "  This is not Afghanistan ; this is a completely different situation , " he said , adding that constitutional reforms promised by Kiev 's new leaders would not be implemented in time for the vote . Kiev 's security forces have launched their biggest effort yet to dislodge the pro-Russian militants who have overrun the south and east of the country , reportedly seizing buildings in dozens of towns and cities . Both sides clashed at the rebel stronghold of Slovyansk on Monday . Ukraine 's security services said 30 "  heavily armed " militants had been killed in recent days as part of the "  anti-terrorist " operation in the volatile region . The rising tensions could have an impact far beyond Ukraine 's borders , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen warned on Tuesday . "  Today we are facing the gravest crisis to European security since the end of the Cold War , " he told reporters . "  But this is not just about Ukraine . This crisis has serious implications for the security and stability of the Euro-Atlantic area as a whole . " Asked about a German proposal to hold a second international meeting on Ukraine , Lavrov said the agreements reached during the first round of talks in Geneva , Switzerland , last month still had not been implemented . He also called for pro-Russian sympathizers to be involved in talks . "  We already discussed the framework of the possible actions of stabilizing Ukraine . We already discussed it . There 's no point doing it again , " he said . "  Of course , it is possible , but we will walk in circles , and we will repeat the same things , and we will say again and again that we have to stick to the decisions which were already made -- but it 's up to the Ukrainians to realize that it 's their country , that they have to live in peace between themselves . " Lavrov was speaking after a meeting of the Council of Europe in the Austrian capital of Vienna , where the Ukrainian crisis dominated talks , even though diplomatic efforts have done little to ease the situation . His words came as violence escalated , with Ukraine 's military seeking to regain control of swaths of the country that pro-Russian militia groups have seized . Kiev and many in the West believe that the separatists are backed by Moscow and fear that Russian President Vladimir Putin is fomenting trouble to increase his influence in the region . Earlier , in remarks to reporters in Vienna , British Foreign Secretary William Hague accused Russia of seeking to undermine Ukraine 's presidential elections . "  Russia seems to be intent on a course of preventing and disrupting those elections , " he said . "  That is wrong , and I think there will be a very strong message from the great majority of countries here today that the Ukrainian elections must be allowed to go ahead . " Hague said the doors to a diplomatic solution remain open . But he said that any chance of breathing new life into last month 's international pact on Ukraine agreed to in Geneva would depend on all parties implementing it , including Russia . The U.S. , Russia , Ukraine and the EU struck a deal in Geneva that included the disarming of militants , the departure of activists from occupied public buildings and a Ukrainian national dialogue on constitutional reform . As Russia and Ukraine are among the 47 member states of the Council of Europe , Lavrov and his Ukrainian counterpart , acting Foreign Minister Andriy Deshchytsia , attended the Vienna talks . Hollande warns of chaos , civil war On French TV station BFMTV earlier Tuesday , French President Francois Hollande echoed Hague 's concern that Ukraine 's election should go ahead as planned . "  The main goal we have is that the presidential election should be held in Ukraine on May 25 , " he said . "  Otherwise , there will be chaos and civil war . Vladimir Putin wishes today that this election does not take place . " U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay voiced concern about the escalating violence Tuesday and urged all sides to do more to find a peaceful solution to the crisis . "  Armed opposition groups must stop all illegal actions , including detaining people and seizing public buildings in violation of Ukraine 's laws and constitution , " she said . At the same time , Ukrainian authorities must "  demonstrate full respect for the rule of law and scrupulously protect the human rights of all , including the Russian-speaking population , " she said . Pillay also called for an end to the harassment of journalists . Unrest has simmered in Ukraine since street protests forced out pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych in February . The interim government scheduled presidential elections for this month , but pro-Russian activists in the eastern part of the country refuse to accept Kiev 's authority . Flights suspended in Donetsk With the unrest in eastern Ukraine , flights into Donetsk airport were halted for several hours Tuesday . Armed pro-Russian groups have seized a number of administrative buildings in Donetsk . The separatists in Donetsk plan to hold a referendum Sunday that will ask residents whether they want sovereignty from Ukraine , an echo of events that led to Moscow wresting Crimea from Kiev in March . Ukrainian government forces launched a military campaign last week , which focused on the rebel stronghold of Slovyansk on Monday . Military gains were evident on the main highway into the city as the security forces moved in . A CNN team on the ground saw militants bolster their defensive positions and checkpoints inside the city . One civilian car was hit in the fighting , its exterior damaged by bullet holes . At a local hospital , the CNN team saw several people injured from the heavy clashes . One woman had been shot in the head , probably caught in a crossfire , and two pro-Russian militants were also brought in . Ukraine 's Interior Ministry quoted local residents as saying the attackers had shot at residential buildings and set them on fire . Militants blamed Ukrainian forces for the civilian casualties . In a statement on its website , Ukraine 's security service , the SBU , said 30 militants died and state security forces suffered casualties , but it did not give numbers for the latter nor specify the location . A spokesman for pro-Russian militants in Slovyansk said 10 militants died and 30 were injured Monday . These numbers did not include civilians . Ukrainian authorities describe the separatists as "  terrorists . " But the rebels say they are defending Russian-speaking areas of the east against Ukrainian "  fascists " trying to root out Russian influence . Kiev says the rebellion is backed by Moscow and led in the field by Russian special forces , an accusation the Kremlin denies . In its statement , the SBU added that Russians in Crimea were also heading into east Ukraine . It did not provide further details . Moscow has accused the Kiev government of "  continuing a war against the people of their own country . " Russia and the West squared off diplomatically over the fate of Ukraine when Moscow annexed the Black Sea peninsula of Crimea after a hastily called referendum and Yanukovych 's ouster . He was pushed from office after months of protests by people upset that he had turned away from Europe in favor of Moscow . Odessa investigation Violence has also spread to the southern Black Sea port city of Odessa , where pro-Russian sympathizers smashed their way into a police station Sunday , demanding that detained comrades be released . The unrest came two days after more than 40 people were killed in a street battle and deadly blaze in the city -- and was one more example of how Ukraine 's new Western-backed leaders are struggling to maintain law and order . After the violence , acting President Oleksandr Turchynov dismissed the regional governor of Odessa , Volodymyr Nemyrovsky , and installed Ihor Palytsia in his place , Turchynov 's official website said . At a news conference Tuesday , Deputy Interior Minister Sergiy Chebotar said that anyone wearing a balaclava or mask outside would be detained and questioned as police in Odessa step up security after Friday 's riots . He also said police had detained some "  citizens from one country on the Odessa border " on Tuesday but did not give details . A week in eastern Ukraine Ukraine crisis : Small numbers , global impact CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Slovyansk and Marie-Louise Gumuchian and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Andrew Carey , Claudia Rebaza , Talia Kayali , Anna Maja Rappard , Elaine Ly and Yon Pomrenze , and journalists Lena Kasharkovain , Julia Gorodetskaya and Laura Akhoun , contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO chief : It 's "  the gravest crisis to European security " since the Cold War Ukrainian security services say 30 militants were killed in recent days Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov calls timing of presidential vote unusual Lavrov rules out second international meeting on Ukraine
CNN  -- Does your company have in place what amounts to an "  English-only " policy for employees ? Yes ? No ? How do we get Whole Foods to tell the whole truth ? At the very least , what we have at the trendy organic supermarket chain is a failure to communicate -- in any language . Bryan Baldizan and Lupe Gonzales -- two employees of a Whole Foods Market in Albuquerque , New Mexico -- say that they were suspended for speaking Spanish on the job and complaining to a manager who told them , in a staff meeting , that a company policy required them to speak English . Who would have thought ? Hispanics make up a staggering 46.7 % of New Mexico 's population , and many of those folks have roots that run deep in the Land of Enchantment . New Mexicans do not play games when it comes to preserving language and culture . They take their right to speak Spanish seriously . New Mexico 's state constitution does not declare an official language , and it protects Spanish and American Indian languages . So you ca n't have English-only policies there . But not everyone sees eye to eye . Remember that flap in October 2009 when Larry Whitten -- an innkeeper in Taos , New Mexico -- got in hot "  agua " after firing some of his employees for speaking Spanish and refusing to Anglicize their names . You know , "  Juan " to "  John , " "  Maria " to "  Mary " etc. . Whitten , a Texas transplant , claimed he was only thinking about his customer . But a lot of New Mexicans thought he was n't thinking at all . Now , Baldizan and Gonzales got in trouble . Granted , their suspension at Whole Foods only lasted a day , and it was with pay . So the individual employees did n't suffer much harm . But there are those who believe that the cultural traditions of the state of New Mexico took a slap in the face . This is n't the end of this . Not even close . How did the company respond ? Take your pick . It 's multiple choice . At first , Whole Foods spokeswoman Libba Letton told the Associated Press that the employees misunderstood the reason they were disciplined and that they were actually suspended for being "  rude and disrespectful . " In the context of employees talking to their boss , it 's pretty clear that what she really meant to say was that they were "  insubordinate . " Letton also told AP that the employees were never told they could n't speak Spanish , and that there is no policy in place at the company that prohibits people from speaking a foreign language . But the issue is not whether the company prohibits the speaking of a foreign language , but whether it requires the speaking of English . Maybe it 's just semantics , or maybe it 's more than semantics . Besides , it does n't look like Letton -- who is based in Austin -- was up to speed on what was happening on the ground in Albuquerque . Ben Friedland , executive marketing coordinator for Whole Foods Market Rocky Mountain Region , issued a statement acknowledging that the company believes that "  having a uniform form of communication is essential to a safe and efficient working environment . " Therefore , the statement said , "  our policy states that all English speaking Team Members must speak English to customers and other Team Members while on the clock . " "  Must speak , " eh ? Sounds like an English-only policy to me . It went on : "  Team Members are free to speak any language they would like during their breaks , meal periods and before and after work . " Wow . Whole Foods gives you permission to speak Spanish with family members at home before leaving for work . That 's big of them . And what if a Spanish-speaking customer wants to come in and pay too much for an organic apple ? They thought of that , too . The statement continues : "  Additionally , this policy does not apply to conversations among Team Members and customers if all parties present agree that a different language is their preferred form of communication . " Then , of course , there was the PR sprinkled with PC . "  At Whole Foods Market , we take pride in the diversity of our Team Member and customer base . We recognize with this diversity comes the challenge of different languages spoken . " See , there 's the problem right there . The fact that an employee speaks more than one language is n't a challenge to be overcome . It 's a valuable asset that provides one 's company with limitless opportunities . And , after all that effort and all those words , the folks responsible for communicating for Whole Foods still were n't sure they were communicating well enough . So Letton circled back around and tried to edit Friedland 's statement , telling USA Today in an e-mail that saying employees "  must speak English " was "  an overstatement . " The final word is that the company now says that it would review the policy . You know , the one that it supposedly did n't have 10 minutes ago . And these are the folks who want us all to speak proper English so we can get our point across ? They need to go first . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Two Whole Foods workers in New Mexico say they spoke Spanish , got suspended Ruben Navarrette : Does the company have some sort of "  English-only " policy ? He says New Mexico 's state constitution actually does not declare an official language Navarrette : Whole Foods need to be smarter about its language policy for employees
CNN  -- Authorities in Ecuador on Saturday extended a state of emergency indefinitely , an action that mobilizes the military to be in charge of securing the country instead of the police . The extension comes after President Rafael Correa was attacked by police on September 30 . The decree in the capital city of Quito was scheduled to expire Friday . Troops rescued Correa in a dramatic shootout with officers at a hospital , where Correa said he was held for more than 10 hours . Police officers have said they were angered by a new law that would take away their bonuses and reduce their compensation . Correa , who was roughed up and hit by tear gas , said the law would do no such thing and the police officers had not read it . He described the events as an attempted coup . However , a congressman from the opposition party told Colombia-based Caracol TV , a CNN affiliate , that the day 's events were provoked and planned by Correa . "  Everything was staged by the president to hide the extreme corruption and to hide the poverty , hunger and unemployment that have risen to an alarming level , " said Gilmar Gutierrez , a congressman and brother of former president Lucio Gutierrez , the man Correa claimed was behind the coup attempt . "  There was no coup , " Gutierrez said Monday . Interior Minister Gustavo Jalkh said at least four people were killed in the standoff -- two soldiers , a police officer and a university student . Nearly 200 others were injured in unrest throughout the country , authorities said .	Authorities extend the decree indefinitely It mobilizes the military to be in charge of securing the country instead of the police The extension comes after President Rafael Correa was attacked by police on September 30
CNN  -- Temperatures reached 94 degrees by noon in Seattle , Washington , on Wednesday and were expected to keep climbling as a record heat wave gripped the Pacific Northwest . Children take relief from the heat in Seattle , where temperatures reached 94 degrees Wednesday . "  One-hundred is the all-time record for Seattle for any day , for any month , for any year , " according to Cliff Mass , professor of atmospheric sciences at the University of Washington . But cranking up the air conditioning is n't an option for many in Seattle . "  We 're really not prepared for it , " Mass said . "  Most homes do n't have air conditioning and a lot of stores do n't . This is not like the East Coast or the Southwest . Temperatures generally in the summer are only in the 70s . Eighties are considered pretty warm . " Mass ' weather blog -- cliffmass.blogspot.com -- warns that heat kills more people around the world every year than storms do . With current temperatures , evenings do n't provide much relief , either . Because of unusually high humidity , temperatures have n't been dropping to the typical mid - to high-50s . Seattle had a high of 97 degrees on Tuesday , tying its all-time high recorded in 1998 . Tuesday 's low matched the record of 69 degrees . The temperature in Olympia , Washington , was 101 degrees Tuesday , exceeding the previous high of 100 in 1998 , according to the National Weather Service . The heat wave has lasted several days , which is also unusual . What Mass calls the onshore push -- a surge of air from over the Pacific Ocean -- typically cools the area after a few days . Those winds are expected Friday . Oregon also is feeling the heat and posting record highs . It was 106 degrees in Portland on Tuesday , eclipsing the previous high of 101 , which was set in 1998 . It was 108 in Medford , 3 degrees above the 105-degree record set in 2003 ; and Salem was 107 , exceeding the 2003 record of 99 . Libba Letton , a spokeswoman for Whole Foods Market , said the chain 's Portland stores were passing out free water . CNN 's Deb Krajnak contributed to this report .	Cities in Washington , Oregon hit record highs in the 90s and low 100s Many do n't have air conditioners in region where temperatures rarely surpass 80s Because of unusually high humidity , temperatures not dropping in the evenings Whole Foods Market stores in Portland pass out free water
CNN  Airport authorities are clearly doing something right in Singapore . For the third year in a row , Singapore Changi Airport has earned the World 's Best Airport title at the annual SkyTrax World Airport Awards , which were announced Wednesday in Paris . "  It is a great honor to be named World 's Best Airport by SkyTrax for the third year running , " airport CEO Lee Seow Hiang told SkyTrax . "  This recognition is particularly pleasing for us as it comes at a time of transformation at Changi Airport . " The airport handles 5,000 arrivals and departures a week by 80 international airlines . This month , Changi awarded a $ 234 million construction contract for the expansion of Terminal 1 . The World Airport Awards , also known as the Passenger 's Choice Awards , were launched by air transport advisory group SkyTrax in 1999 . The 2015 awards are based on more than 13 million surveys completed by 112 nationalities of airline customers between May and January . Incheon International Airport near Seoul is the No. 2 airport in the world , also for the third year running . Germany 's No. 3-ranked Munich Airport retained its 2014 rank , as did No. 4 Hong Kong International . This year 's No. 5-ranked airport , Tokyo International  Haneda  , climbed one rung from No. 6 in 2014 . The world 's top 10 airports , according to SkyTrax : 1 . Singapore Changi Airport 2 . Incheon International Airport 3 . Munich Airport 4 . Hong Kong International Airport 5 . Tokyo International Airport  Haneda 6 . Zurich Airport 7 . Central Japan International Airport 8 . London Heathrow Airport 9 . Amsterdam Schiphol Airport 10 . Beijing Capital International Airport North America did n't have an airport in the top 10 this year . Vancouver International Airport , the No. 1 airport in North America for a record sixth consecutive year , fell in the global rankings from No. 9 in 2014 to No. 11 this year .	Singapore Changi Airport is world 's No. 1 airport for the third year in a row The SkyTrax awards are based on millions of passenger surveys
Rolling Stone  -- With 2012 halfway done , Adele 's 21 and Gotye 's "  Somebody That I Used to Know "  featuring Kimbra  are the biggest selling album and digital song of the year in the U.S. respectively , Billboard reports . "  21 " has continued its amazing run a year after its initial release , selling 3.69 million copies through the sales week that ended July 1 , the mid-year point for tracker Nielsen SoundScan . It was the best selling album halfway through last year as well , with 2.5 million copies sold . This is the first time in SoundScan 's 21-year history that the same record has been the top seller in the first halves of any two years . If "  21 " continues to fly off the shelves at this rate , it could be the first record in the SoundScan era to top the year-end charts twice . "  21 's " midway-point sales figures also mark another first in the SoundScan era -- it 's the first time just one album has sold over a millioncopies in the year 's first six months . The runner-up , Lionel Richie 's "  Tuskegee , " has moved 912,000 copies . To cap it all off , Adele 's 2008 record , "  19 , " finds itself as the tenth-highest selling record so far this year with 539,000 sold , making her the first artist to have two albums in the top 10 since Justin Bieber scored a pair halfway through 2010 with "  My World 2.0 " at No. 2 and "  My World " at No. 9 . As for Gotye 's ubiquitous "  Somebody That I Used to Know , " that track has a digital sales figure of 5.50 million for the year to date , according to SoundScan . Odds are looking good that the track will become the first to sell six million downloads in a year . "  Somebody " also marks the first time a song has sold over 5 million in the first half of a year , though Gotye 's smash was n't alone in that feat , joined by Fun . 's "  We Are Young "  featuring Janelle Monae  , which has sold 5.09 million . A quick rundown of the top selling albums this year finds breakout British boy band One Direction 's "  Up All Night " sitting at third with 889,000 copies sold . Whitney Houston 's Whitney : The Greatest Hits sold 818,000 to place it at No. 4 , while the compilation Now 41 takes the fifth spot with 714,000 . You can check out the full list of top selling albums here . On the singles side , following Gotye and Fun . is Carly Rae Jepsen 's "  Call Me Maybe " with 4,064,000 sold . At the Number 4 spot is Kelly Clarkson 's "  Stronger  What Does n't Kill You  " with 3,324,000 sold , while Nicki Minaj 's "  Starships " comes in at No. 5 with 3,158,000 . You can check out the full list of top selling digital songs here . See full story at RollingStone.com .	Midway through 2012 , Adele and Gotye are reigning on the charts "  21 " is the first time the same record has been the top seller in the first halves of any two years Gotye 's "  Somebody That I Used to Know , " has a digital sales figure of 5.50 million for the year
CNN  -- The end is near and the credits are about to roll -- but we 're not done with 2013 just yet . There 's still time for you to get involved and tell us your top sporting moments over the past 12 months . While we 've put our heads together and come out with our own top 10 , we 'd love to hear from you . So get in touch on Twitter by tweeting @Masters_JamesD with your thoughts on another stellar sporting year . Confession of the year -- Lance Armstrong He was a hero and role model to millions across the globe but Lance Armstrong 's world came crashing down in January after admitting to using testosterone and human growth hormone , as well as EPO -- a hormone naturally produced by human kidneys to stimulate red blood cell production . The confession , made to U.S. talk show host Oprah Winfrey in January , led to condemnation from millions and saw Armstrong stripped of his seven Tour de France titles . Shocking story of the year -- Oscar Pistorius Heralded as an inspiration to athletes across the world just a year earlier , Oscar Pistorius ' fall from grace was as rapid as it was shocking . A star of the London Olympic Games , Pistorius , nicknamed the "  Blade Runner " for the special prostheses he uses for sprinting , was arrested by South African police after admitting to shooting girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp on Valentine 's Day . He said it was an accident and will go on trial in March 2014 charged with murder . Winning moment of the year -- Andy Murray A year after crying his eyes out on Wimbledon 's Centre Court , Andy Murray finally ended Britain 's 77-year wait for a men 's singles champion in July . Murray defeated Novak Djokovic in a pulsating final to win his second grand slam and erase the pain of the defeat to Roger Federer 12 months earlier . After winning Olympic gold on the same tennis court at London 2012 , Murray ensured his place in the nation 's sporting history . Goodbye of the year -- Alex Ferguson After 26 years , 13 domestic league titles , two European Champions League crowns , five FA Cups and four League Cups , Alex Ferguson brought down the curtain on his illustrious managerial career in May . Ferguson , who won 38 trophies during his tenure at Manchester United , led the club to the English Premier League title in his final season before stepping down . The Scot , the most successful British manager in the history of the game , bid farewell to Old Trafford following a period of unparalleled success . Team of the year -- Bayern Munich It was the year that German football left the watching world in a trance as both Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund reached May 's European Champions League final . Bayern , beaten in the 2012 final in its own stadium by Chelsea , triumphed 2-1 at Wembley and went on to win the treble after claiming the Bundesliga title and German domestic cup . The German team 's form in the past few months has been nothing short of sensational , winning 14 of its 16 league games to sit top of the league going into the winter break as well as qualifying for the last 16 of the Champions League . Comeback of the year -- Oracle Team USA Never before in the 162-year history of the America 's Cup had any race captured the imagination quite like the contest between Oracle Team USA and Emirates Team New Zealand . Trailing 8-1 , defending champion Oracle came back from the abyss to win 9-8 in the final race in San Francisco . It was the comebacks of all comebacks as the Americans , who were deducted two points before the opening race for placing lead pellets in their catamarans to gain extra weight , prevailed in dramatic fashion . Goodbye of the year -- Sachin Tendulkar He was not just a cricket player -- he was a god . After 200 Test matches , 100 international centuries , Sachin Tendulkar waved goodbye to his adoring legion of fans in his home city of Mumbai in November . "  The Little Master , " as he is affectionately known , is not just the highest run scorer in both the five-day and limited-overs formats of cricket , he is a global icon of the game . With a net worth of about $ 160 million from endorsements , property and cricket earnings , according to Singapore-based Wealth X , Tendulkar is cricket 's richest player . Domination of the year -- Sebastian Vettel Can anybody stop Sebastian Vettel ? The 26-year-old German clinched a record-equaling fourth consecutive Formula One drivers ' title in October , with three races to spare . By season 's end he had won 13 races to equal the record of most victories in one campaign , set by compatriot Michael Schumacher in 2004 . Vettel joined Schumacher , Juan Manuel Fangio and Alain Prost as a four-time champion and will be favorite to win a fifth in 2014 . Heartwarming tale of the year -- Zahir Belounis After a two-year struggle to leave Qatar following a pay dispute , French-Algerian footballer Zahir Belounis returned home to Paris . Belounis , who had endured a bitter struggle to secure an exit permit from the Gulf state , had previously threatened to go on hunger strike and spoken of suicide . The 33-year-old wrote an open letter to Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola and France legend Zinedine Zidane to help gain publicity for his cause . Not long after , he was granted his exit permit following a media campaign . History makers of the year -- European Solheim Cup team For the very first time , Europe 's women 's golf team managed to do something which had always eluded them -- they won on American soil . Liselotte Neumann 's Europeans , needing just three and a half points from the final day 's play to retain the trophy they won in Ireland two years ago , won five and halved four of 12 singles matches to complete an 18-10 victory . It was 17-year-old Charley Hull who stole the show on the last day in Colorado in August -- recording an astonishing 5 & 4 win over 2010 U.S. Open champion and world No. 11 Paula Creamer . So what did we miss ? Should we have included the Boston Red Sox winning the World Series ? The Chicago Blackhawks triumphing in the Stanley Cup ? Bosnia and Herzegovina qualifying for the World Cup ? Or the British and Irish Lions securing a first Test series win in 16 years against Australia ? Let us know your thoughts and what you 're looking forward to in 2014 . Join the debate with James Masters on Twitter .	Lance Armstrong 's confession tops the year 's sporting moments Team USA Oracle in comeback of the year Treble winning Bayern Munich ranked as best team of 2013 Andy Murray ended Britain 's 77-year wait for a men 's singles Wimbledon champion
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The Mexican navy said Wednesday that it rescued five Ecuadorians who had been adrift without supplies in a fishing boat for more than two weeks off the coast of the southern state of Chiapas . Mexican medical personel examine two of five Ecuadorians rescued at sea . Mexican authorities initiated the rescue , which occurred Tuesday , after the U.S. Coast Guard alerted them that sailors aboard a fishing boat located 45 nautical miles  83 km  southeast of Port Chiapas had signaled to a passing plane that they needed help . The Mexican navy dispatched a helicopter , which located the 15-meter-long  49-foot-long  vessel and carried out the rescue by air , the navy said in a news release . The five aboard identified themselves as Jaime Arturo Alaba Chavez , the 35-year-old captain ; Víctor Hugo Alaba Chavez , the 32-year-old cook ; Edison Prado Alaba , a 27-year-old sailor ; Carlos Cheme Vazquez , a 37-year-old sailor ; and Raul Contreras Vera , a 64-year-old machinist . The sailors were taken to the Naval Sanatorium of Puerto Chiapas , where doctors determined they were dehydrated . They said they had departed Costa Rica 's on May 6 but , five days later , their motor stopped working and , unable to repair it , they had been adrift and without food since . A naval patrol boat towed the boat to Puerto Chiapas , arriving there Wednesday morning . It will be inspected to rule out the possibility that it may have been used for illicit activities , the navy said .	The Mexican navy said Wednesday that it rescued five Ecuadorians adrift at sea Men apparently without supplies in a fishing boat for more than two weeks Men found off the coast of the southern state of Chiapas , Mexico
Washington  CNN  -- A divided Supreme Court ruled Wednesday against a California pilot who sued after the federal government publicly revealed his HIV status . In a 5-3 ruling , the high court decided Stanmore Cooper 's claims of mental and emotional distress are not covered under the Privacy Act . "  The Privacy Act does not unequivocally authorize damages for mental or emotional distress and therefore does not waive the government 's sovereign immunity for such harms , " Justice Samuel Alito wrote for the conservative majority . Three liberal justices dissented , while a fourth , former Solicitor General Elena Kagan , did not participate . In a statement Wednesday , Cooper said it was "  discouraging that a majority of the court sided with the government . " Cooper became a licensed recreational pilot in 1964 , but two decades later , the San Francisco man was diagnosed with HIV . As his condition worsened , he let his private pilot 's certificate and his airman medical certificate lapse . In 1996 , Cooper applied for long-term disability with the Social Security Administration . "  I was in bad shape , I did n't have long to live , " he said last year . But his health improved thanks to a cocktail of anti-retroviral therapy . He went back to work and wanted to fly again . "  I found out they were issuing medicals  exemptions  and I reapplied " to the Federal Aviation Administration "  without revealing my HIV status , " he said . "  Big mistake . " He received his new pilot 's certificate but , unknown to him , a joint local-federal initiative called Operation Safe Pilot was launched in 2002 . Using a spreadsheet , the agencies shared and compared the names and personal data of about 45,000 pilots in Northern California , looking for potentially medically unfit individuals who were also receiving federal benefits . Cooper was among four dozen or so pilots tagged as a "  person of interest . " When confronted by government agents , he admitted to a misdemeanor charge of filing a false report . He was sentenced to probation and fined , and his pilot 's certificate was revoked . The retired business executive 's name was listed in a federal press release and later , through his prosecution , Cooper 's medical history suddenly was a matter of public record . "  I had been able to control those  with  whom I shared my information about my HIV status , limited to some co-workers , family , and close friends , " he said "  And suddenly that was out of my control . " Cooper , who was eventually allowed to fly again , sued . "  I chose not to reveal my HIV infection and that was a very bad thing , " he said . "  I took responsibility for it and I paid the price . I was punished . And I think now it 's the government 's turn to own up to breaking the law and take responsibility for what they did . " A federal judge found both the FAA and the Social Security Administration violated the Privacy Act with the information-sharing investigation , but said under the law , only "  actual damages " could be collected by plaintiffs seeking redress . Since Cooper made no claims for economic harm , such as lost wages or medical expenses , he was out of luck . The judge found "  emotional injury " alone did not qualify and dismissed the lawsuit . A federal appeals court reversed that decision , ruling for Cooper . The FAA then asked the high court to intervene . During an hour of oral arguments last year , the justices stayed away from the specific claims of emotional harm made by Cooper , focusing instead on what the law says about qualifying for damages . "  The argument you have made -- and I certainly understand it , that this is the Privacy Act and so it 's precisely these types of damages that you would be concerned about -- really cuts both ways , " Chief Justice John Roberts said to Cooper 's lawyer . "  What you are saying is this  law  covers a really big chunk of damages , because this is what the whole act was about , " Roberts said . "  And it seems to me that argument suggests that there is some weight to the government 's point : That if you are going to get that , you really do need clearer " language in the law that would immunize the government to some extent , from a flood of hard-to-disprove lawsuits . The ambiguity has divided lower courts for years , and privacy experts said the ease with which the government can collect and share information in the digital age makes the issue of personal privacy liability ripe for review . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg repeatedly hammered away at the government lawyer arguing for the FAA . She said the federal damages provision in question is similar to state tort claims that include both emotional and financial harm . "  The person who is subject to this , to this embarrassment , this humiliation , does n't have out-of-pocket costs , but is terribly distressed , nervous , anxious , and all the rest , " Ginsburg said . "  The act that the Congress is reaching , the impact is of that nature . I mean , pecuniary  monetary  damages ordinarily attend conduct that embarrasses , humiliates you , causes mental distress . " Eric Feigin of the Justice Department said the Privacy Act 's language may be interpreted as allowing damages for such things as "  humiliation , embarrassment and mental anguish , " but said because the phrase "  actual " damages remains vague , the government should get the benefit of the doubt , tipping the case in its favor . "  Simply because a plaintiff may have suffered an adverse effect " from the privacy violation , argued Feigin , "  does n't mean that the plaintiff suffered actual damages . " Raymond Cardozo , Cooper 's lawyer , pointed out during the hearing that his client 's information was made public and his name and HIV status are still posted on a federal government database . He also made a larger argument , that his client 's dilemma is one that may affect all Americans . "  Congress passed this act to restore the citizens ' faith in their government , and it made a solemn promise to the American citizens that in cases of intentional and willful violation , the United States shall be liable for actual damages , " Cardozo said . "  Today , the government is proposing that "  actual damages " be read in a way that renders this act virtually irrelevant . That makes a mockery of that solemn promise . " Cooper attended the public session at the court and expressed optimism afterward he would prevail . "  They 've betrayed my trust and I ca n't get that back , " Cooper said at the time . "  There was nothing to lose here . I had to do it . It was the right thing to do . " The case is Cooper v. FAA  10-1024  . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Kate Bolduan contribute to this report .	The Supreme Court limits "  actual damages " under the Privacy Act A California man sued when the government publicly revealed his HIV status The 5-3 ruling pitted the court 's conservative majority against the liberal minority Justice Elena Kagan , the former solicitor general , did not participate
Former F1 champion Michael Schumacher has been discharged from a Swiss hospital and is returning to his home , where he 'll continue his recovery from head injuries suffered in a skiing accident last year , his spokeswoman said Tuesday . "  Considering the severe injuries he suffered , progress has been made in the past weeks and months , " said Sabine Kehm . "  There is still , however , a long and difficult road ahead . " Schumacher , 45 , sustained severe head trauma in a skiing accident at the French Alps resort of Meribel on December 29 . His investigative team said it thinks the experienced skier hit a rock hidden beneath the snow while traversing an area between two marked pistes , which catapulted him face-first onto another rock . He was treated first at a hospital in Grenoble , in France , and then in June moved to a hospital in Lausanne , Switzerland , near the Schumacher family home . Kehm appealed , as she has previously , for the privacy of his family to be respected as Schumacher continues his recovery . The German national is a seven-time world champion whose F1 racing career ended in 2012 .	Michael Schumacher is to continue his rehabilitation at home , his spokeswoman says He has been discharged from a hospital in Lausanne , Switzerland "  There is still ... a long and difficult road ahead , " says his spokeswoman
CNN  -- We often walk past them without a second thought , but most murals tell a story about the communities in which they live . And yet , as features of our public spaces , they mean something different to each of us when we view them through our own individual filters . For our first CNN Instagram community assignment we invited followers to photograph murals or street art in their communities and tell us about them . We were thrilled to see more than 300 submissions from all over the world and hear the many stories behind them . Below are just a few highlights . Check out all of the submissions by searching the #CNNMuralStories tag in Instagram . Erica Firpo : Rome , Italy Erica Firpo captured the latest mural by renowned Italian street artists Sten and Lex , whose stencil art has appeared in cities worldwide . This mural on the side of a building in Rome 's Garbatella neighborhood was completed in December . "  This abstract landscape  a deviation from their usual pointillist portrait  was entirely locally crowd-funded and chosen by the neighborhood to be a permanent public work , blurring the lines between street and fine art , " Firpo noted . Ragheeb Faatih Moazzem : Chittagong Port , Bangladesh Ragheeb Faatih Moazzem 's Instagram depicts a portrait of 20th century Bengali statesman Sheikh Mujibur Rahman , leader of the movement that led to the independence of Bangladesh from Pakistan in 1971 . Rahman later became the first president of the Bengali state . Found on a wall near Chittagong , the country 's largest seaport , the portrait commemorates a historic speech by Rahman that called for liberation from Pakistan , Moazzem said in his Instagram post . "  If it had n't been for Bangabandu  friend of Bengal  Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and his historical and emotional speech , we would to this day be the victims of oppression and torture . We are forever in his debt . " Jorge Quinteros : Brooklyn , New York Jorge Quinteros came upon this work in progress in Brooklyn . The artists told him they 'd been working on this mural of Nelson Mandela for three days . They told him that they owned the wall and typically used it as advertising space . "  We had a little spare time from work and we wanted to pay tribute to this amazing man . " Kimber Kirton : Miami , Florida Kimber Kirton documented a mural created this year by Evoca1 for 2013 Art Basel Miami Beach . The South Florida-based artist aims to "  merge art and humanity together for a timeless collection " through his art and Sketches for Mankind , a collective whose work includes outreach to Miami 's homeless population . This mural is based on sketches the artist created from photographs of two homeless men . Word has it that the artist brings his subjects to the completed walls and shows them these beautiful interpretations , Kirton said . "  I can only imagine their emotional response , for even mine changed when I took a second glance at it after learning its backstory . " Julian Castaneda : Uppsala , Sweden Jullian Castandea showed off his pride in his small city in Uppsala , Sweden , and its coffee roasting plant "  Lindvalls Kaffe . " Located near the plant , the mural proudly proclaims "  En BÃ ¶ nas VÃ $ g , " which means "  The Road Of The Bean , " Castaneda said . "  We may be a little city , but at least we can be proud to say that the best coffee -- ` Lindvalls Kaffe ' -- is done right here . " Mike Gutkin : New York , New York Mike Gutkin captured an authentic 20-foot section of The Berlin Wall in its current residence in a plaza in Midtown New York . Commercial real estate developer Tishman Speyer acquired the graffiti-sprayed wall in the 1990s . It "  was crazy standing next to this awesome piece of history , " Gutkin said . Emily Rippe : Toledo , Ohio Emily Rippe documented the Carter family in front of a mural in Toledo , Ohio , known as "  Juleeon 's mural . " This public art is the result of a partnership between Art Corner Toledo and Food for Thought , a social justice organization dedicated to feeding the hungry . "  The Carters are just one of many families combating hunger on a daily basis . Amidst the struggle , 11-year-old Juleeon maintains a smile that could span the Midwest . His mural stands for hope and change in cities and towns across the county , " Rippe said . Jeremiah Cowan : Atlanta , Georgia Jeremiah Cowan captured this piece by Atlanta muralist HENSE on the side of Westside Cultural Arts Space building . "  This mural inspires me because of its pop of color in a gray area of town . I feel like this mural brings life to the Atlanta community , " he said . Keith Weaver : Atlanta , GA Keith Weaver met Kenny , an Atlanta resident , while exploring historic Auburn Avenue , the home of Martin Luther King . Jr. . He has lived in Atlanta longer than Weaver has been alive . They talked about Kenny 's life , the history of the area and the community played in the civil rights movement of the 1960s . Weaver took his portrait in front of a wall created by artist JR that commemorates the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington . "  This wall and this portrait remind me of the struggle citizens of my country went through for equality , opportunity , and freedom , " Weaver said .	Photographers share stories of their favorite murals for CNN 's first Instagram challenge Murals pay tribute to political leaders , social justice movements , coffee shops Mural in Toledo , Ohio , of boy laughing "  stands for hope and change , " Instagrammer says
CNN  -- A Georgia youth football coach who made disparaging comments on Facebook about ethnic groups and women wants to continue coaching and hopes people accept his apology , his attorney said Wednesday . Frank Samuelson , who coached 10-year-old athletes at the Brookwood Football Association in suburban Atlanta , made an apology Tuesday night to members of the association . But some parents were unmoved . "  Frank Samuelson , by name , is a racist , " said Joseph Clark , who said he is taking his son out of the program in the upscale area in Gwinnett County . The coach should have stepped down , Clark added . Blake Fleming , a parent of a player in the association , told HLN Wednesday night that he heard complaints from other parents earlier this fall and sent complaints to officials . The postings stayed up and there was no immediate action , he said . Samuelson eventually resigned from the association board after the comments went public . Attorney Chris McClurg , who said he also has been Samuelson 's friend for about five years , said the coach made a public apology and "  is a nice guy " who made "  insensitive " remarks . The coach said in a statement the comments were meant for friends and in some cases he was responding to comments . The coach described south Asians as "  Red Dots " and Hispanics as "  Beaners , " according to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution , which said he mocked other ethnic groups and women . Samuelson told the newspaper one posting represented inside jokes between friends : "  How to solve illegal immigration : Arrest the 30 + million illegals that are here first . Have them build a huge brick wall across the border -LSB- those guys do great brick work -RSB- , and make them build it from the Mexican side of the border . Mount 50 calibre machine guns across the top and shoot anyone trying to climb over . " According to the newspaper , another posting , also with spelling errors , read : "  I was dining in an Asian buffet today -LSB- big surpise -RSB- , and I heard this morning how Asian students are suppodely so much smarter than American kids . My personal observation is that those fishheads still eat with chopsticks . It took Western ingenuity to invent the fork . I 'm just saying . ... they a ` int that friggin ' smart . " The coach 's Facebook page was not visible to the public Wednesday and McClurg would not release its contents . He would not comment on specific allegations in the Journal-Constitution report , but said that his client acknowledged making inappropriate remarks . "  He wants to move on , " said McClurg , indicating Samuelson was not available for comment Wednesday . Samuelson told CNN affiliate WSB in a statement that the "  things I remarked about were meant to be humorous or at least thought provoking in front of the eyes of my friends who make up a variety of different people ... it was meant to either respond to some of my friend 's posts or poke at them in turn . " CNN affiliates WSB and WXIA broadcast video from Tuesday night 's meeting , including Samuelson 's apology and Clark 's comments . "  If there is somebody offended by it I definitely apologize from the bottom of my heart , " the coach told WSB , adding some of the posts were "  locker room talk " among friends . And he said , many of his postings , were taken out of context . After Samuelson 's speech to the association , a large number of those in the crowd stood and applauded . "  All you need to know is that 90 percent of the audience stood up and gave him a standing ovation , " McClurg told HLN . Samuelson hopes to continue coaching at Brookwood next year , McClurg said . "  Frank is loved by all those kids , " the attorney said . The association on Tuesday night passed a new bylaw that gave board members the power to "  expel from the membership " anyone whose activities are considered detrimental , according to the Journal-Constitution . A message left with the Brookwood board president was not immediately returned Wednesday . CNN 's Phil Gast and HLN 's Lisa Camp contributed to this report .	Georgia youth football coach apologizes for Facebook postings Posts disparage ethnic groups and women Coach says they were taken out of context Some parents do n't think he should be allowed to continue coaching
As the world 's fastest growing market for mobile phones , Africa is ripe for the upcoming disruption that will be ushered in by ubiquitous Internet access through smartphones . The previous wave of mobile phone adoption on the continent from 2000 to 2010 accelerated at an impressive 30 % compound annual growth rate powered by affordable dumb and feature phones sold at mass market price points . Today , the narrative is changing . Read more : 10 African tech startups you need to know The continent 's smartphone market is expected to double in the next four years and device manufacturers who dominated the narrative over the past decade such as Nokia are making big bets on the continent 's smartphone future . Microsoft/Nokia through the Lumia Windows phone line are betting that the continent 's rising economic fundamentals coupled with a rising hunger for connected devices will spur significant demand . Huawei has since 2011 bet that its sub $ 100 Android devices will herald a new era of smartphone penetration in some of Africa 's largest mobile phone markets like Nigeria and Kenya . Samsung has adopted a similar strategy , targeting student populations and engaging celebrities to trigger mass appeal and its tactics appear to be gaining traction . According to International Data Corp , 52 % of all smartphones sold on the continent in the second quarter of 2013 were Samsung phones and the company has quickly ascended in a short period of time to become Africa 's smartphone leader . Chinese manufacturer Tecno has also increasingly been making its intentions clear : "  Our desire is to flood the African mobile phone markets with Tecno smartphones , " its director of marketing , Boukali Mounir said in an interview recently . Tecno humbly started out by introducing relatively simple phones in the African market but very quickly scaled up its offerings to include affordable smartphones and now has its ambitions set on continent-wide domination . Then there is the Blackberry , which despite its cataclysmic woes in Western markets , continues to enjoy significant patronage on the continent . The coming African smartphone wave poses an interesting dilemma for app developers on the continent . Should they invest their skills acquisition and app development efforts in Africa 's feature phone past or its exciting smartphone future ? After all , despite the growth prospects , Africa is still largely a feature phone play with smartphones making up 18 % of phones in Africa . Read more : Smart cabs and social games - Africa 's mobile tech startups Though the continent 's smart phone penetration rate might appear low relative to its number of feature phone users , the addressable market for smartphone users on the continent is already sizeable and is currently growing at about 19 % year over year . With 650 million mobile phone subscribers in Africa , there are already about 100 million smartphone users with the number set to double to 200 million users in the next four years . At present , South Africa is reportedly sub-Saharan Africa 's largest smartphone market at 19 % penetration followed closely by Tanzania , Nigeria and Kenya . Launching the right product with cross-country appeal would be key to success and carrier billing for local apps by indigenous mobile operators would provide a decent monetization path for breakout hits . Much has been analyzed about Africa 's rising middle class , a demographic that has been touted to be the world 's fastest growing . Despite the controversy surrounding who really comprises this base , McKinsey posits that in the next few years , 40 % of the growth in spending power on the continent will be driven by households with an average income of more than $ 20,000 a year . What makes the continent 's smartphone user base particularly interesting is its demographic composition . Africa 's smartphone owners overlap significantly with its rising consumer class . Asides the relatively formidable size of their wallets , they are typically the most tech savvy cohort of the general populace and the most likely to use mobile apps solving key pain points in their day to day lives from mobile commerce to transit ticketing . Read more : How African innovation can take on the world The launch of Uber  the Silicon Valley based startup that connects riders with a driver at the tap of a button on its smartphone app  in Johannesburg , South Africa this past August points to the fact that the philosophy of betting on the continent 's smartphone future is increasingly gaining traction . It might be early days in Africa 's smartphone history but at its current pace of growth , the future will very quickly merge with the present and eventually supersede it . While feature phone penetration will continue to maintain its healthy lead , smartphone adoption would take on a hockey stick adoption path ; a trend that savvy entrepreneurs and app developers will inevitably profit from . The impact that rapid adoption of smartphones on the continent will usher in are legion . From education to retail , Africa 's smartphone wave will redefine the continent 's future in myriad sectors and at scale .	Africa 's smartphone market is expected to double in next four years , says Nmachi Jidenma Companies like Nokia and Samsung are targeting the continent Africa 's growing tech-savvy middle class will drive smartphone adoption "  Smartphones will redefine the continent 's future , " says Jidenma
EW.com  -- Well , that worked . Produced for only $ 5 million , Paramount 's "  Paranormal Activity 3 " surpassed everyone 's expectations and opened to a staggering $ 54 million , according to studio estimates . That 's the biggest October debut ever , beating the $ 50.4 million opening of last year 's equally scary "  Jackass 3-D . " Paramount is also claiming that "  PA3 " clinched the best horror opening ever , topping "  Paranormal Activity 2 " 's $ 40.7 million . But that record depends on how strictly one defines the horror genre . For instance , is "  I Am Legend " more of a sci-fi or horror film ? If you consider it to be the latter , then "  I Am Legend " holds the horror record with its $ 77.2 million debut . Regardless , no matter how you look at it , "  PA3 " posted some huge numbers this weekend . The R-rated horror prequel secured the best opening since "  Rise of the Planet of the Apes " premiered to $ 54.8 million in early August , and it essentially gave the box office a shot of adrenaline after two months of lackluster results . The series continued to attract a large proportion of younger moviegoers , with 53 percent of the audience under the age of 25 . However , "  PA3 " skewed slightly older than "  PA2 , " which drew an audience that was 60 percent under age 25 . Surprisingly , "  PA3 " received a poor "  C + " rating from CinemaScore graders . Horror films are frequently saddled with underwhelming grades from the market research firm , but by comparison , "  PA2 " earned a more respectable "  B " rating . Normally , "  PA3 " 's low CinemaScore mark would foreshadow a significant drop next week . But considering that next weekend is Halloween weekend , and there wo n't be a "  Saw " movie  or any other horror film  to compete with it , "  PA3 " may actually hold up fairly well . Like the house that always handed out raisins for Halloween , the weekend 's two other new releases -- "  The Three Musketeers " and "  Johnny English Reborn " -- attracted very few visitors . "  The Three Musketeers , " helmed by "  Resident Evil " director Paul W.S. Anderson , had to settle for fourth place with just $ 8.8 million . The PG-13 steampunk action film joined "  What 's Your Number ? , " "  Mars Needs Moms , " "  Fright Night , " and "  Apollo 18 " to become the fifth movie this year to open to less than $ 10 million while playing in at least 3,000 theaters . The movie failed to entice younger moviegoers , as only 36 percent of its audience was under the age of 25 . Milla Jovovich , who stars in "  Musketeers " and is married to Anderson , took to Twitter to accuse distributor Summit Entertainment of not properly marketing the film as a "  fun family adventure . " The poorly reviewed movie garnered an okay "  B " rating from CinemaScore graders . Even before reaching American shores , the British spy comedy sequel "  Johnny English Reborn " had already surpassed its $ 45 million budget by grossing $ 85.1 million overseas . Still , its $ 3.8 million opening  and eighth-place finish  this weekend is a disappointment , especially considering that the original "  Johnny English " debuted to $ 9.1 million back in 2003 . CinemaScore participants gave the PG-rated flick a "  B " grade . Second and third place went to holdovers "  Real Steel " and "  Footloose , " which tallied $ 11.3 million and $ 10.9 million , respectively . Both movies , along with "  The Ides of March " in fifth place , dropped only about 30 percent from last week -- an indication of strong word of mouth . In semi-wide release , the G-rated basketball drama "  The Mighty Macs " opened to $ 1.1 million at 975 theaters , for a paltry per-location average of $ 1,090 . Among limited releases , two new movies stood out . The Wall Street thriller "  Margin Call " collected a solid $ 582,000 from 56 locations . And the Sundance drama "  Martha Marcy May Marlene , " featuring a breakout performance by Elizabeth Olsen , grossed $ 138,000 from four theaters for a superb $ 34,500 per-location average . 1 . Paranormal Activity 3 -- $ 54.0 mil 2 . Real Steel -- $ 11.3 mil 3 . Footloose -- $ 10.9 mil 4 . The Three Musketeers -- $ 8.8 mil 5 . The Ides of March -- $ 4.9 mil See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  PA3 " posted some huge numbers this weekend "  Musketeers " had to settle for fourth place with just $ 8.8 million "  Johnny English Reborn " had already surpassed its $ 45 million budget
CNN  -- Real Madrid returned to the top of the table in Spain after edging past Racing Santander 1-0 on Saturday , while previous leaders Barcelona could only draw 1-1 at Athletic Bilbao . Real , still missing the injured Cristiano Ronaldo and with veteran talisman Raul starting on the bench , dominated struggling Santander but had only a solitary first-half strike from Gonzalo Higuain to show for it . The visitors should have snatched a point , but Sergio Canales saw his 77th minute effort wrongly ruled out for an offside by a teammate who was not in the line of play . Real , whose last home outing ended in an embarrassing exit from the Copa Del Rey against lower-league opposition , saw midfielder Xabi Alonso hit the post in the 13th minute and then defender Alvaro Arbeloa also hit the woodwork with a floated cross . Argentina forward Higuain , who started in place of Raul , kept up his good goalscoring form in the 22nd minute when he pounced from close range after Kaka 's right-wing cross was not cleared . Karim Benzema thought he had doubled the lead in the 55th minute , but the France forward 's effort was correctly ruled out for a marginal offside before he made way for Raul . The result lifted some of the pressure piling up on Real coach Manuel Pellegrini , who has a big week ahead with Wednesday 's Champions league clash against FC Zurich and then the "  El Clasico " battle with Barcelona on Sunday . Real will go into that match at the Nou Camp with a one-point lead over Barca , who were missing the swine flu-stricken Rafael Marquez , Yaya Toure and Eric Abidal and the injured Zlatan Ibrahimovic for the trip to Bilbao . Lionel Messi inspired the Spanish and European champions ' best moments in the first half , with Thierry Henry left on the bench following his controversial handball incident in France 's World Cup playoff win against the Republic of Ireland on Wednesday . But it was the Basque side who should have taken the lead on the stroke of halftime when Javier Martinez headed a golden chance wide when it seemed easier to score . Barcelona took the lead in the 54th minute when Xavi threaded a superb pass to Dani Alves and the Brazilian fullback coolly slotted in the opening goal . However , that lead lasted only nine minutes as substitute Gaizka Toquero ghosted in behind Alves to collect his teammate 's headed flick-on and calmly sidefoot high into the net . Henry was finally brought on by coach Pep Guardiola in the 84th minute , but Barcelona could not penetrate the stubborn Bilbao defense , with the home side left in seventh place after a hard-earned point . Barcelona next take on Italian champions Inter Milan in the Champions League on Tuesday , needing a result to keep alive their hopes of reaching the knockout stages . Sevilla consolidated third place after holding on to win 2-1 at Tenerife . Diego Perotti put the visitors ahead in the 32nd minute with a close-range finish from a cross by new Spain cap Jesus Navas , who almost gave away a penalty three minutes into the second half when Marc Valiente went down . Sevilla immediately counter-attacked and midfielder Renato crashed in a shot from the edge of the area after being set up by fellow Brazilian Luis Fabiano . Striker Nino gave Tenerife hope with a superb volley 15 minutes from the end , but Sevilla defended well to earn the three points . Atletico Madrid crashed to a third straight defeat under new coach Quique Sanchez Flores , losing 2-1 at Deportivo La Coruna after Andres Guardado 's dramatic last-minute penalty . Argentina striker Sergio Aguero put Atletico ahead after just three minutes , but Diego Colotto leveled the score on 20 and Guardado kept his cool at the death after Pablo brought down Alberto Lopo . Sanchez Flores raced onto the pitch as Atletico protested furiously , resulting in Cleber Santana being sent off .	Real Madrid return to top of table in Spain after beating Racing Santander 1-0 Visitors unlucky not to earn a point as Sergio Canales has effort wrongly ruled out Previous leaders Barcelona are one point adrift of Real after 1-1 draw at Athletic Bilbao La Liga 's top two teams will clash in "  El Clasico " at the Nou Camp next Sunday
CNN  Serena Williams is ending her Indian Wells boycott in a spirit of "  forgiveness " 14 years after suffering racist abuse at the Californian resort 's showpiece tennis tournament . World No. 1 Williams , who won the Australian Open with victory over Maria Sharapova in Melbourne last month , announced her decision -- explained in an exclusive interview with TIME magazine -- on Twitter . Back in 2001 , age 19 , she lifted her second Indian Wells trophy by beating Kim Clijsters -- but she and her family were racially abused by some members of the crowd after sister Venus withdrew from their semifinal with an injury . That sparked accusations from some that their father , Richard , was "  fixing " games between the two . He later said the abuse the family had suffered during the final "  shamed America . " His daughter told TIME he "  had to sit and watch his daughter being taunted , sparking cold memories of his experiences growing up in the South . " She instantly vowed never to return to the scene of her first-ever professional victory , in a doubles match with Venus in 1997 , but revealed that she now felt ready to go back and compete in the BNP Paribas Open , being played in March . "  I 'm fortunate to be at a point in my career where I have nothing to prove , " Williams explained . "  I 'm still as driven as ever , but I play for the love of the game . "  It is with that love in mind , and a new understanding of the true meaning of forgiveness , that I will proudly return to Indian Wells in 2015 . " The 33-year-old said a feeling that attitudes in tennis had progressed had helped to make up her mind , citing the prompt action taken by the Women 's Tennis Association and United States Tennis Association when she and Venus were victims of racist and sexist comments made by a Russian official last year . "  I have thought about going back to Indian Wells many times over my career , " Williams said . "  I said a few times that I would never play there again . And believe me , I meant it . I admit it scared me . What if I walked onto the court and the entire crowd booed me ? The nightmare would start all over . " She said it had been "  difficult for me to forget spending hours crying in the Indian Wells locker room after winning in 2001 , driving back to Los Angeles feeling as if I had lost the biggest game ever -- not a mere tennis game but a bigger fight for equality . " "  Emotionally it seemed easier to stay away , " she explained . "  There are some who say I should never go back . There are others who say I should have returned years ago . "  I understand both perspectives very well and wrestled with them for a long time . I 'm just following my heart on this one . " Her decision was welcomed by tournament CEO Raymond Moore , who confirmed that she had accepted a wild card for the event . "  We really look forward to watching her compete again , " he said .	World No. 1 had vowed never to return to scene of her first professional victory She and her family suffered racist abuse during 2001 final against Kim Clijsters Australian Open champion says changing attitudes in the game helped decision She will play with ' a new understanding of the true meaning of forgiveness '
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Protests continued Friday in several California cities , including San Francisco , Palm Springs and Long Beach , over the passage of Proposition 8 , which outlaws same-sex marriage . The passage of California 's Proposition 8 , which bans same-sex marriages , has led to a number of protests . The ballot initiative , which passed 52.5 percent to 47.5 percent Tuesday , overturns a May ruling by the California Supreme Court that struck down a 2000 ban on same-sex unions . In San Francisco , an estimated 2,000 protesters marched down Market Street toward Dolores Park . The march stretched out for at least three city blocks , and the protesters completely blocked Market Street 's westbound lanes and the eastbound lanes in places . "  I believe that politics and religion should be completely separate , " protester Eric Rogers told CNN affiliate KGO-TV . "  This has been , actually , one of those lines that has been blurred by that . " "  It really feels personal . It feels like why would someone not want us to live in love and respect , " said protester Jayne Dean-McGilpin . A demonstration in Long Beach stretched out for five or six blocks . "  Hate is not hot , " read a banner at the front of the marchers . About 2,000 demonstrators marched in a peaceful protest in Long Beach , and a few hundred remained in the streets around 10 p.m.  1 a.m. ET  , said Sgt. David Marander of the Long Beach Police Department . Marander said Long Beach officers arrested three people after they tried to persuade others to leave the protest route that was described in a permit that organizers obtained for the march . At one point , demonstrators stopped at a street corner for a few moments to allow traffic to cross . Later , demonstrators congregated for about 20 minutes at the intersection of Broadway and Alameda Street , blocking traffic in all directions . The demonstrators then moved on before stopping at the intersection of Long Beach Boulevard and First Street , where many of them sat down in the street . After a few minutes , the demonstrators were on the move again . Police kept a watchful eye on the protesters but did not intervene . In Palm Springs , a crowd of several hundred gathered in front of the city hall , chanting "  Civil rights " and "  Tax the Church . " One sign read : "  We will not give up . " iReport.com : Your thoughts on gay marriage ? Several protesters surrounded an elderly looking woman , an apparent Proposition 8 supporter , and shouted at her . No arrests were reported at any of the demonstrations . In Salt Lake City , Utah , about 2,000 demonstrators gathered at Temple Square to protest against the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . The Mormon church strongly supported Proposition 8 , which amends California 's constitution to define marriage as legal only between one man and one woman . Proposition 8 opponents say the Salt Lake City-based church donated a majority of the money raised in support of the measure . The LDS Church believes it should not be singled out when other groups also supported the proposition . "  It is disturbing that The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is being singled out for speaking up as part of its democratic right in a free election , " the church said in a statement Friday . On Thursday , Roman Catholic and Mormon leaders said their efforts did not target any specific group . The coalition of religious communities and citizens who supported Proposition 8 wanted to preserve "  the bedrock institution of marriage " between a man and a woman , said Cardinal Roger Mahoney , the Catholic archbishop of Los Angeles . "  Proposition 8 is not against any group in our society , " Mahoney said in a written statement . About 2,000 protesters picketed Thursday afternoon outside the Los Angeles temple of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . Several groups have petitioned the California Supreme Court to prevent the constitutional revision from taking effect . The American Civil Liberties Union , Lambda Legal and the National Center for Lesbian Rights have filed a lawsuit contending the ballot initiative was "  improperly used . " According to the three groups , "  such radical changes " as outlawing gay marriage can not be made by ballot initiative , but must , "  at a minimum , go through the state legislature first . " The groups also argue the measure takes away a "  fundamental right " from lesbian and gay Californians . The three organizations filed the legal challenges on behalf of Equality California and six same-sex couples who did not marry before Tuesday 's election , but would like to be able to wed now . The three groups contend that California must honor the marriages of the 18,000 lesbian and gay couples who have already married . Sunny Hostin , a CNN legal analyst , said Thursday it is unclear whether same-sex weddings that took place before Tuesday are still valid . Referring to those couples , she said , "  I think they really are in a legal limbo , a legal black hole . " Voters in Arizona and Florida also banned same-sex marriages in ballot initiatives Tuesday .	Protests continue over recent passage of same-sex marriage ban in California Measure overturns May ruling by California Supreme Court allowing gay marriages Legal status of same-sex weddings that occurred before ban remains unclear
CNN  -- Christiane Amanpour will return to CNN with a weekday program on CNN International while continuing at ABC News as a global affairs anchor , the networks announced Tuesday . Amanpour will begin hosting a program on CNN International in 2012 as part of a "  unique arrangement " with ABC News , CNN Worldwide President Jim Walton said in an e-mail message to CNN staff . "  Christiane Amanpour has been synonymous with international reporting and with CNN for many years , " Walton said in a statement . "  We could not be happier that through this unique arrangement with ABC News , her experience and global perspective are returning to a nightly news broadcast for our international audience . " Amanpour , who left CNN in 2010 to become host of ABC 's "  This Week , " said in a statement that she was "  thrilled and honored " by the opportunity to host multiple specials for primetime ABC News and return to CNN . "  I am looking forward to getting back into the field to report stories on global issues that matter greatly to the American people , " she said . "  At the same time , I will be broadcasting once again to hundreds of millions of people across the world with a weekday show on CNN International . " Former "  This Week " host George Stephanopoulos will return to the program and continue his role as an anchor for "  Good Morning America , " ABC News spokesman Jeffrey Schneider said . "  Christiane has had an absolutely remarkable year at ABC News , with world-beating exclusives , " ABC News President Ben Sherwood said in a statement . "  We 're thrilled that she will be able to get back out in the field , bringing these important global stories back to our audiences , particularly primetime . " Amanpour spent more than 25 years reporting from around the globe for CNN . Most recently , she was CNN 's chief international correspondent and anchored "  Amanpour , " a 30-minute daily interview program that aired on CNN International from September 2009 to April 2010 . Her body of work has earned nine News and Documentary Emmys , four George Foster Peabody Awards , two George Polk Awards , three duPont-Columbia Awards , the Courage in Journalism Award , an Edward R. Murrow award , an inaugural Television Academy Honor and nine honorary degrees . In 2007 , Amanpour was made a Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II for her "  highly distinguished , innovative contribution " to the field of journalism . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : ABC : Stephanopoulos will return to "  This Week , " continue at "  Good Morning America " Christiane Amanpour will host a nightly news broadcast on CNN International CNN Worldwide president : Her return is part of a "  unique arrangement " with ABC News Amanpour says she is "  thrilled and honored " by the opportunity
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . When Twitter asks "  What are you doing , " maybe you should be following tweets on job advice . When microblogging and social networking site Twitter debuted three years ago , plenty of people wrote it off as yet another pointless addition in the overcrowded networking world . Considering the site only allows people to post , or Tweet , messages of 140 characters or less , you ca n't blame early skeptics . But little by little , users proved the site 's worth to nonbelievers . Last year , student James Karl Buck was traveling in Egypt and wound up in jail . He Tweeted "  arrested " to notify his friends of what was going on and ultimately get out of jail . During the 2008 presidential election , candidates reached out to voters using the service . When a plane crashed into the Hudson River in January , a Twitter user posted the first photograph from the scene . Although we 're in the nascent stage of Twitter 's existence and therefore have no idea how long it will be around , we do know it has more growing to do . If you 're not yet certain you want to start posting your own daily activities for everyone to read , you can still use the service as a resource for tips on finding a job and keeping up with industry news . Job seekers can follow people who will make your job search process easier , from the interviewing stage to the salary negotiations . I follow many people whom I think give great advice , post informative articles and know what they 're talking about . Seeing as the Twitter feed refreshes constantly so that I see new posts instantly , it 's like having a scrolling news ticker about only the subjects I want to read . I suggest you do the same to improve your job search . Here are the 10 job Tweeters you should be following . @adriennewaldo About the author : Adrienne Waldo , a New York-based writer , consultant and blogger , made a name for herself when she began blogging about Generation Y . Why you should follow her : Waldo , a Generation Y-er herself , offers advice as someone who 's in the same shoes as many of her equally young Twitter followers , but she also uses her experience to let followers know what employers are thinking . @AlisonDoyle About the author : Alison Doyle regularly writes articles on job-seeking issues , ranging from interview advice to using social media appropriately . Why you should follow her : She 's prolific , so you always have something to read , and she knows her stuff . @AnitaBruzzese About the author : Anita Bruzzese is the author of "  45 Things You Do That Drive Your Boss Crazy " and also writes a workplace blog full of tips and advice for employees . Why you should follow her : She lets you know when she 's updated her blog , which is full of helpful advice . She also shares quirky , sometimes off-topic links that lighten the day 's mood . @CAREEREALISM About the authors : Careerealism.com founder J.T. O'Donnell and a group of job experts let you know when they 've posted new advice for job seekers . They also respond to job seekers with career questions -- in 140 characters or less , of course . Why you should follow them : As a follower , you get to read advice from several experts who know what they 're talking about and give their own perspectives . @careerdiva About the author : Eve Tahmincioglu blogs , publishes articles and Tweets on career issues . Why you should follow her : Her advice is excellent and she often brings up issues you might not have otherwise considered . @CBforJobSeekers About the authors : CareerBuilder 's team of experts writes for the job seeking blog TheWorkBuzz.com and workplace articles , such as the one you 're reading right now . Why you should follow them : The team 's Tweets are a mix of tips , news stories , helpful articles and blog posts to keep you informed of what 's going on in the world of job seekers . @heatherhuhman About the author : Heather Huhman is an expert on helping Generation Y job seekers and recent graduates navigate the professional world . Why you should follow her : Huhman Tweets when she writes a new article , directs followers to other helpful experts and offers her own tips from time to time . @InterviewCoach About the author : Lewis Lin is a Seattle-based interview coach who prepares clients for the difficult questions that will come their way during a job search . Why you should follow him : Lin Tweets his own interview tips , as well as other experts ' advice and news articles . @Keppie_Careers About the author : Atlanta-based Miriam Salpeter is a career coach and résumé writer for Keppie Careers . She helps job seekers spice up their résumés , prepare for interviews and achieve their career goals . Why you should follow her : In addition to posting links to the day 's job seeker headlines and news , she also offers career advice and lets you know where she 'll be giving presentations . @Writerbabe About the author : Chicago-based Raven Moore authors The Writerbabe Series , a blog that explores professional , pop-culture and newsworthy topics . Why you should follow her : Moore directs you both to her own writings and to other writers ' works , as well as interesting news items she comes across . Plus , some of her personal Tweets are entertaining enough to make you forget about the current economy . Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Twitter is becoming a good tool to use for your career @heatherhuhman : Helps Gen Y , recent grads navigate professional world @careerdiva : Often brings up issues you might not have otherwise considered @InterviewCoach : Interview tips , also posts other experts ' advice and news articles
Detroit  CNN  -- Metal detectors belonging to the Secret Service that were on a stolen rental truck have been recovered , a law enforcement source said Monday . The metal detectors , which were to have been used at a campaign event for Vice President Joe Biden , were found at an abandoned house in Detroit and in the U-Haul , left near Henry Ford Hospital , the source said . Authorities want to question a man in connection with the theft of the U-Haul , found a day after it disappeared from its spot at the Westin Book Cadillac on Sunday . Surveillance photos from security cameras at the hotel show a man in a green T-shirt and dark shorts near the truck before it was taken . The stolen truck was found Monday , Secret Service spokesman Ed Donovan said . The law enforcement official , who did not speak for attribution , said there were no weapons inside the vehicle . Biden spoke at a downtown rally organized by the Michigan AFL-CIO . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Jonathan Helman contributed to this report	NEW : Metal detectors were found in an abandoned house , inside truck , source says NEW : Authorities want to question a man seen on surveillance video The rental truck was stolen from a Detroit hotel , found near hospital Vice President Joe Biden spoke at union rally
CNN  -- Goal machine Cristiano Ronaldo scored two first half goals in quick succession to power Real Madrid to a 2-0 win over Malaga in the Bernabeu , but also earned his second red card of the season . Ronaldo 's strikes all but sealed victory for Real by halftime , but he blotted his copybook with a flying elbow earning him his marching orders in the 70th minute , his second dismissal this season . But it was a much-needed win for Real , who cut the gap at the top on Barcelona , who won 3-0 at Valladolid on Saturday , to five points . Malaga had the better of the early exchanges and might have taken a shock lead before a fine team move led to Kaka feeding his fellow superstar Ronaldo from the right . He duly converted with a first time shot for a 35th minute opener and three minutes later he was on the scoresheet again , connecting on the volley with Guti 's clever pass forward to score his second . Just before halftime Ronaldo might have completed his hat-trick as a trademark free kick was parried away but he has scored 15 goals in 16 games for Real this season . In other matches on Sunday , Tenerife held third-placed Valencia to a 0-0 draw while Real Mallorca went fourth on goal difference ahead of Deportivo La Coruna after claiming a 1-1 draw at Espanyol . Valencia showed little of the form which saw them dispatch Villarreal 4-1 last week and aside from a deflected David Silva shot which went close and a David Navarro header offered scant threat in attack . Pablo Osvaldo gave Espanyol the lead just after halftime with Bonja Valero equalizing from the spot in the 80th minute .	Real Madrid beat Malaga 2-0 in the Bernabeu to cut Barcelona 's lead to five points Cristiano Ronaldo scores both goals but is sent off in the second half Third-placed Valencia held goalless by Tenerife
CNN  -- Ferrari 's team principal Stefano Domenicali has insisted there is no "  political intention " in the Italian marque 's decision to bear the country 's naval flag on their cars at the Indian Grand Prix . Both Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa will carry the symbol on their livery , a move that has been interpreted as a message of support for two Italian navy officers arrested after an incident that resulted in the death of two Indian fishermen in February . The officers are understood to have mistaken the fisherman for pirates who they thought were trying to attack an oil tanker they had been protecting . They were jailed in March and later bailed ahead of their trial . Ferrari posted a statement on their website on Wednesday that read : "  Ferrari will carry the flag of the Italian Navy on the cars driven by Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa in this weekend 's Indian Grand Prix . "  In doing so , Ferrari pays tribute to one of the outstanding entities of our country , also in the hope that the Indian and Italian authorities will soon find a solution to the situation currently involving two sailors from the Italian Navy . " Ferrari 's decision to bear the flag on their cars was applauded by Italy 's minister for foreign affairs , Giulio Terzi , who took it as a show of support for the sailors -- Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone . He wrote on his official Twitter page : "  Congratulations to Ferrari for displaying the the Navy 's symbol at the India GP . It will show the sailors the whole country is behind them . " Formula One 's governing body , the FIA , states clearly that it "  shall refrain from manifesting racial , political or religious discrimination in the course of its activities and from taking any action in this respect . " But when questioned about the flag at a press conference ahead of Sunday 's race in New Delhi , Domenicali was coy about the reasons behind it . "  I think that you have to refer to that  Ferrari 's statement  to be honest , and look what is written exactly , and the reason why we put that on , " he said in quotes carried on the sport 's official website . "  There 's not any political intention or discussion in that . If you look at that , that 's really what is written . "  If you look behind in the past we 've done a lot of initiatives but there 's nothing that I want to go into very specifically because it 's not really the place where I should do it . " AFP reported that Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone had said the matter should be dealt with by India 's national motorsport association , the Federation of Motor Sports Clubs of India  FMSCI  . "  What we 'd do , we 'd look at the national sporting authority  FMSCI  here to have a look at that ... we are not political , " Ecclestone was reported to have said in New Delhi . As for matters on the track , both Ferrari drivers trail behind reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel , who was quickest in both the morning and afternoon sessions . Red Bull 's German driver sits six points ahead of Alonso at the top of the drivers ' championship standings , as he goes in search of a third straight title . Vettel and teammate Mark Webber were over half a second quicker than Alonso in the second practice session with Nico Rosberg fourth fastest for Mercedes . Qualifying is on Saturday before the race on Sunday . "  The track improvement was quite big today , it was dusty to start and improved lap by lap , so I would n't be surprised if tomorrow the order is different , but we 've had worse Fridays , so I am happy , " Vettel told F1 's official website . Alonso , who has seen his championship lead eroded by Vettel in recent weeks , added : "  This is an interesting circuit : after the longest straight , there 's a combination of high-speed corners which are very nice to drive . "  Today the track was still very dirty , which is usually the case at new tracks that are n't used very often . Tomorrow , when it will deliver more grip , it will be even more fun . "	Ferrari denies making a political statement having the Italian navy flag on its F1 cars Marque says flag is there in hope Italy and India can settle a political dispute Two Italian sailors were arrested after incident that left two Indian fisherman dead Sebastian Vettel goes quickest in practice ahead of Indian Grand Prix in New Delhi
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Police evacuated a major department store in central Paris Tuesday after finding five sticks of dynamite inside , French police told CNN . Paris 's Printemps department store , which has been hit by a security alert , pictured last month . CNN affiliate BFM-TV reported the dynamite was not rigged to explode , but police did not immediately confirm the report . French news agency AFP said it received a letter in the mail Tuesday morning , claiming to be from an Afghan revolutionary group and saying that a bomb was at the renowned Printemps department store . The news agency alerted the police , who evacuated the store , AFP told CNN . The letter specified three locations where explosives had been placed , and urged the news agency to contact the police "  quickly or you will have blood on your hands , " according to a copy of the letter obtained by CNN which AFP confirmed was accurate . "  I assure you that this is not a prank , " the letter said . The bomb squad found the dynamite around 11 a.m.  5 a.m. ET  , police said . It is not clear if the explosives were found where the letter said they would be . See where Printemps is located in Paris " AFP said the letter was signed by a group called "  Front Revolutionaires Afghan , " or Afghan Revolutionary Front . BFM-TV reported the group is calling for the withdrawal of French troops from Afghanistan by the end of February 2009 . "  Make sure the message is relayed to your president of the republic that he withdraw his troops from our country  Afghanistan  before the end of February 2009 or we will strike again your capitalist department stores but without warning , " the letter said . It is the second time in a week that AFP has received a warning about the store . The agency said it received a phone call from a similar Afghan group a few days ago regarding the store , but at the time , police chose not to evacuate . Printemps , one of France 's most renowned stores , is popular with tourists and locals alike and located on the Boulevard Haussman . Most of the store reopened later in the day , although the area where the dynamite was found remained closed . Jim Bittermann , CNN 's senior European correspondent based in Paris , said : "  These kind of stores at this time of year are absolutely packed with shoppers . " He added that France has a considerable number of troops in Afghanistan . In August , 10 French soldiers were killed in fighting near the Afghan capital Kabul . French President Nicolas Sarkozy said earlier this year that his government was willing to commit more troops to the war in Afghanistan . "  We can not afford to see the Taliban and al Qaeda returning to Kabul , " Sarkozy said during a state visit to the UK in March . "  Whatever the cost , however difficult the victory , we can not afford it . We must win . " Paula Newton , CNN 's international security correspondent , said that the group involved was previously unheard of . "  This may be termed a hoax attack but it will cause real anxiety on the ground . " CNN 's Jim Bittermann and Niki Cook contributed to this report	Bomb squad found the suspicious package around 11 a.m.  5 a.m. ET Police : Could not confirm French TV reports that package contained dynamite Printemps is an upscale department store on the Boulevard Haussman Alert came after letter from group claiming Afghan links , criticizes Sarkozy
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A Moroccan man wanted for links to the Madrid train bombings in 2004 was brought to Spain from France on Wednesday , a Spanish police statement said . A photograph showing Moroccan-born suspect Said Rehou . The suspect , Said Rehou , 27 , born in Casablanca , Morocco , allegedly held indoctrination sessions for Islamic militants at his former Madrid home , the statement said . "  Various individuals who participated in those meetings later were implicated directly or indirectly in the Casablanca attacks of 2003 and the March 11 , 2004 , attacks in Madrid , " the statement said . The Madrid train bombings -- coordinated attacks on four morning-rush commuter trains -- killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800 . Spanish courts have convicted 14 Islamic militants for their roles in the Madrid bombings , along with four Spaniards , the latter for trafficking in explosives used in the attacks . Seven other prime Islamic suspects killed themselves in an explosion as police closed in on their hideout in a Madrid suburb three weeks after the bombings . The Casablanca bombings in May 2003 killed 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bombers . Rehou is wanted in Spain for belonging to a terrorist group , and is thought to have formed part of a cell created in Spain in 2002 , with the aim of recruiting fighters to carry out attacks in Morocco , Spain and other countries , the police statement said . The meetings at his home lasted six to eight hours , with the screening of videos that included sermons and scenes promoting holy war , the statement said .	Suspect Said Rehou allegedly held indoctrination sessions Madrid bombings killed 191 people in March 2004 Casablanca bombings in 2003 killed 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bombers
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The first commercial spacecraft to return from a low-Earth orbit landed in the Pacific Ocean Wednesday about 500 miles off the coast of southern California . SpaceX launched the spacecraft , called the Dragon , atop a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral , Florida , at 10:43 a.m. Wednesday . The spacecraft orbited Earth at more than 17,000 mph and then splashed down at 2 p.m. Eastern . The successful mission marked the first time a commercial firm recovered a spacecraft from a low orbit -- a feat performed by only six nations or government agencies : the United States , Russia , China , Japan , India and the European Space Agency . The landing was also the first flight under NASA 's Commercial Orbital Transportation Services program to develop commercial supply services to the International Space Station . NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said he deemed the mission a success . "  These new explorers are to spaceflight what Lindbergh was to commercial aviation , " Bolden said . "  While rocket launches from the Cape are considered a common occurrence , the historic significance of today 's achievement by SpaceX should not be lost . "  This is the first in a new generation of commercial launch systems that will help provide vital support to the International Space Station and may one day carry astronauts into orbit . This successful demonstration flight is an important milestone in meeting the objectives outlined by President Obama and Congress , and shows how government and industry can leverage expertise and resources to foster a new and vibrant space economy , " Bolden said .	NASA official cites "  historic significance of today 's achievement by SpaceX " The commercial firm SpaceX launches the Dragon spacecraft atop a Falcon 9 rocket Hours later , the spacecraft splashes down in the Pacific Ocean off California
CNN  -- The death toll from a shooting at a house party in the violence-plagued Mexican border city of Juarez has climbed to 14 , state media reported Sunday . Chihuahua State Attorney General Carlos Manuel Salas told reporters that another 14 people were injured when gunmen attacked the gathering of young people at a house party Friday , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . The victims killed were between ages 14 and 30 , Notimex said . Children as young as 7 and 11 were among the injured , the agency reported . Salas said authorities were investigating the backgrounds of all the victims . Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission said it was sending representatives to the neighborhood , which was near another home where cartel gunmen stormed a house party in January , killing 15 people . Most of the victims in that shooting were youths who had no ties to organized crime . Investigators said the January shooting was a case of mistaken identity caused by bad intelligence . It sparked widespread outrage in the violent border city , including calls for Mexican President Felipe Calderon to resign . In a news conference Saturday , the country 's deputy interior minister told reporters federal authorities will maintain the security strategy they are developing with state officials . "  We are here to address this deplorable and condemnable acts , and to ensure full support to local authorities investigating these unfortunate events , " deputy interior minister Juan Marcos Gutierrez said , according to Notimex . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	A prosecutor says 14 people were killed and 14 others were injured Authorities are investigating the backgrounds of the victims Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission is sending a team to the neighborhood
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. Kay Hagan 's campaign said late Wednesday the North Carolina Democrat missed a classified hearing last winter on the threat from the terrorist group ISIS to go to New York to raise money for her re-election . Hagan admitted earlier this week she did n't attend a hearing because she went to the fundraiser but did n't disclose which hearing she missed . Her decision to skip the Armed Services Committee session -- at which high-level administration intelligence officials filled in senators on top secret details about the group -- is drawing fire from her Republican opponent , North Carolina House Speaker Thom Tillis , who is narrowly trailing her in recent polls . The Feb. 27 , 2014 classified ISIS hearing she missed adds to a long list of Armed Services Committee hearings Hagan has already acknowledged skipping . Her aides had previously explained she missed 27 of 49 public hearings over the last two years because of scheduling conflicts with other Senate business , such as hearings for different committees and meetings with North Carolina constituents . Tillis is betting her absences from the national security hearings will hurt the first-term senator 's re-election effort in the Republican-leaning Tar Heel state -- which has a very large military population -- even though he too has faced criticism for missing work in the state capital in order to attend his own fundraisers . "  There is nothing more important than receiving briefings on our national security , " Tillis told reporters on a conference call Wednesday . "  It 's the top responsibility of every Member of Congress . Senator Hagen has failed to do her job . What is her excuse for not showing up to work over half the time ? " Tillis released an ad on Thursday slamming Hagan for missing hearings . Charges that incumbents have missed hearings , briefings , votes , and other official work are popping up in a several closely-fought Senate races this year . The notion that lawmakers are not showing at the jobs they were elected to do infuriates many voters and feeds a narrative that Washington is broken and office holders need to be replaced . Democratic campaign operatives in Washington , who are already battling headwinds in their effort to keep the Senate in Democratic control , conducted private polling on the question so they could fully understand its impact . The results showed the issue is very potent and could damage even seasoned candidates . Senate math seems impossible to some Democrats In this year 's midterm campaigns , Republican challengers have accused Democratic senators Mark Udall of Colorado and Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire of missing hearings related to the threat from the terrorist group ISIS . Rep. Bruce Braley , the Democratic candidate for Senate in Iowa , faced a barrage of TV ads accusing him of not appearing at hearings on the Veterans Administration 's recent health care scandal . "  When our veterans needed him , Bruce Braley was AWOL , " one TV ad this summer charged . In another tight race , Kentucky Democratic Senate candidate Allison Grimes blasted Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell for missing hearings of the agriculture and appropriations committees and suggested he was too busy with his leadership duties to deal with the needs of Kentuckians . The allegations that Hagan missed so many Armed Services Committee hearings first came to light last month . But at a news conference Tuesday night , following a debate with Tillis , Hagan was asked directly , "  Did you miss any of these meetings specifically for a fundraiser ? " "  You know , there was one , " she responded . "  And what had happened at that hearing , it was scheduled early in the day . And then votes were scheduled , and that hearing then had to be postponed later that day . So , yes , I did miss that one . " The fact that she skipped such an important hearing , at which the Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency took questions from senators on "  current and future worldwide threats to the national security of the United States , " according to the committee website , could prove politically difficult for voters to understand . On his conference call , Tillis was asked about why he missed work in the North Carolina House to raise campaign cash . He deflected the question but said , "  Quite honestly , if I had anything approaching the seriousness of the threat of ISIS , I would have canceled anything I was doing . " DSCC ad : Tillis in Koch brothers ' pocket Whether voters will accept Hagan 's and Tillis 's explanations remains to be seen . But one of the dirty little truths about the way Washington works is that lawmakers from both parties have very busy schedules and do n't attend all the hearings of the committees and subcommittees to which they are assigned . Even veteran senators from safe states will bristle at the suggestion they might have skipped a national security hearing or classified briefing to attend something that could be perceived as political in nature . That 's because they 've learned that voters do n't take it lightly .	Sen. Kay Hagan 's admission might hurt her chances at re-election Republican challenger Thom Tillis says Hagan "  failed to do her job " Similar charges have been made ahead of hard-fought midterms
CNN  Five young Chinese feminists , whose detention has provoked an international outcry , may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality . The women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities -- Beijing , Guangzhou and Hangzhou -- shortly before events they had planned for International Women 's Day on March 8 . Wang Qiushi , the lawyer for one of the women , Wei Tingting , said police had recommended on April 6 that prosecutors press charges of "  assembling a crowd to disturb public order . " Wang told CNN that prosecutors had to decide whether to pursue the charges within seven days of the submission -- by Monday . "  We hope that the prosecutors will not approve a formal arrest warrant , following the laws and standing up to pressure , " he said . "  But nobody knows what to expect till Monday ; we can do nothing but wait . " The five were initially held on suspicion of "  picking quarrels and provoking trouble . " Wang said he did n't know why the charge against the women changed . "  Neither should constitute a crime , " he said . Campaign group Amnesty International said the new charge was less serious but still carried a maximum jail term of five years . "  The women were doing nothing wrong , nothing illegal . They were simply calling for an end to sexual harassment , " William Nee , China researcher at Amnesty International told CNN . "  Everything they were doing was in line with China 's own laws and policies . " Wang said that Wei had been subject to lengthy cross examinations during her detention but was well the last time they met on March 31 . Two of the women are said to be in poor health . He added that the charges relate both to the activities the women planned for International Women 's Day and earlier campaigns against domestic violence and for more public toilets for women . The five -- who are members of China 's Women 's Rights Action Group -- had planned to hand out stickers printed with slogans saying "  stop sexual harassment , let us stay safe " and "  go police , go arrest those who committed sexual harassment ! " on women 's day . The detention of Wei , along with Wu Rongrong , Li Tingting , Wang Man and Zheng Churan has drawn harsh criticism from the international community . Protests have taken place in several cities , including Hong Kong , that urge Chinese officials to "  free the five . " A social media campaign also uses the phrase as a hashtag . On Monday , Hillary Clinton , former U.S. secretary of state , tweeted that the activists ' detention was "  inexcusable . " Her comment drew a rebuke from Chinese authorities , who said public figures should respect China 's sovereignty and independence . Maya Wang , China researcher at Human Rights Watch , said the activists were best known for their "  performance art " style protests -- occupying public toilets to highlight long lines at women 's restrooms , donning blood-spattered wedding gowns to protest domestic violence and shaving their heads to protest against barriers to higher education for women . "  These activists epitomize the spirit of the times . They are young , confident , ready to challenge established norms , " Wang said . As China prepares to mark the anniversary of landmark UN Fourth World Conference on Women in September , it will be hard for authorities to justify detaining the activists , she added .	Five young women have been detained by China since early March They campaigned against sexual harassment Their detention has attracted international criticism
Washington  CNN  -- After weeks of talking past each other , congressional leaders and President Barack Obama talked to each other Wednesday evening -- only to emerge evidently no closer to a deal to halt the government 's budget stalemate . The White House meeting , coming a day after the start of the federal government shutdown , served at least one purpose , in that key players in the debate gathered together in the same room for over an hour : Obama called it "  useful , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said it was "  worthwhile , " and House Speaker John Boehner cast it as a "  polite conversation . " But while the sides talked , there was no indication they agreed on anything or even shifted their views . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , for instance , went so far as to call it "  unproductive . " Neither side discussed any potential compromises , with Obama and Vice President Joe Biden doing most of the talking and Boehner making clear he wo n't go forward with a "  clean " funding bill -- with no Obamacare amendments -- a GOP congressional source said . Republicans , led by tea party conservatives in the House , have demanded provisions to defund or delay Obama 's signature Affordable Care Act be attached to any government spending plan , a strategy that Democrats have called a non-starter . Moreover , the parties are on the verge of another crisis -- over whether to raise the debt ceiling by October 17 , at which point the federal government wo n't be able to pay its bills . "  At times like this , the American people expect their leaders to come together to find ways to resolve their differences , " Boehner said . "  The president reiterated one more time tonight that he will not negotiate . " A few minutes later , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid claimed that it was Boehner -- not the president or his fellow Democrats -- who has refused to budge on budgetary matters , saying "  we 're through playing these little games . " Reid said Democratic leaders offered Boehner "  a lifeline " by setting up negotiations "  about anything that you want to talk about " so long as the House agrees to reopen the government first . "  I thought that they were concerned about the long-term fiscal affairs of this country . And we said , ` we are too . Let 's talk about it , ' " the Nevada Democrat said . "  My friend , John Boehner ... can not take yes for an answer . " In an interview with CNBC prior to the meeting , Obama said he was "  prepared to negotiate on anything " regarding the federal budget -- but only after Congress passes "  a clean piece of legislation that reopens the government " and allows the U.S. "  Treasury to pay for things that Congress itself already authorized . " "  Am I exasperated ? " Obama said of Boehner , who is under pressure from fiscal hawks , and is refusing to let the House vote on the Senate-approved spending plan . "  I am absolutely exasperated , because this is entirely unnecessary . " The president foreshadowed Boehner 's comments that he would n't negotiate with Republicans in their attempts to tie government funding to Obamacare changes . Doing so , the president said , would set a dangerous precedent . "  If we get in the habit where a few folks , an extremist wing of one party ... are allowed to extort concessions based on a threat of undermining the full faith and credit of the United States , then any president that comes after me ... will find themselves unable to govern effectively , " Obama said . "  And that is not something that I 'm going to allow to happen . " Americans hurt as DC ` squabbles like kids ' GOP spending measures unlikely to advance Fresh off having sent four separate proposals tying funding the government to either delaying or defunding Obamacare -- each of which was rejected by the Senate -- the GOP-led House continued to work Wednesday , albeit on another plan Democrats say wo n't go anywhere . A day after an initial effort failed because the short-term proposals comprising a tiny portion of the overall federal budget lacked the necessary two-thirds majority support due to Democratic opposition , the House passed -- with majority support -- bills to fund national parks , the National Institutes of Health and District of Columbia operations . The incremental approach pushed by Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas seeks to pressure Democrats to approve spending for programs that Republicans like , but not Obamacare . Yet Obama has signaled he 'd veto those measures should they reach his desk . That 's unlikely , given that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has dismissed the GOP approach as "  reckless and irresponsible . " Shutdown ` extremely damaging ' to U.S. intelligence operations While expressing openness to budgetary negotiations generally , Democrats have said they 'll only talk after Congress passes a clean spending measure . Both Democrats and Republicans say such a bill would pass the House with support from the Democratic minority and moderate Republicans . So far , Boehner has succumbed to pressure from the tea party right to avoid a vote that would pass something without causing some harm to the health care reforms . One problem is that conservative House Republicans from home districts with no realistic Democratic challenge feel emboldened to pursue a more extremist ideology backed by their supporters , CNN Chief National Correspondent John King said . "  More people say raise the debt ceiling and fight the health care debate somewhere else , " he noted . "  But there 's enough here , if you think of a Republican going home to his district , there 's enough here to understand why the Republicans think they 're on safe ground dragging this out . " Decision to raise debt ceiling , or risk default , looms The looming debt crisis could pose even more headaches , and confrontation , in the coming weeks . Failing to raise it may mean a U.S. default on its debt , something Obama stressed in Wednesday 's White House meeting that the country ca n't afford to do , according to Reid . Obama offered no indication that he 'll budge . Noting that such Republican brinkmanship in 2011 led to the first-ever downgrade of the U.S. credit rating , the president said Tuesday he "  will not negotiate over Congress ' responsibility to pay bills it 's already racked up . " Writing the same day in USA Today , Boehner dug in his heels on the issue , saying "  there is no way Congress can or should pass such a bill without spending cuts and reforms to deal with the debt and deficit . " Raising the debt ceiling ? Still , that crisis is still a few weeks away . The government shutdown is the one currently affecting hundreds of thousands of furloughed government workers , not to mention millions of others who rely on government programs , visit national parks and have some other type of interaction with affected programs . One moderate Republican who has backed a clean spending measure , Rep. Michael Grimm of New York , said that "  both sides have dug in . " Democrats , who he said "  wo n't even have a discussion , " put House Republicans in a tight spot where they feel compelled to hold their ground or else "  set a bad precedent that the Senate would be somewhat dictating how the House runs . " But if Democrats agreed to listen , Grimm expressed optimism "  that we would put a package together and solve the problems at once , so we can get the government funded , stop the shutdown , and also deal with the debt ceiling so we do n't have another crisis a week or two away from now . " Government shutdown forces clinical trial patients to wait Pelosi said that scores of Democrats have reluctantly offered to back a plan to fund the entire government at a figure that 's been bandied about by Republicans , albeit well below what her party members want . The other option would be to reconcile budgets passed by both chambers earlier this year in a conference committee , as is Washington custom . But what Democrats wo n't stand for , Pelosi said , is GOP legislators shuttering the government due to their opposition to Obamacare , which previously passed through Congress and withstood a Supreme Court challenge . "  That 's not what our Constitution had in mind : that if you do n't like something , you threaten to shut down the government , " the California Democrat said . "  It 's not that kind of system . " A blow to the economy The shutdown of the government -- the country 's largest employer -- is n't happening all at once . Federal employees who are considered essential will continue working . Those deemed non-essential -- up to 800,000 -- could be furloughed , unsure when they 'll be able to work or get paid again . The shutdown could cost the still-struggling U.S. economy about $ 1 billion a week in pay lost by furloughed federal workers . And that 's only the tip of the iceberg . Congress still gets paid While many agencies have reserve funds and contingency plans that would give them some short-term leeway , the economic effect would snowball as the shutdown continued . The total economic impact is likely to be at least 10 times greater than the simple calculation of lost wages of federal workers , said Brian Kessler , economist with Moody 's Analytics . His firm estimates that a three - to four-week shutdown would cost the economy about $ 55 billion . And it 's already had political ramifications extending beyond the United States . On Wednesday , Obama canceled planned visits next week to Malaysia and the Philippines as part of an Asian swing that will include a summit of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations on Bali . Obama will still attend the ASEAN summit , his office said . CNN 's Tom Cohen wrote and reported from Washington , and CNN 's Greg Botelho did the same from Atlanta . CNN 's Brianna Keilar , Athena Jones , Dana Bash , Jim Acosta and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Senate Minority Leader McConnell calls White House meeting "  unproductive " NEW : Neither side discussed any potential compromise , a GOP source says An ` exasperated ' Obama says no negotiations until the government reopens The government shut down began on Tuesday in a stalemate over spending
CNN  -- Two hijackers who took over a plane flying from Sudan 's Darfur region on Tuesday and diverted it to Libya surrendered to authorities Wednesday , Libyan state media said . The hijacked plane took off from near the Darfur refugee camp of Kalma , which was attacked earlier in the week . The official news agency JANA said the two hijackers surrendered to Libyan authorities in the eastern town of Kufra , where the plane landed , and they were being detained in a hall in the airport there . Their identities were not released . Earlier , the hijackers had released all 87 passengers aboard the plane , but had held on to six crew members while they negotiated with Libyan officials through the pilot about passage to France , JANA said . Libyan officials tried to persuade the hostage-takers to surrender as the hijackers demanded fuel to fly the plane to Paris , France . No details were provided as to how the two surrendered . All of the remaining hostages were freed , and JANA said 20 Sudanese officials were en route to the airport . Libya will send a plane to return the passengers and crew to Khartoum , Sudan , the plane 's original destination , JANA said . The Sun Air Boeing 737 airliner was about 10 minutes into a flight from Niyala , Sudan , to Khartoum on Tuesday when the pilot called the control tower and told officials the plane had been hijacked and was heading to Kufra , Sun Air airlines official Murtada Hassan Jumaa told the Al-Arabiya news channel . The hijackers at first wanted to land the plane in Egypt , but the Egyptian government refused them permission , John Ukec , Sudan 's ambassador to the United States , said Tuesday . Khaled Deeb , an Al-Jazeera reporter in Tripoli , Libya , said Libyan authorities allowed the plane to land only because the hijackers said they were low on fuel -- "  for humanitarian reasons and nothing else . " "  The fact that the plane was kidnapped from Darfur indicates that one of the militant groups may have prepared for this operation , and the fact that they want to go to France adds more to that theory , " Deeb said Tuesday . "  The hijackers do n't have any clear demands except for fuel and then heading to France . " -- CNN 's Mustafa Al-Arab contributed to this report	NEW : Two hijackers surrender to Libyan authorities Hijackers earlier released passengers but had kept crew as hostages Sudan plane hijacked shortly after taking off from Darfur region for Khartoum Hijackers reportedly wanted fuel to fly to France ; no other demands known
Washington  CNN  -- A spokeswoman for James Clapper said the embattled director of national intelligence stands by remarks he made Thursday "  about the current military situation in Libya " that prompted a leading Republican senator to call for his resignation . The Obama administration also said Clapper still has its "  full faith and confidence . " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee , issued a statement criticizing Clapper 's testimony , made during a committee hearing earlier in the day , that Moammar Gadhafi 's regime would "  prevail " over rebels seeking to oust the 68-year-old dictator from power in Libya . "  His comments will make the situation more difficult for those opposing Gadhafi , " said Graham , adding they undercut U.S. efforts and should not have been made in a public forum . Graham cited two previous occasions in which Clapper made misstatements , and said his comments on the Libya situation "  should be the final straw . " Jamie Smith , director of public affairs for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence , said that Clapper 's testimony "  provided a snapshot of the relative strengths and weaknesses of the regime and the opposition . As he stated in his testimony , the situation in Libya is very fluid . " "  Many factors will come into play over time including the pressure being brought to bear by the international community as well as the Libyan people 's clear desire for change , " Smith said . "  As this dynamic situation evolves , the Intelligence Community will continue to provide its best assessment of the current situation as well as identify opportunities that project into the future . " Clapper 's comment on Libya was not the only one that got him in trouble with some members of the armed services committee . In an exchange with Democratic Sens. Carl Levin of Michigan and Joe Manchin of West Virginia over what nation posed the greatest threat to the United States , the director focused his responses on the chief nuclear rivals , China and Russia , rather than on the regimes in North Korea and Iran , which are openly belligerent . Clapper went on to clarify his answer , to which Levin gave lukewarm acceptance , but later Thursday , Senate Intelligence Chairman Dianne Feinstein , D-California , called the director 's response on the threat issue "  a problem " and , when asked by CNN , pointedly declined to say she had confidence in him . "  On the question on the two nations with the greatest intent to harm ours , I do not believe they 're China and Russia , " said Feinstein , who was not at the hearing . "  I do n't understand why that was put out there . So , that 's a problem . " Asked whether Clapper has problems communicating , Feinstein responded , "  I do n't know what it is and I 'm not going to speculate , but clearly there 's a problem ... I would like the opportunity to look more deeply into it , OK ? " Other senators , including John McCain , R-Arizona , and Joseph Lieberman , a Connecticut independent who caucuses with Democrats , expressed support for Clapper . McCain said the director was "  doing a very fine job . " White House press secretary Jay Carney defended Clapper and said his words were misinterpreted . "  If you look closely at the transcript of what Director Clapper said , he was answering a question with regard to military capacity , " Carney said . "  Obviously , Russia and China are two of the three largest nuclear powers in the world , therefore they have dangerous weapons and they have the capacity , but he made clear that we do not view Russia and China as a threat . " And in a follow-up answer regarding Clapper 's Libya statement , Carney said Graham 's response "  was based on a real misinterpretation of what Director Clapper said today . " Asked if the president still had confidence in Clapper , Carney said , "  Yes , full faith and confidence . " In a conference-call phone briefing Thursday night , National Security Adviser Tom Donilon said he believed Clapper "  was presenting a kind of a flat-out resources analysis " of the situation in Libya . "  He went through the kind of equipment and resources that the regime has . " Donilon said . "  And I think if you look at it , he said from a standpoint of attrition , if you do an attrition analysis , you get to his conclusion . " In the same conference call , Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes addressed the issue of specific adversary nations , saying the issue is "  a matter of capability  in the case of China and Russia  versus intent " to be a U.S. adversary "  that leads you to focus on nations such as North Korea , organizations such as al Qaeda , who again are a great focus of what we do here every day . " That seemed to be the thrust of Clapper 's protracted exchange on Thursday after Manchin asked Clapper what nations he thought posed the greatest threat to the United States . Clapper said Russia and China posed a mortal threat , citing their nuclear arsenals and military capabilities . But he added that he did n't think either nation had the intent to strike the United States . That clearly was not the answer Levin expected . . "  You did n't mention Iran or North Korea , which would have been the first two countries I would have thought of in response to that question , " the committee chairman . "  I was really kind of taken aback almost by your answer . " Clapper explained that he interpreted the question to be what countries pose a "  mortal threat " to the United States . "  Iran and North Korea are , you know of great concern . I do n't know at this point in time they pose a direct mortal threat to the continental United States , " he said . Levin pressed Clapper on whether Russia and China were a direct mortal threat to the United States , and Clapper reiterated that they both had the capability , but it was unlikely they had the intent . Levin then flipped the question : "  By that measure we represent the direct mortal threat to both of them , right ? " Clapper seemed to avoid a direct answer but eventually answered yes . Manchin stepped in to to see if he could clarify Clapper 's position by asking which nation has the intent to be the greatest adversary . Clapper answered , "  Probably China , " which once again set Levin off . "  I 'm just as surprised by that answer as I was by your first answer , " Levin said . Clapper tried to explain that he was "  loath " to pick one country and restated that both China and Russia have the capability , but he did n't think either had the intent . Levin suggested Clapper needs to be more careful with his words . "  When the Director of National Intelligence talks about what are the greatest threats , unless he starts with capabilities , and uses that , and does n't just answer ` China and Russia ' the way he did -- I was concerned by the answer . " After the hearing , Levin issued a statement saying , "  I was taken aback by Director Clapper 's statement about China and Russia and , frankly , I was surprised by how long it took him to correct the impression that he created . He did finally correct it , however , and I am glad that he did , and I am satisfied with his correction . " This is n't the first time Clapper has had to explain comments he has made . He was called on the carpet last month for referring to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt as a secular organization at another Congressional hearing . And during an interview with ABC News in December 2010 , Clapper appeared unaware of a terrorist plot that had been interrupted in Britain earlier in the day . In both cases , the Office of the Director of National Intelligence put out statements on Clapper 's behalf . In the instance of the ABC News interview , the office said the director had not been briefed on the UK terror plot .	NEW : Spokeswoman says Clapper is standing by his comments on Libya NEW : National security adviser : Clapper was giving a "  flat-out resources analysis " In testimony , he said Libyan regime would "  prevail " over rebels , prompting criticism His statement that China , Russia pose greatest threat to U.S. irks Sen. Carl Levin
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  A suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern Afghanistan on Thursday , killing 17 people and wounding dozens more , police said . An Afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of Khost was among the 64 people wounded , said Faizullah Ghairat , the provincial police chief . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack . No other organization has so far claimed responsibility . Humayoon Humayoon , an Afghan member of parliament for Khost province , and the other protesters were on their way to join a larger rally against the provincial governor , according to Zahir Jan , an eyewitness . The suicide attack hit the group around 10 a.m. local time , police said . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	An Afghan lawmaker is among 64 people wounded in the attack , police say Taliban spokesman denies his group was responsible for the attack
CNN  -- Syria has been killing civilians and international powers have failed to intervene . The United States has killed people with drones and listened in on private communications in the name of national security . Russia has passed laws that target gays and lesbians . These are some of the trends in 2013 that Human Rights Watch  HRW  cited in its annual account of human rights records around the world on Tuesday . In a 667-page report , the New York-based group highlighted key human rights issues in more than 90 countries , drawing on events through November . HRW executive director Kenneth Roth presented the account , the 24th of its kind , at a press conference in Berlin . Below are some of the issues in focus . Syria Human Rights Watch deplored international powers for failing in their responsibility to protect civilians in Syria after almost three years of civil war that has claimed more than 100,000 lives . A day before international negotiations begin in Switzerland , the group contrasted the handling of the conflict with the reaction of the international community in other countries such as Central African Republic and South Sudan . It said "  the unchecked slaughter of civilians in Syria elicited global horror and outrage but not enough to convince world leaders to exert the pressure needed to stop it . " It accused Russia and China of using their vetoes at the United Nations Security Council to shield the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from strong international action , such as an arms embargo or referral to the International Criminal Court . "  Despite a swiftly rising death toll and horrific abuses , Russia and China neutered the UN Security Council and enabled the killing of Syrian civilians by both sides , " Roth said in a statement . "  As the Geneva II peace talks begin , with uncertain prospects of success , they should n't become the latest excuse to avoid action to protect Syrian civilians . This requires real pressure to stop the killing and allow the delivery of the humanitarian aid they need to survive . " A team of internationally renowned war crimes prosecutors and forensic experts has found "  direct evidence " of "  systematic torture and killing " by al-Assad 's regime , the lawyers on the team have said in a new report . Egypt The HRW report also highlighted alleged abuses in struggling democracies , calling Egypt the "  most glaring " example of "  abusive majoritarianism . " The report criticized the government of the country 's first democratically elected president , Mohamed Morsy , which it said ruled "  in a manner that left secular and minority groups fearing exclusion in an Islamist-dominated government " . In the wake of Morsy 's military-backed ouster in July , the interim government of General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi had launched what HRW said was the "  worst repression that Egypt has known in decades , including by killing hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood protesters . " "  For the second time since the fall of  former leader Hosni  Mubarak in February 2011 , a government is in power with little apparent inclination to limit itself by respecting basic rights , " HRW said . Authorities have cracked down on the Muslim Brotherhood since Morsy 's ouster , rounding up the movement 's leaders and making membership illegal . Egypt passes a new constitution United States President Barack Obama 's record on national security issues came under fire from HRW -- from the continued existence of the detention center in Guantanamo Bay to what the group called the unlawful killing of civilians through drone attacks in countries such as Pakistan , Somalia and Yemen . Another major topic concerned the revelations of "  virtually unchecked mass electronic surveillance " by the United States made public by fugitive and former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden . While HRW credited Obama for appointing a panel to recommend reforms , it questioned "  whether any of these recommendations will be acted on . " In a speech on Friday , Obama unveiled new guidance for gathering intelligence as well as reforms intended to balance what he called the nation 's vital security needs with concerns over privacy and civil liberties . HRW expressed concern other governments , including those will a poor rights record , could follow the American example in surveillance , forcing "  user data to stay within their own borders , setting up the potential for increased Internet censorship . " In addition , the group chided Washington for attempting to prosecute Snowden under the Espionage Act , noting that this had allowed Russia , which has offered Snowden temporary sanctuary , to "  recast itself as a champion of privacy rights . " What Obama changed at the NSA Russia HRW highlighted "  homophobic rhetoric , including by officials , and rising homophobic violence " in Russia , which last year passed a law that bans even discussion of homosexuality anywhere that children might hear it . The legislation , which President Vladimir Putin signed in June , gives authorities the power to impose fines as well as detain and deport foreigners who are deemed to have breached the law . Putin says gays ` can feel safe ' at the games "  Vigilante groups , consisting of radical nationalists , and Neo-Nazis , lure men or boys to meetings , accuse them of being gay , humiliate and beat them , and post videos of the proceedings on social media , " HRW said in the report . "  A few investigations were launched , but have not yet resulted in effective prosecution . " Authorities in Russia , which will host the Winter Olympics in Sochi next month , have also continued the crackdown on civil society and government critics that began in 2012 , it said . Enforcement of the "  foreign agents " law in 2013 led to an unprecedented , nationwide inspection campaign of hundreds of nongovernmental organizations and court cases , it said . HRW dismissed Putin 's decision late last year to free jailed activists from the punk band Pussy Riot and environmental group Greenpeace , as well as Kremlin critic Mikhail Khodorkovsky as attempts to avoid international criticism ahead of the Winter Olympics . "  The effect was largely to highlight the arbitrariness " of Mr. Putin 's government , the report said . China While it announced the abolition of "  the abusive administrative detention system Re-education Through Labor , relaxation of the one-child policy , and plans to improve the delivery of justice ,  China 's new leadership  has yet to embark on fundamental reforms that adequately respond to the public 's increased demands for justice and accountability , " HRW said . The group said it was particularly concerned about the arrests of activists who have campaigned for officials to publicly disclose their assets despite the government 's declared crackdown on graft . Other areas of concern include a government campaign to stifle online rumors , and repressive policies in the restive ethnic minority regions of Tibet and Xinjiang , it said . HRW said international pressure on China over its human rights situation was "  inconsistent " last year , saying that some countries , such as France and Britain , had toned down criticism in summits with the Chinese leadership . "  China is home to more than a billion people and is a major global power , so how the rest of the world addresses its human rights situation is more vital than ever , " HRW Asia director Brad Adams said in a statement . China has consistently defended its human rights record and lambasted foreign groups which criticize it .	Human Rights Watch releases annual report looking at more than 90 countries International countries failing to protect Syrian civilians , report says President Obama 's record on national security issues under fire Reports highlights alleged abuses in struggling democracies
London  CNN  The operation guarding WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , who is holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London , is "  sucking our resources in , " police say , as costs spiral to more than 10 million pounds  $ 15.3 million  . Metropolitan Police Commissioner Bernard Hogan-Howe says the operation is being reviewed , as there 's "  no doubt it 's a drain . " Assange has been living in the embassy since June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden , where prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . The Australian national has not been charged and denies the claims , saying he fears Sweden would extradite him to the United States , where he could face the death penalty if he is charged and convicted of publishing government secrets through WikiLeaks . On the operation to prevent Assange from fleeing the embassy , Hogan-Howe told LBC Radio that Metropolitan Police were looking at "  how we can do that differently in the future , because it 's sucking our resources in . " Asked if that meant fewer officers stationed around the clock outside the embassy , Hogan-Howe added : "  We wo n't talk specifically about our tactics , but we are reviewing what options we have . " The cost of providing a constant police presence ready to arrest Assange should he emerge from the embassy in Knightsbridge , central London , is estimated at 10 million pounds , a Scotland Yard spokesman told CNN . Assange has said the extradition warrant should be thrown out because , in part , Swedish authorities refuse to interview him at the Ecuadorian Embassy , thereby prolonging a preliminary investigation that he says should have concluded long ago . Assange rocketed to international fame when WikiLeaks began publishing secret government documents online . After it published the procedures manual for the U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in 2007 , it posted documents related to U.S. activities in Iraq and Afghanistan , and diplomatic cables from U.S. embassies . In August 2010 , Swedish prosecutors issued an arrest warrant for Assange over the allegations of sexual assault from two female WikiLeaks volunteers . He turned himself in to London authorities the same year , and was remanded in custody . At the time , a judge ruled that he should be extradited to Sweden , and Assange launched a series of appeals that went all the way to the British Supreme Court . It denied his appeal . In June 2012 , Assange fled to the Ecuadorian Embassy to seek asylum , which was granted in August of the same year . He 's been living at the embassy in London since then . Elaine Ly contributed to this report .	There 's an operation guarding WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London London Police Commissioner Bernard Hogan-Howe says the operation is being reviewed , as there 's "  no doubt it 's a drain " Assange has been in the embassy since June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden to answer to sex assault claims
CNN  -- Current TV 's co-founders , including former Vice President Al Gore , announced Friday that the network has ousted its highest-profile on-air personality , Keith Olbermann . "  Current was ... founded on the values of respect , openness , collegiality and loyalty to our viewers , " Gore and Joel Hyatt wrote in an "  open letter " to viewers on the network 's website . "  Unfortunately these values are no longer reflected in our relationship with Keith Olbermann , and we have ended it . " Olbermann responded sharply in a series of Twitter messages Friday , saying that for more than a year he has been "  imploring " Gore and Hyatt "  to resolve our issues internally . " He did not specify what those issues were . "  Nevertheless , Mr. Gore and Mr. Hyatt , instead of abiding by their promises and obligations and investing in a quality news program , finally thought it was more economical to try to get out of my contract , " the left-wing news personality wrote . "  It goes almost without saying that the claims against me in Current 's statement are untrue and will be proved so in the legal actions I will be filing against them presently , " Olbermann added , vowing later that the "  truth of the ethics " of Gore and Hyatt eventually "  will come out . " Besides its statement , Current TV offered no further comment . This marks the second time in 15 months that Olbermann has abruptly left a news network . In January 2011 , he cut ties with MSNBC after eight years . In that time , the former sports news anchor became a favorite of progressives for challenging rivals at Fox News and elsewhere . But he also faced criticism and publicly aired his frustrations with NBC 's management . The 53-year-old was suspended from MSNBC for two days after the news website Politico revealed that he had made donations to three Democrats . Weeks after leaving MSNBC , Olbermann inked a deal with Current Media , a company founded by Gore and Hyatt . Besides hosting and producing his new prime-time nightly news and commentary show , Olbermann was named Current Media 's chief news officer and had an equity stake in the company . He relaunched his signature "  Countdown " show last June , showcasing a host of liberal-leaning guests and the return of his "  Special Comment " segment . In his Twitter statement Friday , Olbermann said that his decision to join Current was "  sincere and well intentioned ... on my part , but in retrospect a foolish one . " "  That lack of judgment is mine and mine alone , and I apologize again for it , " he wrote . His immediate replacement in the network 's 8 p.m. slot will be former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer , Gore and Hyatt announced . Spitzer hosted a prime-time CNN show from September 2010 until last July , when "  In the Arena " was canceled as part of an evening lineup shuffle . He had resigned as New York 's governor in 2008 after it was revealed that he visited a high-priced prostitute . He joins a network -- whose current president , David Bohrman , was CNN 's former Washington bureau chief -- that is available via cable or satellite TV in 60 million U.S. households and in an additional 11 million internationally , according to Current 's website . The network notes that it has won two Emmys , a Peabody award and various other honors .	NEW : Keith Olbermann says he was "  foolish " to join Current in the first place The left-wing news personality hits Current TV 's founders and promises legal action Current 's "  values " were "  no longer reflected " in its tie with Olbermann , its founders say Eliot Spitzer is launching a new show in Olbermann 's 8 p.m. slot
CNN  -- A man who in 2001 ran over five people , killing four of them , then exclaimed he was the "  angel of death , " will be transferred from a California mental hospital to a less restrictive facility . David Attias , son of director Daniel Attias , has been at Patton State Hospital in San Bernardino , California , for the past 10 years . On February 23 , 2001 , David Attias sped down a road in Isla Vista , near the campus of the University of California-Santa Barbara . He ran over five people and hit nine parked cars . Elie Israel , Chris Divis , Nick Bourdakis and Ruth Levy died that night and Ruth 's brother , Albert , suffered debilitating injuries . Attias was reportedly forcibly detained by witnesses that night and told them he was the "  angel of death . " He was convicted in June 2002 of four murders , but a week later a jury ruled him not guilty by reason insanity . This month , Judge Thomas R. Adams ruled that Attias can be released from the hospital and be treated at a less restrictive facility . But if Attias "  falters in his treatment rehabilitation " he will be sent back to Patton hospital . "  The David Attias that was called to testify by the prosecution was clearly not the same vacant , troubled and confused David Attias that this court first became acquainted with in 2001 . " Santa Barbara Senior Deputy District Attorney Paula Waldman told CNN affiliate KTLA that Attias , now 30 , should stay at Patton State Hospital . "  You ca n't ignore history , " Waldman said , according to the KTLA report . "  Every scientist will tell you the best predictor of the future is the past . He is a violent human being . " One of the victims ' fathers agreed . "  A lot of people , unfortunately , could get hurt , " Tony Bourdakis told KTLA . Attias ' attorney , public defender Deedrea Edgar , said he will still get around-the-clock state supervision at the new facility . He just wo n't be behind walls and barbed wire anymore , she said . In the ruling , Adams said he heard from seven witnesses and only one health professional objected to Attias being released . That person had never met Attias , the judge noted . Adams wrote that each defense witness said Attias was no longer a danger to others .	David Attias has been behind the walls of a mental hospital for 10 years He will now get treatment at an outpatient facility He killed four people in 2001 when he plowed his car down a California street He was convicted then pronounced not guilty by reason of insanity
CareerBuilder.com  -- Charlie Sheen 's latest controversy shows that one of the easiest ways to damage your career or end your job is to say bad things about your boss . Over the past 10 years , he 's faced accusations of violence and threats against ex-wife Denise Richards and currently estranged wife Brooke Mueller . And most recently , the dicey details of his alleged drug and alcohol fueled binges have become a fixture in the national media . Watch : Sheen denies hitting women By and large , his employers have tended to ignore his private life . But even Charlie Sheen ca n't badmouth his boss and get away with it . On February 24 , Sheen called into syndicated radio program "  The Alex Jones Show , " during which he went on an angry rant about -- among other things -- "  Two and a Half Men " creator Chuck Lorre . Sheen called Lorre a "  turd " and a "  clown . " A day after the outburst , production of "  Men , " which was in the middle of filming its eighth season , was immediately stopped . After all of his antics , Sheen lost his job apparently for calling his boss names . You do n't have to announce your hatred for your manager on a syndicated radio program to get fired . Comments on Facebook , Twitter or even at the water cooler can cost you your job . Here are six examples of why it 's never a good idea to bad mouth the boss , and an expert 's advice on how you can better handle your frustrations . 1 . Gen. Stanley McChrystal was forced to resign from his post as the commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan last summer , after his off-color comments about both Vice President Joe Biden and the Obama administration in general were published in an article for Rolling Stone . 2 . A British newspaper reported a U.K. woman was fired after posting on her Facebook page , "  OMG I HATE MY JOB !! My boss is a total pervvy  sic  w ** ker , always making me do s ** t stuff just to p ** s me off !! W ** ker ! " The women had apparently forgotten that she was friends with her boss on Facebook . A few hours after she posted her rant , her boss replied with a comment of his own , which ended , "  And lastly , you also seem to have forgotten that you have two weeks left on your six-month trial period . Do n't bother coming in tomorrow . I 'll pop your P45 in the post and you can come in whenever you like to pick up any stuff you 've left here . And yes , I 'm serious . " 3 . In June 2010 , Andrew Kurtz , a 24-year old Pittsburgh Pirates ' mascot , was fired after posting a comment to his Facebook page about team president Frank Coonelly 's decision to extend the contracts of two of the Pirates ' managers . Within hours of Kurtz posting the comment -- "  Coonelly extended the contracts of Russell and Huntington through the 2011 season . That means a 19-straight losing streak . Way to go Pirates " -- Kurtz was fire , according to the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette . 4 . Four women who worked for the town of Hooksett , New Hampshire , lost their jobs in 2007 , after they were caught discussing a rumor that their boss , town administrator David Jodoin , was having an affair with another female employee . Two of the women subsequently made an appeal to get their jobs back , claiming they had been wrongfully fired , but the appeal was denied . 5 . In a bit of a twist , Brazilian football team Palmeiras fired its manager after he made a comment on Twitter that he hoped one of his players -- who 'd skipped practice with no explanation -- would be traded to a rival team . 6 . Dawnmarie Souza , a Connecticut employee of American Medical Response , was fired after badmouthing her boss on her Facebook page . Among other insults , Souza implied that her boss should have been a psychiatric patient . Souza 's firing prompted the National Labor Relations Board to file a case against AMR in October 2010 , on the grounds that AMR 's policy against workers discussing the company negatively on the Internet was in violation of NLRB guidelines . The case was settled in early February , and AMR agreed to amend its policies . The lesson to be learned from all of these outbursts is one of communication , says Kerry Patterson , co-author of the New York Times best-seller "  Crucial Conversations : Tools for Talking When Stakes are High . " CareerBuilder.com : Jobs before they were president "  Employees typically badmouth their boss when they are angry and do n't know how to confront their boss about the issue , " he says . "  One of the problems with badmouthing is you typically communicate emotions harsher than you actually feel and will most likely regret your words later . " A better approach , Patterson says , is to directly address the issue you 're having . "  Regain your composure and choose to problem solve , rather than badmouth . With the right set of skills , you can respectfully confront your boss before you act out in ways that could eventually cost you your job . " The following are Patterson 's guidelines for constructive confrontation . • Do n't address the matter when you 're irritated : "  This is ineffective because at that point our goal is no longer to be constructive , it 's to punish . Before opening your mouth , ask yourself , ` What do I really want ? ' " • Establish respect : "  Begin by clarifying your respect and your intent . Help your boss understand that your intent is to provide a different viewpoint you feel will help achieve your mutual goal . " • Remain objective : "  Describe your concerns with facts first . Do n't lead with your judgments or conclusions . Start by describing in non-judgmental and objective terms the behaviors that are creating problems . If your boss becomes defensive , pause for a moment and check in . Reassure them of your positive intentions and allow them to express any concerns they have . " • Give your boss a turn : "  Finally , having shared your concerns , encourage your boss to share their perspective . Invite dialogue . The result of your openness will be a greater openness on your boss 's part as well . " & copy CareerBuilder.com 2010 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	You can get fired for posting a negative comment about your boss on Facebook Confront your boss before you act out in ways that could cost you your job Begin the conversation by clarifying your respect and your intent After you 've voiced your concerns , encourage your boss to share his perspective
CNN  -- "  America 's Got Talent " found a magical winner for season nine . On Wednesday 's finale of the NBC show , magician Mat Franco beat singer Emily West for the championship . Franco won a $ 1 million prize and will get to headline the "  America 's Got Talent " show in Las Vegas . The winner searched for words when host Nick Cannon asked him how he felt before finally settling on , "  Un-freaking believable . " Judges Howie Mandel , Heidi Klum , Mel B and Howard Stern would probably use the same phrase for some of the card tricks Franco showed them this season . Last week , he surprised judges with a reappearing card , and during the finale he managed to relocate cards from some surprising places . Singer West may have lost to Franco , but the runner-up sounded just as pleased with the final decision . "  This has been the most unbelievable experience , " West told host Cannon . "  Thank you ` AGT , ' thank you Mat Franco for winning and taking on the world . I am very honored . Thank you so much for having me on your beautiful show ; it changed my life . " Indeed , West got the opportunity to do a duet with Cyndi Lauper during Wednesday 's finale . Their performance was n't the only shining set of the evening . Quintavious Johnson , 12 , one of six contestants to make it to the finale , ended the season with a winning duet featuring Jennifer Hudson . Hudson and Lauper were just two of the stars who showed up for the season finale : Ed Sheeran , Train , Lenny Kravitz and Pitbull also performed .	Winner receives $ 1 million prize on Wednesday 's season finale Episode featured performances from Cyndi Lauper , Jennifer Hudson and Train
CNN  -- Organizers of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar have responded to criticism over the plight of migrant workers on stadia and infrastructure projects by saying Tuesday that "  tangible progress " had been made in addressing widespread concerns over their welfare . They published an updated 50-page "  workers ' charter " -- developed in consultation with the International Labor Organization -- detailing measures to improve wages , accommodation as well as promising regular inspections . FIFA had set the Qatari authorities a deadline of February 12 to give an update on measures to improve conditions for workers . Theo Zwanziger , a senior member of the world governing body 's executive committee , is to report its findings to the European parliament Thursday . Zahir Belounis , a French Algerian striker who was trapped in Qatar after a dispute with his club , is also to due to appear to give his perspective . FIFA acted after its president Sepp Blatter condemned working conditions in the Gulf state as "  unacceptable " as he responded to damning reports last year from Amnesty International and the International Trade Union Confederation  ITUC  . They detailed systematic abuse and the ITUC claimed that fatal construction injuries were eight times higher in Qatar than other developed nations , with migrant workers from India and Nepal the worst affected . ` We have always believed that Qatar 's hosting of the World Cup would be a catalyst to accelerate positive initiatives , already being undertaken by Qatar , which will leave a legacy of enhanced , sustainable and meaningful progress in regards to worker welfare across the country , " said Hassan Al Thawadi , the secretary general of Qatar 's Supreme Committee for Delivery and Legacy . "  We already see this progress taking place across Qatar on a daily basis , and will continue to work hard to make our vision become the ever-present reality on the ground . ' Nicholas McGeehan , the Gulf researcher of Human Rights Watch , one of the most trenchant critics of the Qatari government , told CNN that its authorities "  deserve credit for its efforts to improve standards on the projects within its control " -- but he urged caution . "  They not guaranteeing workers ' rights to change employer , or their right to leave the country or their right to bargain collectively for decent pay and conditions if things go wrong . "  If the Qatari government is serious about reform it should apply these standards to the whole migrant worker population , back them up with sanctions , and get to work on reform of the kafala system . " McGeehan 's call echoes that of other human rights groups for an end to practices under the kafala system , which ties workers to their employer and stops them leaving the country without their permission . It has been compared with modern-day slavery and was highlighted by the Belounis affair , the footballer who was unable to leave Qatar following a pay dispute with his club side El Jaish and was left stranded in the country with his family for two years . Despite threatening a hunger strike and suicide , Belounis , who eventually flew home to France last November , has told CNN that the Gulf state still deserves the right to stage the World Cup . Qatar is spending a reported $ 200 billion on infrastucture and building projects associated with its staging of football 's global showpiece , but work has only just started on one of the stadiums to be used . Only 38 workers are currently employed at the Al Wakrah Stadium , where a "  successful inspection " was held January 13 , according to the organizers . They said that they would be meeting representatives from other building projects in the "  coming months " to achieve a "  unified standard " across the whole of Qatar for migrant workers . ` We will continue to work closely with our partners to achieve practical solutions which will leave a sustainable legacy for Qatar long after 2022 , ' said Farah Al-Muftah , who chairs the Supreme Committee 's Workers ' Welfare Committee . But critics pointed out it is unclear what projects are covered by the new charter and which are under the control of the Supreme Committee . "  It 's not the state-led , cross-sector regulation that Qatar 's migrant workers desperately need , " said McGeehan . FIFA has also still to decide the actual dates for the 2022 World Cup after fears that the searing heat in Qatar in the summer will be dangerous for players and spectators . There have been widespread calls for a "  Winter World Cup " and FIFA says it 's consulting stakeholders , including the major European leagues , before making a final decision .	Qatar 's World Cup 2022 organizers adopt a ` workers ' charter ' Charter is response to criticism of treatment of migrant workers on building projects FIFA set Qatar a deadline of February 12 to update on improvements Critics say Qatar 's ` kafala ' system needs to be reformed
A Sudanese Christian woman once sentenced to death in her native country because of her faith arrived in her new home , the United States , on Thursday . Mariam Yehya Ibrahim , her husband and two young children were greeted by a large crowd of supporters at Manchester-Boston Regional Airport in New Hampshire . Ibrahim , whose sentence was overturned a few weeks ago , did n't speak with the media . Her brother-in-law , Gabriel Wani , said there was "  a lot of happiness right now . " New Hampshire 's senators , Kelly Ayotte and Jeanne Shaheen , sent staff members to the terminal and sent out a news release welcoming Ibrahim to the state . "  She has inspired the world with her extraordinary courage and resilience , and I join all Granite Staters in extending a warm welcome to Meriam and her family , " Ayotte said . The senators were in Washington , casting votes . Court sentence for apostasy , marrying a Christian Ibrahim 's ordeal started when a Muslim relative filed a criminal complaint saying she had married Daniel Wani , a Christian , after going missing for several years . A Sudanese court considered Ibrahim a Muslim because her father was Muslim . She was charged with adultery on grounds that a Muslim woman 's marriage to a Christian man is illegal in Sudan . Ibrahim also was charged with apostasy , accused of illegally renouncing what was alleged to be her original faith . She was convicted in May , while about eight months pregnant . In chains , Ibrahim gave birth about two weeks later in a women 's hospital in Khartoum . Ibrahim had been detained since mid-January . She refused to let go of her 20-month-old son , Martin , for fear she would never see him again . Ibrahim was born to a Sudanese Muslim father and an Ethiopian Orthodox mother . Her father left when she was 6 years old . She was raised by her mother as a Christian . A court in Sudan overturned Ibrahim 's death sentence a few weeks ago , but police arrested her again June 24 when she and her family tried to leave Sudan to go to the United States . Wani is an American citizen who has lived in Manchester since 1998 . New charges Police accused her of falsifying travel documents in an attempt to fly to the United States with her family . They were taken into custody at the airport in the capital , Khartoum . The family had been confined to a safe house in Sudan until last week , when they traveled to Italy . Italy maintains good relations with Khartoum and offered to help the U.S. Embassy there speed up the process of getting U.S. passports for Ibrahim and her family , Italy 's Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Lapo Pistelli said . Manchester -- with a population of about 110,000 , the largest city in northern New England -- has long served as a resettlement site for refugees from dozens of countries who have been scattered throughout the United States by the State Department . Since the late 1990s , more than 500 people from what is now South Sudan were resettled in New Hampshire , the majority of them in Manchester , according to refugee advocates .	Mariam Yehya Ibrahim was released from death row in Sudan She was charged with apostasy after marrying Christian Ibrahim was raised a Christian but court charged her because father was Mulsim Her husband lives in New Hampshire
Editor 's note : Nafees A. Syed , a junior at Harvard University majoring in government , is an editorial editor at The Harvard Crimson as well as a senior editor and columnist for the Harvard-MIT journal on Islam and society , Ascent . She is chairwoman of the Harvard Institute of Politics Policy Group on Racial Profiling . Nafees Syed says President Obama 's early words and actions send a powerful , positive signal to Muslims . CAMBRIDGE , Massachusetts  CNN  -- President Obama has given the Muslim community around the world the message we have been waiting for . He reassured Muslims in America that "  We are a nation of Christians and Muslims , Jews and Hindus -- and nonbelievers . " For those like me who were critical of his standoffish attitude toward Islam during his campaign , this signaled a welcome change . Even more important was his subsequent statement : "  To the Muslim world , we seek a new way forward , based on mutual interest and mutual respect . " In traveling throughout Western Europe in the past two years , I heard several anti-American comments ; these Europeans were challenging me , a Muslim , about American foreign policy in Palestine , Iraq and Afghanistan . In Muslim countries , I 've heard admiring comments about how great it must be to live in a rich country like America , followed by accusations that , "  your President Bush does n't like us Muslims . " As a Muslim-American , I have found myself in a difficult position . In America , I 've had to explain Islam to other Americans , and abroad , I 've had to explain America to those in the Muslim world . Obama has done all Americans a favor by extending a hand of friendship to the Muslim world . For me personally , it has alleviated the pain of witnessing the country I love engage in a foreign policy that I could not approve of as a Muslim and as an American -- a foreign policy that created mutual distrust between Americans and Muslims . And Obama has followed up on his statements with actions . In his first steps as president , Obama has initiated the closure of the Guantanamo Bay prison , called for the withdrawal of U.S. troops in Iraq and appointed former Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell , well-respected for his role in the Northern Ireland peace process , as special envoy for the Middle East . For the past few weeks , I 've heard overwhelming praise from Muslims for Obama 's recent actions . Obama has recognized a key fact that former President George W. Bush did not : Muslims in America and elsewhere are strongly affected by the situation of other Muslims in the world . There is a popular saying of the Prophet Mohammed 's that the Muslim community is like one body : If one part hurts , the entire body feels the pain . Muslims are very aware of this message and , in the last 20 years , three conflicts have continuously dominated the Muslim consciousness : Chechnya , Kashmir and , most notably , Palestine . Obama recognized this when he chose his first interview as president to be with a reporter from Al-Arabiya , indicating he would actively engage Arab media . The Palestinian-Israeli issue dominated the interview , with Obama promising to work toward a solution involving both sides of the conflict . To understand the challenge Obama faces in changing America 's role in the conflict , one must realize the situation he walked into as president . Muslims around the world were watching the suffering of innocent Palestinian civilians in a Gaza military campaign conducted with a green light from the Bush administration . Obama is essentially trying to rebuild a relationship that has been destroyed . However , Obama 's tone of respect and not condescension , a clear break with the past , improves the chances that such a relationship could arise . His interview with Al-Arabiya was filled with reassuring statements that America is "  ready to initiate a new partnership based on mutual respect and mutual interest , " that "  the language we use has to be a language of respect . " After years of hearing rhetoric of "  a crusade " and "  Islamofascism " from the U.S. government , Obama 's policy of listening , not dictating , has generated optimism in the Muslim world . I am sure that the Muslim world will respond with goodwill as well . Already , Obama is very well-respected there for his intelligence , eloquence and experience living in the largest Muslim country , Indonesia . Muslims abroad are just as willing as those in America to taste his message of hope and change . To win over the skeptics abroad , Obama will just have to do what he is doing in America : reach out to all sides for solutions and follow up his words with concrete action . In the meantime , the next few weeks will see Muslims around the world taking the hand America is extending after a long hiatus . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nafees Syed .	Nafees Syed : Obama is reaching out to Muslim world with words , actions She says Muslims worldwide have a shared concern about key issues Syed : Obama 's interview with Al-Arabiya talked of respect and partnership She says Bush administration used harsh language of crusade , Islamofascism
The other week , we covered the difference between searching and stalking online . We dusted off our hands , satisfied with our ample labors , and just as we were about to sink into the deep cave of hibernation/suspended animation that we enter between columns , we received the following inquiry : "  This has been a hard thing to admit myself , but I have a problem : I am a total and complete Google stalker . I 'll spend hours just surfing the Web , searching for details about old high school acquaintances , co-workers and potential dates . I am a machine . Seriously . I can find anyone . Give me a first name and an identifying detail , and I 'll give you a whole freaking dossier . My friends make fun of me mercilessly , teasingly  I hope  calling me a creeper , and I 've seen some sitcoms and movies lately that seem to indicate that Google stalking kills the mystery or whatever , but I 'm just fascinated by people -- and the fact that our lives have become so public .  Also , sometimes stalking comes in handy -- a wedding ring can come off , you know  . My question is : Am I really a creeper ? " - Creeper  ?  in Connecticut Well , Creeper  ?  , assuming -- as we did in the last column with Creepy Crushing in Chicago -- that you are not , in fact , out of your mind , allow us to parse this out for you by way of the following examples . Is it creepy to Google stalk ... Work contacts You 've just been hired !  Finally , someone appreciates your amazing fortune cookie-writing skills .  You 've just shaken hands with your new cubiclemate and you 're settling into your computer chair when you 're hit with the uncontrollable urge to enter her name into Google and hit "  Search . " Are you a creeper ? Nope . In the wild , wild west of fortune-cookie writing  and all other professions  , it 's advantageous to know as much as you can about the people you 're working with . Does your colleague have a website ? Does it have information about her past gigs ? Does it include some hobby that you , too , enjoy  She does George R. R. Martin fan art , too ?!  ? Well , then , feel free to cast around . No one is going to be creeped out that you looked at a repository of information that they themselves put online -- just do it at home  How will you feel if she walks by to invite you to lunch and sees you 're six pages into her blog ?  , and bring it up tactfully : "  Hey ! I saw your website . What was it like working with Donald Lau ? He 's a legend ! " On the other hand , "  I saw all those pics on Flickr where you 're dressed as Lady Gaga , passed out on a couch . I love ` Born This Way , ' too ! " probably wo n't go over too well . As the cookie would say , "  A wise man knows when to keep his mouth shut . " Your date You 're chilling at your local tiki-themed watering hole when a tall drink of grenadine saunters up to you . "  My name is Jean Jameson , " he says with a wink . "  And I would love to take you out for a steak and my namesake sometime . " Coyly , you extract the plastic monkey from your Soft Breezes Spritzer and reply  after a lengthy chug of this , your fourth sugary , plastic-animal-laden cocktail  , "  Sure thing . Whisk me away , Whiskey Boy ! " The next morning , after copious glasses of water and capsules of headache medicine , you get a text confirming the date you agreed to in your sugared-up state . Through blurry eyes , you open up the Web browser on your mobile phone and start entering Jean 's liquory last name . Are you a creeper ? Well , this is where things get dicey . It 's totally fine to do an initial Google on someone you just met  especially somewhere like a bar or online  simply to make sure that s/he is , in fact , who they say they are . But once you 've confirmed that JJ was n't lying about being a deep sea pearl diver/living in Manhattan/his nonmarital status , you can click on out of that search box . Any more digging and you 're entering into CreepyVille -- and , as you worried in your question , "  killing the mystery . " JJ is in a band/writes epic poetry/had a LiveJournal when he was 13 ? Great . Let him play you a song/e-mail you his poetry/reveal to you his childhood obsession with Sarah Michelle Gellar of his own accord . If he sucks at his hobbies  or had an unhealthy fascination with the destroyer of bloodsuckers  , at least give him a chance to charm you before you can write him off without his knowledge . Yourself A recent study by the Pew Internet & American Life Project shows that 57 % of adults have plunked their own names into search engines . Let 's get that number up , shall we ? Look , Googling yourself is n't vain -- it 's smart . A story : Back in 2009 , American Girl put out a doll named Rebecca Rubin -- a young Jewish girl from New York 's Lower East Side . At the time , one of these humble columnists was working at a Jewish culture magazine called Heeb , and decided to blog about the doll . A quick search for "  Rebecca Rubin " unearthed an FBI wanted poster for Rebecca "  Little Missy " Rubin , an allegedly armed fugitive . The FBI was thrilled with the turn of events : "  Any publicity that gets the word out that our Rebecca Rubin is wanted on various charges is certainly beneficial , " Beth Anne Steele , a spokeswoman for the FBI , told The New York Times , but the doll now carries the name of a wanted criminal . A simple Google search by an American Girl employee could have waylaid that issue . So what exactly are we babbling about ? Nowadays , when anyone can and will search for you online -- you 're not the only one , Creeper  ?  -- your Google results are your calling card . Therefore , you should be aware of what comes up when someone enters your name into that magnifying glass-flanked box . Seriously . You should even set up a Google Alert for your name . That way , the minute an article about a head-collecting serial killer who shares your name hits the Web , you 'll know why that guy you met at that bar never called you . If the above situation does happen to befall you , we suggest buying the domain associated with your name and setting up a website -- complete with clear photos of yourself -- that explicates your profession and hobbies . Unless you are , in fact , a serial killer . Then the FBI will take care of that for you .	It 's advantageous to know as much as you can about your co-workers Do a quick search on any potential dates , but do n't spoil the mystery Google yourself early and often to prevent an identity crisis
CNN  -- Before I started working on the documentary "  The Cove , " I assumed like many others that dolphins and orcas enjoyed living at Sea World and other marine parks . They always seemed to be smiling , jumping merrily around their tanks , eager to put on a show for human spectators . However , when I met Ric O'Barry , my perspective changed . O'Barry was the man responsible for capturing Kathy -- the original "  Flipper " -- from the wild and helping to create the language used to train dolphins to do tricks and flips . When Cathy died in his arms some years later , O'Barry realized the whole process of capturing and training dolphins was wrong . He eventually co-wrote the book "  Behind the Dolphin 's Smile , " where he explains that the smiles you see on these animals are not true reflections of happiness . In actuality , they hate to be enclosed in their holding tanks and are often not fed until it is time to perform their daily routines . During his time as a trainer , O'Barry learned dolphins had true feelings -- they would get depressed , stressed out , even suicidal . In some parks , the trainers have to give the animals Maalox and Tagamet to treat the ulcers that develop from their stress . The horrific tragedy that occurred last week at SeaWorld in Orlando , Florida , has left me deeply shaken . My heart goes out to Dawn Brancheau and her family . Dawn lost her life doing the job that she loved , yet I -- like O'Barry -- believe that this job should no longer exist . We know now that the whale involved in this accident has a well-documented history of violent behavior . SeaWorld knew of this history yet continued to exploit the animal and endanger the lives of its employees to put money in its pockets . If this is n't a wake-up call , I do n't know what is . At this very moment , a dozen boats in the town of Taiji , Japan , are heading out and rounding up hundreds of dolphins in a secluded cove . The fisherman will close off the cove with nets , and with the help of employees from various dolphinariums , they will try to find the next "  Flipper " among their catch . The fishermen will snatch these beautiful creatures from their natural habitats , hoist them into nets , load them onto airplanes and drop them into a cement tank in the middle of Turkey , Korea or other nearby Asian countries . In some ways , these animals are the lucky ones . These dolphins escaped the fate of many of their pod mates , who are brutally slaughtered with primitive harpoons -- turning the cove into a scene straight from Melville 's "  Moby Dick . " The water turns bright red with the blood of the slain . The fishermen then transport the meat -- despite health concerns of mercury content in the dolphins ' systems -- back to shore , where they sell it to local vendors . It 's time for us to step up and make a difference in these animals ' lives . Until we make marine parks obsolete , dolphins and other sea mammals will continue to be senselessly captured and slaughtered . We can no longer fall for the argument that SeaWorld shows "  make us love the dolphins and want to understand and protect them " -- this could n't be further from the truth . As I see it , we will only truly love and understand these animals when we can watch them running wild and genuinely smiling in their natural habitat . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fisher Stevens .	Dolphins seem to be smiling , but captive ones experience stress , Fisher Stevens says Stevens says captive dolphin trade leads to slaughter of the animals Until we make marine parks obsolete , dolphin trade will continue , Stevens says
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The ongoing Penn State scandal reached if not its denouement Thursday at least its climax with the release of the report prepared under the auspices of former FBI Director Louis Freeh . The report answers numerous questions about who knew about Jerry Sandusky 's abuse of children as well as how suspicions , rumors and allegations were handled . For many of us the most disturbing element of the report already had been intimated in the press , the role that coach Joe Paterno played in handling complaints against athletes internally and disregarding both Penn State 's procedures and also the law . While charitably one could suggest that Paterno saw discipline as his role as a coach and mentor , less charitable interpretations also make sense , particularly a desire to maintain the reputation of the program and the income and prestige it brought . Beyond motives , however , the creation of an environment where discipline took place "  off the books " was destined to lead to a collapse at some point . Unfortunately when this collapse occurred its victims were children . News : Penn State leaders disregarded victims , 'em powered ' Sandusky Freeh said in releasing his report that the investigation 's "  most saddening and sobering finding is the total disregard for the safety and welfare of Sandusky 's child victims by the most senior leaders at Penn State . " "  The most powerful men at Penn State failed to take any steps for 14 years to protect the children who Sandusky victimized , " he said . "  Messrs. Spanier , Schultz , Paterno and Curley never demonstrated , through actions or words , any concern for the safety and well-being of Sandusky 's victims until after Sandusky 's arrest . " That remark , which many of us hoped never to read , speaks directly to the findings of the report and to the organizational and moral failures of Penn State . Even more directly , the report directly chastises the university 's board of trustees for a failure to exercise its oversight functions and its dereliction in ensuring that it was appropriately and adequately informed of risks to the university . Not only did the university 's administration not inform to the board about the suspicions of and allegations against Sandusky , the board failed in its responsibility in establishing a system to seek such information . Most shocking , however , given its legal obligations , was Penn State 's complete dereliction in its responsibilities under express laws , including those mandating reporting and protecting those who bring violations to light . News : Reactions to Penn State report flood social media Freeh 's ability to identify and order the moral failings of the university in the most appropriate , empathetic and humane way is admirable . He centers his condemnations primarily on the fact that at every level -- the board , the president and Paterno -- no one expressed any concern for the boys whose lives were devastated by the abuse inflicted upon them by Sandusky . Regardless of the structural , administrative and disciplinary failures at Penn State , the central moral failing was that the school cared more about its reputation , its football team , and even Sandusky than about his victims . The school grossly mis-ordered values and failed to meet its duties . What Freeh has found is most disturbing and depressing . A superior institution of higher education and a football program and coach admired for their express commitment to principles proved themselves to have feet of clay and appalling disregard for the safety and security of many innocent children . News : Key players in Penn State report Penn State 's failings should be a warning to every organization and to all of us . We protect our reputations by doing the right thing , not by hiding our failings . Indeed , even amid discovery of error and wrongdoing , reputations are enhanced by acknowledging , dealing with them immediately and directly , and working to minimize their recurrence . If we can draw a salutary lesson from this scandal , it is that . Unfortunately , for the innocent child victims of Sandusky 's predation , the lesson has come too late . Maybe , if other organizations take these lessons to heart it will prevent future abuses and save others from becoming victims . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edward Queen .	Louis Freeh releases report showing failures by Penn State administrators Edward Queen : The report shows total lack of regard for innocent victims He says administrators and Penn State board did n't live up to their obligations Lesson is to focus on doing the right thing , not on covering up misdeeds , he says
Paris  CNN  -- France and Germany would like heads of state to meet monthly to look at the economic governing of the eurozone , French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Monday . Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel were meeting in Paris Monday to discuss ways to safeguard the euro by increasing economic and political "  convergence . " "  Germany and France are the two big economies of Europe . To risk us diverging is to risk us destroying Europe . The crisis requires of us an extra commitment for unity and Europe will not redo the mistakes of the past , " Sarkozy said after their meeting . The two leaders agreed on a new fiscal pact that they say will help prevent another debt crisis . The pact , which will be presented in detail at a meeting of European leaders later this week , will involve amending or rewriting the treaties that govern the European Union , the leaders said . The leaders of Italy and the Netherlands met earlier Monday , and Ireland 's prime minister is due to announce new budget-cutting measures later the same day . Merkel Friday told lawmakers that a fiscal union was in the works , an effort to correct a basic flaw within the EU -- that it has a common currency and shared monetary policy , but no mechanism to ensure that all members are financially sound . "  We are beginning to create the fiscal union , " Merkel said . But she stressed that the European debt crisis will not be resolved overnight , saying the process "  will take years . " On Thursday and Friday , government leaders from all 27 EU nations will meet in Brussels for what is expected to be the final meeting of the European Council in a year that has seen more than its fair share of such summits . Merkel and Sarkozy both said last week that a fiscal pact should be written into the EU treaty so that budget rules can be properly enforced through broader oversight and automatic penalties for nations that fail to comply . In a sign of what 's at stake for the United States , Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner will spend most of this week in Europe to meet with top officials , including Sarkozy and the newly appointed Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti . President Barack Obama has called the crisis a serious threat to the U.S. economy , noting that Europe is one of America 's biggest trading partners . While Merkel and Sarkozy agree on the need to form a fiscal union , they appear to be at odds over what that would mean . Last Friday , Merkel again ruled out the creation of eurobonds , which could drive up borrowing costs for creditworthy nations such as Germany . The European Commission has proposed issuing so-called stability bonds as part of a plan to pool government debt across Europe . Merkel also stressed that the ECB should remain independent , underscoring the deep opposition in Germany to the central bank risking inflation by printing money to prop up troubled governments . Sarkozy also said the ECB should remain independent , but he sounded much less draconian than his German counterpart . "  Naturally , the European Central Bank has a role to play , " said Sarkozy . He did not want to debate what that role would be , but Sarkozy did say the ECB would act to prevent a deeper economic downturn in Europe . Late Sunday , Italy , which has sparked worry over its weighty debt and rising borrowing costs , unveiled a budget proposal that included â ‚ ¬ 30 billion  $ 40 billion  in new taxes and spending cuts over two years , including reductions to future pensions . About â ‚ ¬ 20 billion  $ 27 billion  would come from cuts , including major changes to how Italian workers ' pensions are calculated and a one-year increase in retirement ages , effective in January , Monti announced Sunday night . In announcing the cuts , Monti -- who also serves as finance minister -- said he would take no salary for either position . The proposal still needs parliamentary approval . CNNMoney 's Ben Rooney contributed to this report .	The European Union is considering a drastic overhaul of its powers French President Nicolas Sarkozy hosts German Chancellor Angela Merkel They disagree on how much authority the EU should have over national budgets Ireland is set to unveil new budget-cutting measures
CNN  -- A Mississippi state lawmaker was found dead Sunday at the home of a former colleague , apparently the result of a suicide , a friend close to the victim told CNN on Monday . The victim is Jessica Upshaw , 53 , of Diamondhead , Mississippi . A conservative Republican , she 'd been a member of the state House of Representatives since 2004 and was chair of the House Conservation and Water Resources Committee . The incident occurred in Mendenhall , in Simpson County , located in southern Mississippi . Simpson County Coroner Terry Tutor said she died of a single gunshot wound to the head . He did n't elaborate and would n't say it was a suicide . The friend said she killed herself outside the house of former State Rep. Clint Rotenberry . Rotenberry and Upshaw , both single and divorced for a number of years , had been in a relationship , the friend said . Upshaw had been battling depression for several years and had been taking medication while under a doctor 's care . Describing Upshaw as a fighter , the friend said she had been aggressively battling the depression . The incident shocked and saddened the state . Gov. Phil Bryant called Upshaw a "  unselfish and dedicated public servant . " "  This is a tragic loss for her family and all Mississippians , " he said . Mississippi Speaker of the House Philip Gunn described Upshaw as "  an outstanding legislator and friend " and said "  our hearts break for her family . " "  She was one of the brightest and most competent members of the House . " CNN 's Brian Todd reported from Washington . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci and Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta .	Jessica Upshaw , a respected veteran lawmaker , had been battling depression A friend says it appears she killed herself Gov. Phil Bryant calls Upshaw a "  unselfish and dedicated public servant . "
CNN  -- Unless governments in the Middle East stop offering "  cosmetic changes " to calls for reform , they should brace themselves for another year of protests , Amnesty International warned Monday . The protests and bloodshed will continue unless governments and the international community ensure the demonstrators ' demands are addressed , the rights group said in a new report . Protesters are not interested in "  piecemeal " reforms , it said . "  With few exceptions , governments have failed to recognize that everything has changed , " said Philip Luther , director of Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa . "  The protest movements across the region , led in many cases by young people and with women playing central roles , have proved astonishingly resilient in the face of sometimes staggering repression . " Protesters want accountability and change in governance , according to Luther . The 80-page report is called "  Year of Rebellion : State of Human Rights in the Middle East and North Africa . " It highlights the success of Tunisia , Egypt and Libya in removing their longtime regimes , but underscores the need to institute democracy to ensure past actions are not repeated . "  The uprising in Tunisia brought significant improvements in human rights , but one year on , many consider that the pace of change has been too slow , with families of the victims of the uprising still awaiting justice , " Amnesty said . In Egypt , for example , military rulers are yet to deliver on demands of the revolution and are in some cases behind attacks that are "  worse than under Hosni Mubarak " regime , the report said . Amnesty warned that some governments "  remained grimly determined to cling onto power " at all costs , citing an example of Syria . "  Syrian armed forces and intelligence services have been responsible for a pattern of killings and torture amounting to crimes against humanity , in a vain attempt to terrify protesters and opponents into silence and submission , " the report said . " By the end of the year there were over 200 cases of reported deaths in custody , over 40 times the recent average annual figure for Syria . " International powers and regional bodies such as the United Nations and the African Union have taken a stronger stance in some nations than others , the report said . Despite the unequal treatment , the lack of foreign intervention has had it positives , according to Amnesty . "  What has been striking about the last year has been that -- with some exceptions -- change has largely been achieved through the efforts of local people coming onto the streets , " Luther said . A Tunisian vegetable vendor torched himself out of economic despair last year , sparking the so-called Arab uprisings that led to the toppling of Tunisia , Libya and Egypt leaders . The uprisings continue in a series of other nations , including Syria , where President Bashar al-Assad is trying to cling to power amid monthslong protests . In Yemen , protests led to President Ali Abdullah Saleh agreeing to step down . The Yemeni government has approved the final draft of an immunity law that will give Saleh and his aides immunity from prosecution .	Report : Protests will rage on unless demands are met It highlights the success of Tunisia , Egypt and Libya The report underscores need for democracy in those nations Protesters want accountability and change , Amnesty says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A key Democratic lawmaker called Tuesday for the resignation of American International Group 's CEO after the troubled insurer held a financial planners conference last week at a posh Arizona resort . Edward Liddy , AIG chief executive , said the conference educated external financial planners . The company responded that the event cost AIG very little and was aimed at boosting income . AIG had come under sharp criticism for sending executives on a lavish English partridge hunt and a weeklong retreat at a California resort after accepting an $ 85 billion bailout -- since grown to $ 150 billion -- from the federal government in September . "  These guys , they do n't get it , " Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Maryland , said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  They came to us basically saying ` we are on the critical list , and we need a respirator , ' and we bail them out , and the next thing we know , we turn around and they are going out partying and spending the taxpayers ' dollars . And it 's kind of -- it 's very upsetting . " Watch Cummings criticize AIG " Cummings , a senior member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , called for the resignation of AIG CEO Edward Liddy , who joined the company only a few weeks ago as part of the bailout plan . But Liddy told CNN 's Larry King later Tuesday that the conference was legitimate , stressing it was an event not for AIG employees , but for 150 outside financial planners wanting to learn about AIG 's products . And AIG has said that although the event cost $ 343,000 , AIG had to pay only $ 23,000 of it . Watch Liddy explain event 's purpose " "  Ninety percent of -LSB- the conference -RSB- was paid for by the participants who were there and our partners at this conference , " Liddy told King . Liddy said AIG was "  tightening the belt " and has cut more than 160 conferences or other events in the past seven weeks . But he said some training events for external financial planners are needed "  so they understand the product , all of its features , and they know what to sell to whom . " "  We do n't want a variable annuity sold to a 85-year-old widow , " Liddy said . Liddy said the company will pay off the $ 150 billion government loan plus interest . Watch Liddy say AIG will pay back the loan " "  We appreciate what the taxpayer and the federal government has done for us . ... We intend to pay back every penny we 've borrowed , " Liddy said . Earlier , AIG spokesman Nicholas Ashooh also defended the conference , saying Cummings was "  responding to an incomplete picture . " "  This was a legit meeting . It was really for independent advisers at very little cost to AIG . " Watch AIG 's CEO explain the retreat at a Arizona resort " Ashooh also said AIG canceled a speech by former NFL quarterback Terry Bradshaw at the conference . The conference , Ashooh said , was one "  that any insurance company has to do " and not a "  junket for AIG top executives . " Phoenix TV station KNXV , a CNN affiliate , reported that AIG tried to keep its connection to the 2008 Asset Management Conference a secret by ensuring that no AIG logos were on the property . Undercover footage shot by KNXV shows top AIG executives , including Larry Roth , president and CEO of AIG Advisor Group , sitting poolside and drinking coffee while conference-goers attended meetings . Another executive -- Art Tambaro , head of AIG subsidiary Royal Alliance -- stayed in one of the resort 's two-story villas . The footage also shows a few executives being shuttled in a luxury Lincoln Town Car one night and enjoying dinner and drinks at a McCormick & Schmick 's seafood restaurant , where they spent more than $ 400 , KNXV reported . Ashooh insisted that the conference was legitimate . "  We 've certainly done some things in the past that have been worthy of criticism , but this one 's really been mischaracterized , " he said . Ashooh said AIG indeed tried to keep the event low-profile "  because everything has been subject to so much criticism . " "  But it was n't an effort to disguise it . It was an effort to minimize costs and to keep the profile down , because we do n't even want to do anything that would even be perceived as expensive , " he said . The U.S. government agreed to an $ 85 billion loan in September to stave off AIG 's immediate collapse . On Monday , the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department modified the original loan into a $ 150 billion deal with a lower interest rate and used another $ 40 billion to buy preferred stock . The dealings have left the federal government owning 80 percent of AIG . But AIG ran into criticism almost from the start . There was a $ 440,000 retreat at St. Regis Resort in Monarch Beach , California , and an $ 86,000 partridge hunt at an English manor . Last week 's conference was held at the Hilton Squaw Peak Hotel in Phoenix , Arizona . Under an agreement with New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , the company agreed to freeze $ 19 million in payments to its former CEO , Martin Sullivan , and block distributions from a $ 600 million deferred compensation and bonus pool for the company 's financial products subsidiary . The company also withheld a $ 10 million severance payment to its former chief financial officer . Sullivan was replaced in June by Robert Willumstad , who in turn was replaced by Liddy as part of the bailout . Willumstad voluntarily gave up a $ 22 million severance package . AIG reported a $ 24.5 billion loss in the third quarter .	NEW : AIG executive : Event was for outside financial planners , not our employees NEW : Participants , partners covered most of resort event 's cost , CEO says Lawmaker objects to AIG event at resort in wake of federal bailout "  These guys , they do n't get it , " Rep. Elijah Cummings says of insurer
Health.com  -- People who consume lots of foods rich in vitamin B12 -- such as fish and fortified cereals -- may be at lower risk of developing Alzheimer 's disease than people who take in less of the vitamin , a small study conducted in Finland suggests . In the study , which was published in Neurology , researchers in Scandinavia analyzed blood samples from 271 individuals ages 65 to 79 who showed no evidence of dementia . The researchers tested for levels of a blood marker of vitamin B12 and for levels of homocysteine , an amino acid that has been linked to an increased risk of Alzheimer 's disease  as well as heart disease and stroke  . B vitamins , including B12 and folate , have been shown to help lower homocysteine levels , so high levels of the amino acid suggest low levels of B12 . Health.com : 9 foods that may help save your memory Over the next seven years , 17 study participants were diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease . The people with the highest levels of homocysteine at the beginning of the study had the greatest risk of developing the disease . In contrast , each unit increase in the marker of vitamin B12  known as holotranscobalamin  reduced the risk of developing Alzheimer 's by 2 percent . The relationship between vitamin B12 and Alzheimer 's risk is "  complex , " says Dr. Sudha Seshadri , M.D. , an associate professor of neurology at the Boston University School of Medicine and the author of an editorial accompanying the study . But , she adds , "  B12 levels , particularly holotranscobalamin levels , likely play a contributory role . " The links among Alzheimer 's risk , homocysteine , and B12 were more pronounced in older individuals , the study found . Health.com : 25 signs and symptoms of Alzheimer 's disease Blood levels of folate , which the researchers also measured , were not related to homocysteine levels or Alzheimer 's risk in this study . Folic acid -- a synthetic version of folate found in many supplements and multivitamins -- has been shown to lower homocysteine in previous studies , but its effect on disease risk is disputed . A National Institutes of Health panel recently concluded that there are no foods or vitamins that definitively prevent the development of Alzheimer 's disease , and experts say this study is consistent with the panel 's recommendations . "  A healthy diet likely remains important , " Seshadri says . "  The role of supplementation remains unclear . " Health.com : Ginkgo does n't work : are there better ways to save your brain ? Maria Carillo , Ph.D. , the senior director of medical and scientific relations at the Alzheimer 's Association , a nonprofit research and advocacy group , urges caution in interpreting the new findings , especially given that so few study participants developed the disease . "  We do know that vitamin B12 is a huge contributor to lowering homocysteine levels , " she says . "  Lowering these in general is important for cardiovascular health , and this study strengthens our knowledge about its role in risk for Alzheimer 's disease . " Dr. Sam Gandy , M.D. , the associate director of the Alzheimer 's Disease Research Center at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine , in New York City , says that it may make sense for people to get blood tests to measure their levels of B12 and folate . Health.com : How to age-proof your memory However , he says , the study findings may not necessarily translate to people outside Scandinavia . And he worries that the results may spur doctors to recommend B12 injections to their patients -- a preventive treatment that he says is unfounded and already overused . It 's still unclear whether increasing your intake of vitamin B12 will help protect you from Alzheimer 's , Gandy says . "  Good nutrition should minimize the risk of Alzheimer 's disease , but we ca n't say that any specific food has been proven to reduce this risk . " Copyright Health Magazine 2010	People who consume foods rich in vitamin B12 may be at lower risk of developing Alzheimer 's B vitamins may help lower homocysteine levels , an amino acid linked to the disease Alzheimer 's disease risk could be minimized with general good nutrition
CNN  -- Fears over Ebola have made the jump from pundits to the playground . On Friday , a group of students attacked two of their peers at I.S. 318 in the Bronx while yelling "  Ebola " at the brothers who had recently returned from Senegal , the boys ' father told CNN Newsroom Tuesday . The New York Department of Education confirms the incident occurred , saying the boys were pushed and shoved . Ousmane Drame , the boys ' father , said the boys felt so upset by their experience that they want to go back to Africa . Ebola outbreak : Get up to speed "  They were made fun of by the children  who  started yelling , ` Ebola . Ebola . Ebola . Africa . Africa , " Drame said his sons told him . Charles Cooper of the African Advisory Council , a local advocacy group , said that during lunch , one of the boys was jumped by the students who had been calling him "  Ebola . " When his older brother intervened , the brother also was assaulted . Drame said classmates refused to play with his sons in gym . "  We 're done playing with you . You have Ebola , " he said one of the bullies told his sons . "  You sit down . ... They do n't want to play with them . Nobody is close to them . " "  We will not tolerate intimidation or bullying of our students , " NYC Schools Chancellor Carmen Farina said in a statement , "  especially in this moment when New Yorkers need to come together . " Who shouts ` Ebola ' ? ` The stigmatization of Ebola ' Farina added that her office is investigating and that they 've sent staff to "  mediate the incident . " Cooper said these young children are bearing "  the stigmatization of Ebola and something needs to be done . " The boys , according to the their father , were born in the United States . Senegal , the country they returned from , has had only one case of Ebola . On October 17 , the World Health Organization declared that nation free of Ebola . "  They want to go to school , " their father said . "  I need to find a new school . " But perception is n't always fueled by fact . In the first week of October , the CDC received 800 calls from Americans concerned about Ebola . When a doctor in Manhattan became that New York City 's first Ebola patient , everything he 'd touched since he returned from Guinea came under scrutiny . A bowling alley he visited underwent decontamination as headlines asked whether Ebola could be transmitted via a bowling ball . Poll on Ebola attitudes According to a new CNN poll , 81 % of Americans polled think it 's likely someone in the United States will be infected with Ebola in the next few weeks . But only about a quarter think that will happen in their community . A slight majority approve of the federal government 's handling of the disease and fully 71 % are confident the feds can prevent a nationwide outbreak . But the poll did show that three in 10 would like noncitizens traveling from West Africa to be prevented from entering , even in absence of any symptoms . "  We can not allow the Ebola epidemic to stigmatize a single population , " said U.S. Rep Jose Serrano of New York . The congressman , who represents the part of the Bronx where the two boys were attacked , said in a statement : "  Ebola is not a West African problem , or even an African problem , it is a global health concern . Instead of feeding into the fear and discriminating against others , we need to come together in solidarity as we grapple with this terrible disease . " Or as Cooper with African Advisory Council put it to News 12 : "  We do n't want to see any of our children being bullied in any school . They are there to learn and they 're there to be kids . " CNN 's Sho Wills contributed to this report .	Two boys just returned from Senegal were beaten at a Bronx public school , their father says The father said the attackers yelled "  Ebola " at his sons NYC schools chancellor said her office will investigate CNN poll : 81 % think somebody in U.S. will be infected with Ebola soon
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- A 22-year-old medical student suspected of killing a woman he may have met through a Craigslist online ad was arraigned Tuesday and will be held without bail . Medical student Philip Markoff , 22 , appears in court Tuesday in Boston , Massachusetts . Philip Markoff , a second-year student at Boston University 's School of Medicine , listened intently but did not speak during the hearing in Boston Municipal Court . Dressed in a blue-striped shirt and slacks , Markoff was handcuffed and wearing leg irons . His attorney , John Salsberg , told reporters after the hearing that Markoff is "  not guilty of the charges . He has his family 's support . I have not received any document or report or piece of evidence other than what I heard in the courtroom . All I have at the moment are words -- no proof of anything . " A woman identifying herself as Markoff 's fiancee also maintained his innocence in an e-mail sent to ABC News . Megan McAllister said Markoff "  is the wrong man " and "  was set up . " "  Unfortunately , you were given wrong information as was the public , " McAllister wrote . "  All I have to say to you is Philip is a beautiful person inside and out and could not hurt a fly ! " She accused Boston police of "  trying to make big bucks by selling this false story to the TV stations . What else is new ?? " Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley told reporters , "  This was a brutal , vicious crime -- savage . And it shows that Philip Markoff is a man who 's willing to take advantage of women -- to hurt them , to beat them , to rob them . " A procedural not-guilty plea was entered on Markoff 's behalf , Conley said . A Boston University spokeswoman said the school suspended Markoff , who has no criminal record , when it learned of the charges on Monday . Markoff is charged with killing 26-year-old Julissa Brisman of New York on April 14 at Boston 's Copley Marriott Hotel . Evidence from the scene suggests that Brisman "  put up a fight , " prosecutor Jennifer Hickman said during the hearing Tuesday . Police said Brisman , a model , advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist , a popular online classifieds service . She sustained blunt head trauma , Hickman said , and was shot three times at close range . One of those bullets passed through her heart , killing her , she said . Markoff is also charged in connection with the robbery four days earlier of a woman at a Westin Hotel . In that case , the woman made arrangements to meet a man through Craigslist for a massage at the hotel , but was held at gunpoint and bound , Hickman said . She was robbed of $ 800 and personal items , and left tied to a door handle with duct tape over her mouth , Hickman said in court Tuesday . Police said earlier the Westin victim was 29 . She was not identified . Authorities believe the motive in Brisman 's death was robbery , Conley told reporters , and she was killed during a struggle . In executing a search warrant at Markoff 's home , police found a firearm , along with restraints and duct tape , he said . Watch police say assailant has perused Craigslist ads " Surveillance videos from the hotel where Brisman was murdered showed a tall , clean-cut young blond man in a black windbreaker leaving the property , according to Boston police , who sought public assistance identifying the man . Police traced the Internet communications with Brisman to an e-mail account opened the day before her death , Conley said . Using Internet provider information , they found the computer was at Markoff 's residence in Quincy , Massachusetts , he said . Authorities put the home under surveillance , Conley said , and "  the case just begins to build from there . " "  This poor woman , Julissa Brisman , no matter what choices she made or decisions she made in life , she is a human being who 's entitled to dignity and respect , " Conley said . There may be more victims that authorities are unaware of , he said , adding that the prosecutor 's goal is to hold Markoff accountable , not to pursue women who may be advertising on Craigslist . "  If you have been a victim like these victims have , please come forward , " he said . Markoff is "  bearing up , " according to attorney Salsberg . "  It 's obviously a difficult time for anybody in these circumstances with the charges that have been brought against him . ... He 's pleaded not guilty . He is not guilty , " said Salsberg . McAllister , in her e-mail to ABC , wrote , "  Philip is an intelligent man who is just trying to live his life , so if you could leave us alone we would greatly appreciate it . We expect to marry in August and share a wonderful , meaningful life together . " The couple 's wedding Web site had been taken down or was unavailable as of Tuesday afternoon . Authorities in Boston are working with police in Warwick , Rhode Island , on what could be a related case . On April 16 at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick , a man tied up and demanded money from a 26-year-old dancer who had posted a Craigslist advertisement , Warwick Police Chief Col. Stephen McCartney said . The robbery was interrupted when the woman 's husband entered the room . After pointing his gun at the husband , the suspect fled , McCartney said . He said no conclusions could be made yet , but allowed that the incident "  may be related to similar crimes occurring in the Boston area . " Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster told CNN the company is "  horrified and deeply saddened that our community services have been associated in any way whatsoever with a crime of violence . " He promised that Craigslist will evaluate the incident to see if additional measures could be introduced to protect users . CNN 's Mary Snow and Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	Not-guilty plea entered in Philip Markoff 's behalf in woman 's slaying in Boston Prosecutors say semiautomatic firearm found in search of student 's home CEO says Craigslist looking for ways to make site safer in wake of killing E-mail from suspect 's fiancee says police have "  wrong man "
London  CNN  -- It was just like a scene from the Alfred Hitchcock crime caper "  To Catch a Thief . " The same hotel . The sparkly jewels . The robbery . Only this was real life . A robber , his face covered by a hat and a scarf threatened to shoot attendees at a exhibition in Canne 's Carlton Hotel , setting of the 1955 movie , on Sunday . Within minutes he had escaped with $ 136 million worth of jewels : security guards at the show were unarmed , while the man had a semi-automatic pistol . The robbery is the third high-profile jewelery heist in Cannes in Southern France in only three months . During the Cannes film festival in May , a necklace worth $ 2.6 million  2 million euros  was stolen from a hotel party shortly after more than $ 1 million worth of jewels were stolen from a safe in a hotel room . The high-profile thefts follow a brazen heist in neighboring Belgium in February . A gang of eight men managed to snatch $ 50 million worth of diamonds from a plane on Brussels Airport -- within only eight minutes . "  It comes as a big surprise that something like this is possible , " said Jan Van der Cruysse , a spokesman for Brussels Airport . "  But of course , this is rather connected to banditism and organized crime rather than aviation security . " Yet such incidents have a history . From 1960s gangster film-style armed robberies to elaborate stunts involving drag queens and fake beards , thieves from around the world have tried almost anything to get hold of diamonds . Here are some of the biggest heists they pulled off : On Valentine 's Day weekend in February 2003 , $ 100 million worth of precious stones were snatched from the Antwerp Diamond Center . The thieves , headed by Leonardo Notarbartolo , reportedly managed to penetrate some of the most advanced security measures , including hi-tech combination locks , motion and heat sensors -- and 18-inch steel doors . The gangsters even changed the tapes of the security cameras in the building to avoid being identified . They did , however , make one mistake : they left behind a half-eaten sandwich with DNA samples on it . They were arrested after months-long police operation involving detectives in several countries . The jewels were never recovered . The sensational robbery inspired a book "  Flawless -- Inside the Largest Diamond heist in the History . " In March 2007 , a man using the name Carlos Hector Flomenbaum adopted an unorthodox approach to robbery . Swapping weapons for chocolates and charm , Flomenbaum became a frequent customer at ABN Amro bank in Antwerp . Befriending the bank staff , who believed he was a successful diamond trader , he gained their trust and acquired a key to the bank 's vault . Once he had the key , he simply let himself in and walked out of the front door with 120,000 carats of diamonds , worth $ 28 million . In mid-May 2008 , four armed robbers -- two disguised as women -- walked into a jewelry store in Paris . Once inside , they pulled out their weapons , forced the customers and employees into a corner , and grabbed jewels out of display cases and safes . Swiping an estimated 80 million euros  $ 102 million  worth of jewels , the "  drag queen robbery " became one of the biggest heists in history . On New Year 's Eve 2008 , two armed men casually walked into a shop called Dialite Imports , one of New York 's diamond district shops . Dressed in traditional Orthodox-jewish clothing accessorized with fake beards , they quickly gained access to the store 's safe , spray-painting two security cameras in the process . They disappeared with $ 4 million in diamonds and other jewels . The heist later turned out to be an elaborate inside job set up by the store 's co-owners , who were $ 1 million in debt , six months behind on their rent and acquired a new insurance policy shortly before the robbery . In 2009 , two sharp-suited men walked into Graff Jewellers on central London 's New Bond Street . In the middle of the afternoon , with people walking on the streets outside , they threatened employees with handguns and managed to steal 43 items , with a value of about # 40 million  $ 65 million  . In 1994 three men armed with a machine gun stormed into the Carlton Hotel in Cannes , France . They stole jewels valued at # 30 million  $ 43 million  from a jewelry shop in the hotel . Reportedly , the rounds they had been firing were blanks -- which did not prevent them from gaining the world 's biggest gems robbery record in Guinness Book of Records .	$ 50 million worth of diamonds were stolen from a plane on Brussels Airport It is one of the biggest diamond robberies in the history -- only a few thieves stole more In 2003 , $ 100 million worth of diamonds were snatched from Antwerp Diamond Center
CNN  -- The last remaining places for European football 's showpiece tournament will be decided on Tuesday when eight nations compete in the second leg of the Euro 2012 playoffs . Ten countries have already qualified , along with co-hosts Poland and Ukraine , for the four-yearly tournament taking place in June and July . The most evenly-poised tie is in Lisbon , where 2004 hosts Portugal take on Bosnia-Herzegovina following Friday 's 0-0 draw in Zenica . Turkey reached the semifinals in 2008 , but face an uphill struggle to appear at the 14th staging of the event after Croatia won 3-0 in the first leg in Istanbul . Montenegro , competing for the first time as an independent nation , will also have to overhaul a deficit at home after losing 2-0 in Prague to the Czech Republic -- who finished runners-up on debut in 1996 after the split with Slovakia . Estonia caused a surprise by reaching the playoffs after taking second place in Group C behind Italy , meaning 2010 World Cup qualifiers Serbia and Slovenia missed out . However , the East Europeans are unlikely to be included in the December 2 group-stage draw after losing 4-0 in Tallinn to the Republic of Ireland on Friday . The Irish have qualified for the finals only once , in 1988 . Next year will be the last time the tournament is played by 16 teams ahead of an expansion to 24 . World champions Spain will defend their European title , having qualified as group winners along with Germany , Russia , France , the Netherlands , Greece , England and Denmark . Sweden went through as the second-placed team with the best record .	The playoffs for Euro 2012 will be completed on Tuesday The second-leg ties will decide which final four countries will qualify Next year 's championship will be co-hosted by Poland and Ukraine Spain will defend their 2008 title from 16 other competing nations
CNN  -- A state judge struck down Colorado 's ban on same-sex marriage on Wednesday , but he prevented gay and lesbian couples from immediately marrying by staying his decision . "  The court holds that the marriage bans violate plaintiffs ' due process and equal protection guarantees under the Fourteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , " Judge C. Scott Crabtree wrote . Crabtree also ruled that same-sex marriages performed out-of-state should be recognized in Colorado and that having "  civil unions " instead of marriages "  is further evidence of discrimination against same-sex couples . " While the judge clearly came down in favor of allowing same-sex couples to marry , he did not give the go-ahead for such marriages to occur right away . His rationale is the "  final chapter of this undoubtedly has to be written in either Denver , Colorado , or Washington , DC " and that "  it will take time for this issue to be finally resolved . " "  The court finds that a stay is necessary to avoid the instability and uncertainty which would result in the state of Colorado if the court did not stay its ruling and for the orderly administration of justice , " said Crabtree , ordering his own judgment to be "  stayed pending a resolution of this matter on appeal . " Crabtree is the latest judge to rule same-sex marriage prohibitions -- like the one in Colorado 's state constitution -- should not stand . Most of those rulings have come from federal judges in the year after the U.S. Supreme Court 's landmark U.S. v. Windsor ruling . While these decisions have been one-sided in favor of gay and lesbian couples pushing for marriage on par with opposite-sex couples , most of them have been stayed as appeals work through the system . The U.S. Supreme Court has n't decided when or , even , if it might consider whether same-sex marriage bans in individual states should be allowed . Utah wants Supreme Court to back its same-sex marriage ban Same-sex marriages put on hold in Indiana by federal appeals court Judge rules Kentucky 's same-sex marriage ban unconstitutional	Colorado judge rules against his state 's same-sex marriage ban He says it violates gay and lesbians ' constitutional rights Crabtree stays his own ruling pending appeals
CNN  -- North Korea said Saturday any sanctions or pressure applied against it following its rocket launch earlier this month will be considered a "  declaration of war . " A North Korean soldier looks into South Korea from the demilitarized zone on April 9 . In an announcement on state-run television , the country said it was ready to step up efforts to develop nuclear weapons and poised for a military response to any moves against it . "  The revolutionary armed forces of the DPRK are always keeping themselves fully ready to go into action any moment to mercilessly punish anyone who encroaches upon the sovereignty and dignity of the DPRK even a bit , " it said . On Monday the United Nations condemned North Korea -- which refers to itself as the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , or DPRK -- for launching a rocket . The United States called the launch a "  provocative act " that violated a 2006 Security Council resolution prohibiting Pyongyang from conducting ballistic missile launches . Pyongyang insists the April 5 launch was a successful mission to place a communications satellite into orbit . The United States says the rocket 's payload did not reach orbit . The U.N. statement says the rocket launch was "  in contravention " to a 2006 Security Council resolution that demanded that North Korea not launch any ballistic missiles . The 15-member council also voted unanimously for a statement by the council 's president demanding the country make no more launches . "  The Korean People 's Army will consider sanctions to be applied against the DPRK under various names over its satellite launch or any pressure to be put upon it through ` total participation ' in the PSI  Proliferation Security Initiative  as a declaration of undisguised confrontation and a declaration of a war against the DPRK , " the announcement on state TV said . "  Now that the group officially declared confrontation and war against the DPRK , its revolutionary armed forces will opt for increasing the nation 's defense capability including nuclear deterrent in every way , without being bound to the agreement adopted at the six-party talks , " it continued , apparently referring to the Security Council . Referring to South Korean President Lee Myung-bak , the statement added , "  The Lee group of traitors should never forget that Seoul is just 50 kilometers  31 miles  away from the Military Demarcation Line . " That line was established by the 1953 Armistice Agreement between the two Koreas -- which are still technically at war . A Friday report North Korea 's official KCNA news agency , seemed to blame the "  war hysteria " on the United States and South Korea after the two countries carried out a combined air force operation in South Korea . The " ` South Korea-U.S. military alliance ' oft-repeated by them is , in essence , nothing but a ` war alliance ' and ` alliance for aggression ' aimed at invading the DPRK , " the report said . "  When a nuclear war will break out due to the war chariot of the ` South Korea-U.S. military alliance ' is a matter of time , " it said . "  The U.S. and South Korean warmongers would be well advised to stop acting rashly , properly understanding who their rival is . "	North Korea says sanctions applied against it will be "  declaration of war " Pyongyang ready to "  mercilessly punish anyone " who applies pressure U.N. has condemned North Korean rocket launch
Washington  CNN  -- Comedian Bill Cosby received an honorary rank from the Navy Thursday , and he had a Washington audience laughing with stories from his four years in the service . Cosby has been entertaining millions of people since the 1960s . Cosby , whose success as a stand-up comic and actor has influenced many over the past four decades , is perhaps best known for his role as Dr. Heathcliff Huxtable on the 1980s sitcom "  The Cosby Show . " But he did n't always enjoy such success , and he said the U.S. Navy gave him what he needed , when he needed it most . "  I was n't a bad boy , I was just sort of left to wander around , " Cosby , who as a young man served as a hospital corpsman , told a Navy-packed auditorium . The iconic comic was in town to be recognized as an honorary chief petty officer in the U.S. Navy . "  I want to welcome you to the ranks of the people that run the Navy , people that make the ships sail on time , the aircraft fly , the hospitals work , " said Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus , who received the same honor last year . "  Bill Cosby has earned this . " Cosby joined the Navy in 1956 and after graduating from boot camp , went on to become a Navy hospital corpsman . He told the crowd joining the Navy seemed like the best place for him "  to die . " "  I do n't want to join the Army because I 'll die in a foxhole in dirt ... I do n't want to be in the Marine Corp because you die before you get out of there , " Cosby told the laughing crowd filled with Navy personnel . The biggest laugh came when Cosby explained why he joined the Navy . "  I want to be in the Navy , because no matter how you die , you 're in the middle of the ocean and it will wash out your underpants and that will make my mother very happy . " Just before Cosby thrilled the crowd with his famous story-telling delivery , he was presented with a Navy uniform , which he put on , and set of Navy anchor pins that were pinned on by Mabus and the most senior enlisted member of the branch , Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy Rick West . Cosby , who was honorably discharged from the Navy in 1960 , said the one of the greatest moments in his life was graduating from Navy boot camp . The comedian , known for his clean acts that do not include profanity , struggled at boot camp , saying the vulgar language and yelling were n't for him . It got so bad , he said , that he even wrote his mother a letter asking if she could get him out of camp . Cosby said he was called to the commander 's office and told that his mother had written back . "  My mother asked the company commander to please continue to do these things , " Cosby said , sporting his new Navy uniform . The 73-year-old star recalled that finishing Navy boot camp was the first time his mother saw him graduate from anything . Cosby did n't graduate from high school but later received a high school equivalency . After the Navy , Cosby went on to attend Temple University and he earned a master 's degree and a doctorate in education at the University of Massachusetts . Cosby served on the USS Fort Mandan , a Navy support ship that was based at facilities including the Naval Hospital in Bethesda , Maryland , where he helped in rehabilitation of wounded Korean War veterans . Cosby said he earned $ 42 every two weeks in the Navy but the lessons he learned were priceless . "  I was eating for free and , as they say ,  having  a place to lay your head was wonderful , lights out , lights on , " Cosby said , telling his laughing audience that he learned discipline in the Navy , among other things . "  Urinate in one urinal and continue to do so in that same one -- discipline , " he joked . He then took a swipe at those who have never served . "  I have to tell you I have a problem with civilians ... I still know a deck is better buffed by someone in the service , and cheaper . " The Navy crowd laughed again .	Comedian Bill Cosby gets an honorary rank in the Navy Cosby joined the Navy in 1956 , without a high school diploma Cosby credits his service in the Navy with giving him what he needed He says finishing boot camp was the first time his mother saw him graduate from anything
CNN  -- A Texas man killed four women -- including his girlfriend and a woman he was dating -- and wounded three teens and a boy in shootings at two Dallas-area homes , police said Thursday . The man was arrested at the second home after a child there called 911 , according to police . When the shootings were done Wednesday night , there were two slain women and two wounded minors at each location -- one in Dallas and the other in DeSoto , roughly 15 miles to the south . Authorities identified those killed as Zina Bowser , 47 , Neima Williams , 28 , Toya Smith , 43 , and Tasmia Allen , 17 . They said the suspect in the shootings is 44-year-old Erbie Bowser , who was dating Smith . Zina Bowser was Bowser 's estranged wife , they said . When asked about a possible motive , DeSoto police spokesman Nick Bristow said that authorities believe "  it just to be an isolated domestic issue . " The Dallas Mavericks said Bowser used to be a member of the NBA team 's Mavs ManiAACs , an all-male hip-hop dance troupe that entertains fans at games . He left the squad in 2009 , Mavericks spokesman Scott Tomlin said . Bowser was a special education teacher for Mesquite Independent School District east of Dallas from December 2001 through March 2010 , last teaching at Berry Middle School , district spokeswoman Laura Jobe said . He resigned and "  left us on good terms , " she said . CNN 's attempts to contacts Bowser 's relatives were n't immediately successful . Relative had bad feeling after call Authorities learned of the Dallas shootings at 10:30 p.m. , when relatives found the carnage there and called 911 , police said . Beforehand , one of the victims had talked to her mother on the phone . Something about the conversation concerned the mother , so after calling back and getting no response , she drove with some family members to the Dallas home , where they saw the four who had been shot , Dallas police Maj. Jeff Cotner said . Toya Smith and her 17-year-old daughter were dead inside the house . Injured were the woman 's 14-year-old son and a 17-year-old girl who was a family friend , Cotner said . The 14-year-old was in critical condition Thursday . Dallas police had reason to suspect the gunman might have a DeSoto connection , and called DeSoto police , Cotner said . Minutes later -- at 10:45 p.m. , while police were traveling to check the DeSoto home -- a child called 911 to report the shooting there , DeSoto police spokeswoman Melissa Franks said . The gunman had used "  some sort of explosive device , " and then shot at the people inside , Franks said . Zina Bowser and Neima Williams were killed there , and two boys -- ages 11 and 13 -- were injured , she said . Both were in critical condition Thursday . Police arrested the suspect there without incident , she said . Dallas and DeSoto investigators are working together on the case . The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives is investigating the nature of the explosive device , Franks said . No explanation for Florida shooting rampage that leaves 7 dead CNN 's Paul Caron , Tina Burnside and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Police say man killed four women ; one was a girlfriend , another an estranged wife They identify the suspected gunman as 44-year-old Erbie Bowser The shootings happened at two Dallas-area homes Three teens and an 11-year-old boy were hurt in shootings
CNN  -- There 's no doubt that Boyz II Men know a little something about love . The superstar R&B group even used the word as the title of their new album . "  Love " is their second project of cover tunes and also marks another go-round working with "  American Idol " judge Randy Jackson , who was a producer on the successful "  Motown : A Journey Through Hitsville USA . " The group covers a variety of love tunes , including Journey 's "  Open Arms , " the Goo Goo Dolls ' "  Iris , " and "  In My Life " by the Beatles . Boyz II Men clearly still loves performing , as they spend most of the year on the road thrilling fans with their classic hits like "  End of the Road " and "  I 'll Make Love To You . " Members Wanya Morris and Nate Morris  fellow member Shawn Stockman was sick with the H1N1 virus  spoke with CNN about their latest musical endeavor , what music puts them in the mood and whether fans should expect a reunion with former member Michael McCary . CNN : Why name the album "  Love ? " Wanya Morris : The title embodies everything that Boyz II Men represents . Every album we have ever done has always had a representation of love . We tried to reach and delve inside of this album and to not just go with the sound , but also the lyrical content that embodies that representation of love CNN : Boyz II Men has been around for almost 20 years . How has the music business changed ? Nate Morris : A lot of people do n't understand that music conforms to the day and times that it is in . It is a circular motion , but it never comes back exactly the same . We believe that the soul , the understanding , of true music has kind of disappeared . There was a time early in the '70s and the '80s when we started getting into the computers and synthesizers that we started getting away from it then , too . Right now , with the auto-tune and all of these different pro tools , we are kind of getting away from it again . This album is the type of album that will hopefully try to steer some of those musical people back in the direction of true music . CNN : There do n't really seem to be any R&B groups out right now representing like Boyz II Men has in the past . Why do you think that is ? Wanya : Groups are hard to come by . A lot of times , when a group is put together by an entity or a manager , -LSB- the members -RSB- never really had aspirations of being in a group . With our group , music put us together . We were not contrived by a manager . We loved the way we sounded together , even before we liked each other . CNN : How has Boyz II Men changed ? Nate : We have definitely grown in more ways than one . We have children now , some of us wives and relationships . We 're very big believers in learning and trying to gain as much wisdom as we can . We 've had some ups and downs in our careers , just like people have in their lives , and it 's set in a situation mentally where we understand our position in life . CNN : What 's the biggest lesson you both have learned as entertainers ? Nate : To stay consistent . It 's OK to move with the times , but stay consistent with who you are , not just because of who you are , but because of who your fans fell in love with . We try to be different , but we try not to sway too far from who our fans know us to be because you ca n't gain those people back if you lose them . CNN : What 's the first single from the new album ? Wanya : The first single we are pushing for is "  I Ca n't Make You Love Me , " originally done by Bonnie Raitt . We wanted to stay true to our roots , and it 's a very beautiful song . And with our sound , we gave it an R&B twist . It 's always been a favorite of ours , and we hope people will fall in love with it again . CNN : Is it difficult to cover songs that are so beloved and have been hugely successful ? Nate : Oh yes . There are so many people that have listened to these songs and fallen in love with the song as it was originally performed . We know that these songs have a fan base . We try to put our interpretation with how we think the song should be without swinging too far away from the solid concrete melody . Wanya : Integrity is important . Just like someone doing "  End of the Road . " If they take it so far away from what people know , the fans want to know , "  Why did they do that ? " CNN : Your music has set the mood for so many fans . What do you listen to when you want to get in the mood ? Wanya : Marvin Gaye , the Isley Brothers , anything with a nice feel . Nate : Anything lovely and sexy . I always tell people that everybody 's feelings about love are different . It 's funny because you take a language like English that only has one word to describe "  love , " while a language like Spanish has four or five . That gives you the understanding that love can mean so many different things to different people . CNN : Any upcoming plans for an album of original material ? Nate : Late , late next year , we are planning on releasing a Boyz II Men 20th anniversary album , which we are hoping to be a double CD . There 's a slim chance that our fourth member of the group will be back for that album .	Boyz II Men have a new album of cover tunes , their second "  Love " features the R&B group singing love songs from various artists The group will soon celebrate 20 years in the music industry They hope to celebrate their anniversary with a double CD , reunion with former member
CNN  -- It is a horse that most certainly meets with Royal approval but for now the Queen is happy for her filly Estimate to luxuriate in the grounds of her Sandringham estate . But even while the four-year-old puts her feet up after a hectic year on the track she is still winning prizes -- adding the prestigious Cartier Stayer Award to her impressive haul of trophies . Estimate 's most notable triumph was victory at the 2013 Gold Cup , as a thrilled looking Queen cheered it home from the Royal Box at Ascot . Ridden by Ryan Moore , Estimate stormed to victory in the prestigious Group One race in June , the first time in its 207-year history that the British monarch had owned the winner . But that is not the extent of her exhaustions . Estimate has also won four other English Classics -- the 1,000 and 2,000 Guineas , The Oaks and St. Leger -- meaning that only the Epsom Derby eludes her . The Queen received the award at Buckingham Palace on Monday and the footage was shown to around 330 guests who attended the ceremony at London 's Dorchester Hotel . The 87-year-old said : "  Thank you very much indeed and it 's very nice to accept the award on behalf of Estimate , who did all the work . That 's very kind . "  Estimate is sitting in a field at Sandringham now having a rest and watching the deer and things like that . Perhaps she 'll come back into training next year . "  I shall be thrilled to keep that  the Cartier Award trophy  and have it as a memento . I was just looking at it and thinking it could join all the trophies we have at Ascot . "  We have all the trophies . I have actually managed to win the Gold Cup , which is unusual . " Horse racing has long been a love of the Royal family , the Queen 's father King George VI passing on his love of the sport to his daughter Elizabeth . The Queen Mother also had a passion for steeplechase racing and when she died at the age of 101 in 2002 , she could boast 449 winners in her royal colors . "  She adores breeding racehorses , " the Queen 's racing manager John Warren told CNN . "  The British bloodstock industry is very lucky to have a patron such as the Queen . " Said to name all her own horses , the Queen has Royal studs at Sandringham and Wolferton in Norfolk and Polhampton in Berkshire , with around 25 horses racing a season . The Cartier Horse of the Year gong went to unbeaten three-year-old French filly Treve , who won this year 's Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe . She also claimed the French Oaks and Prix Vermeille crowns , emulating the feat of Zarkava in 2008 who also won all three titles in a season . Treve was purchased at auction by the Qatar-based Al Shaqab Racing for Â # 50,000 , a snip considering its value after winning the $ 6.25 million Arc .	The Queen 's horse Estimate wins the Cartier Stayer Award after a stellar year The four-year-old filly won the 2013 Gold Cup at Royal Ascot in front of the Queen Her Majesty is a keen horse racing enthusiast just like her mother and father Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Treve takes the Horse of the Year gong
CNN  -- New court documents released Friday in the Colorado movie theater shooting reveal that suspect James Holmes "  had conversations with a classmate about wanting to kill people " months before the July 20 massacre . The new details about evidence gathered in the case against Holmes were made public in a court document filed by prosecutors over a defense move to keep some of the suspect 's educational records from the University of Colorado private . "  The defendant had conversations with a classmate about wanting to kill people in March 2012 , and that he would do so when his life was over , " the document says . No other details are provided about those conversations . Holmes , 24 , is accused of opening fire at an Aurora theater last month during a midnight premiere of the latest Batman movie , "  The Dark Knight Rises , " leaving 12 dead and injuring 58 others . He has been charged with murder and attempted murder and faces two weapons charges . The new document also reveals more details about the timeline of events leading up to the theater shooting , beginning with Holmes failing his graduate school oral boards a month before the shooting . Holmes was a Ph.D. candidate studying neuroscience at the University of Colorado 's Anschutz campus in Aurora . Soon after , he was "  denied access to the school after June 12 , 2012 , after he made threats to a professor . " Prosecutors said Thursday that the threats were reported to campus police . Subsequently , Holmes "  started the process to voluntarily withdraw from his graduate studies program . " "  After he was denied access to the CU-Denver Anschutz campus , he began a detailed and complex plan to obtain firearms , ammunition , a tear-gas grenade , body armor , a gas-mask and a ballistic helmet , which were used in the commission of the murders and the attempted murders , " the document says . A shackled Holmes , his hair still dyed red , appeared at a Thursday court hearing in the ongoing fight between defense attorneys and prosecutors over access to his educational records . The main issue is whether the prosecution should receive non-medical documents from the university . These would include admissions forms , grades and transcripts . Prosecutors argue that Holmes ' records "  are relevant to the investigation . " The judge did not issue an immediate ruling . The University of Colorado said this month that it hired a former U.S. attorney to conduct an independent review into how the school handled Holmes . A court document revealed that Holmes was a patient of CU psychiatrist Lynne Fenton before the killings . She was so concerned about his behavior that she mentioned it to her colleagues , saying he could be a danger to others , CNN affiliate KMGH reported this month , citing sources with knowledge of the investigation . Fenton 's concerns surfaced in early June , sources told the Denver station . They told KMGH that Fenton contacted several members of a "  behavioral evaluation and threat assessment " team to say Holmes could be a danger to others , the station reported . The "  BETA " team consists of key staff members from various university departments who have specific expertise in dealing with assessing potential threats on campus , the school says on its website . "  Fenton made initial phone calls about engaging the BETA team " in "  the first 10 days " of June , but it "  never came together " because in the period Fenton was having conversations with team members , Holmes began the process of dropping out of school , a source told KMGH .	New court documents reveal conversations about wanting to kill Holmes is accused of killing 12 and injuring 58 others Prosecutors say Holmes also made threats to a professor
CNN  -- When players get their hands on "  Grand Theft Auto V " on Tuesday , the gaming world will get another titillating dose of the sex and violence that has come to define the series in the eyes of millions -- many of whom have never played it . Early reviews of the game confirm a checklist of activities from any good criminal 's daily planner : bong hits and lap dances , torture and tasers . They also herald the return of what The New York Times called "  the most immersive spectacle in interactive entertainment . " And in a world that 's learned to take "  Call of Duty " and Quentin Tarantino in stride , it 's a combination some predict could result in the most lucrative entertainment launch in history . "  GTA is easily one of the biggest game releases of the year , " said Steve Butts , editor-in-chief of games and entertainment site IGN.com . "  The previous game is still one of the biggest entertainment launches of all time , and there 's no reason to think GTA V will be any different . " Launched in 1997 , the "  Grand Theft Auto " series is one of the most successful in video-game history , selling more than 125 million units . Along the way , the series has transcended the gaming world to become a cultural phenomenon through its rare mix of popularity and controversy . Samuel L. Jackson , Dennis Hopper , Ricky Gervais , Peter Fonda and Debbie Harry are among the voice actors who have lent their talents to the series . Flipping the script on the typical good-versus-evil story , gamers play "  Grand Theft Auto " titles as criminals -- from two-bit hoodlums trying to work their way up the ranks of organized crime to seasoned , rough customers hell-bent on revenge for wrongs done to them by other crooks . Much of the franchise 's appeal is its status as an "  open world " game . While most video games , even those with story lines attached , keep the player busy on a predetermined course of action , open-world games allow greater freedom to explore . And while games with some open-world elements date back to the video arcades of the '80s , none had ever combined as many as the "  Grand Theft " series , creating an immersive experience for players of its 10 titles and numerous expansion packs . Want to work out ? Hit a night club ? Get a job ? Change the radio station on your car stereo ? All are possibilities . But there 's no denying that , for some players , the ability to do very nefarious things in that open universe has also been a draw . The game 's big breakout among players , as well as critics , came in 2001 with "  Grand Theft Auto III . " Perhaps the most notorious discovery in that version , set in a New York-like "  Liberty City , " was the player 's ability to hire a prostitute , have  offscreen  sex with her , kill her and then steal her money . The now-defunct GameSpy named "  GTA III " both "  Game of the Year " and "  Most Offensive Game of the Year . " "  I think this is a technically marvelous game that at the same time is absolutely reprehensible ... , " the site 's most-offensive "  honor " read . "  It 's a game that rewards you for killing innocent people by the dozen . In Grand Theft Auto 3 , I can hijack a car , kill the driver , run someone down on the street , commit drive-by shootings , and score points for doing all of it . "  In some scripted sequences , I 'm tasked to kill people at random . In one , the identities of the victims do n't even matter . The goal is merely to kill a certain amount of people within the allotted time . There are no significant penalties for offing bystanders . " The game was briefly banned in Australia and a modified version was later released . Other bans , protests and even lawsuits would follow . But IGN 's Butts says that 's not why the games have endured . "  The more salacious content definitely gets headlines -- and undoubtedly resonates with some members of the audience -- but the real appeal of GTA has always been in its open-ended world , " he said . "  Here 's a game where you exist in a simulation of a real city , a sort of real-world sandbox , where you can play golf , race cars , jump out of airplanes , fly blimps and loads of other activities . "  While those activities , by themselves , are fun , the real joy is in seeing the way the world responds to your actions and decisions . The combat and driving are obviously significant draws for some players , but they 're not what most set GTA apart . " Controversies over violent video games feel almost as old as video games themselves , dating back to the 1980s . Perhaps that 's why the din leading up to the release of "  GTA V " has n't been so loud . Which is not to say controversy has gone away . As recently as last month , authorities in Lousiana said an 8-year-old had been playing "  Grand Theft Auto IV " before he shot and killed his elderly caregiver .  Age 8 , it 's worth mentioning , is far too young to be playing the game according to its "  M for Mature " rating . The sheriff 's office implied the child 's activities in a violent virtual world might have led to the killing . But Butts and others see a cultural shift that 's taking the edge off of complaints . "  I will say that the drift of modern society normalizes subjects that the previous generations would have found objectionable , " he said . "  Creators in all media intentionally shock sensibilities either to make a point or simply to get noticed . "  Games exist within a larger context , particularly with regard to violence . Violence in games is just an expression of the presence of violence in all of our media and in society at large . " And for his part as an avid gamer , Butts welcomes anyone offended by popular titles such as "  Grand Theft Auto " to speak up . "  I do n't know that I think the protests will stop  and  frankly , I do n't think they should , " he said . "  Games are an increasingly important part of our culture , and we all have a responsibility to find a more appropriate , inclusive context to debate what is and is n't appropriate entertainment for certain audiences . "	"  Grand Theft Auto V " marks the return of one of gaming 's top titles The series is known for expansive play options , including violence In game , players are criminals free to act as they please Some say as our culture shifts , reaction to violent games is more muted
CNN  -- Surprise , mobility and the merciless treatment of opponents : the blueprint of the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq as it has gobbled up territory in both Syria and Iraq over the past few months . But as its adversaries regroup , ISIS -- which now calls itself the Islamic State -- may begin to suffer setbacks on the battlefield , according to a new analysis of its capabilities and tactics . "  As a defensive force , the ISIS may struggle to hold terrain if it is attacked simultaneously at multiple points or if its auxiliary allies begin to defect , " says Michael Knights , who has worked throughout Iraq and is now a fellow at The Washington Institute for Near East Policy . Knights says ISIS has a deep bench of talented military planners , veterans of the Iraq insurgency during the U.S. occupation and of the group 's creation of a mini-state in Syria . It has foreign jihadists who have fought in Chechnya and the Balkans . "  Yet the pace of the war against the ISIL is accelerating , and the group 's ability to continually shape and control the conflict will be sorely tested , " Knights writes in the latest edition of Sentinel , published by the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point . Military analysts say ISIS ' success so far is largely due to the weakness of its opponents , as well as years of meticulous planning after Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 's "  reboot " of the group in 2010 . This war of attrition included a campaign to intimidate and assassinate senior members of the Iraqi security forces last year , a campaign al-Baghdadi called the "  Soldiers ' Harvest . " Al-Baghdadi built a command structure designed to combine centralized control with execution at the local level . This was highly successful during 2012-13 when the group synchronized waves of car bombings in different locations across Iraq . It was in evidence at the weekend in Kurdish-controlled Kirkuk , when a series of three car bombs and a roadside bomb killed at least 20 people . ISIS has weaved this tactic into its current military campaign . Earlier this month , a well-planned attack against the Kurdish town of Jalula began with a suicide car bomb that killed more than 20 Peshmerga , "  a second tanker truck suicide device in the town center , followed by individual suicide-vest bombings on 12 checkpoints by fighters wearing Kurdish-style uniforms , " Knights says . These multiple suicide bombings instil fear and panic in civilians and military opponents alike . They are ISIS ' "  shock and awe " tactic , complemented by the agility and speed of ISIS units . "  The relative compactness of Iraq , where good roads allow large swathes of the country to be traversed in a single day , gives an aggressive force strong ability to concentrate forces at a given point of attack , " says Knights . There have been claims that ISIS is using U.S.-made M-1 Abrams tanks and Humvees seized from the Iraqi army . And sometimes heavy armor has made an important difference . ISIS used a single Iraqi T-55 tank of Soviet vintage earlier this month to fend off an attempt to break the siege of Amerli . But pinpoint U.S. airstrikes have already changed the local balance around the Mosul Dam and Sinjar . Knights told CNN : "  Though ISIS have undoubtedly captured 200-300 Humvees and will be able to keep them operational for many months before they require spare parts , other U.S.-provided vehicles are present in very limited amounts . In part this is because they are complex to operate and maintain . Very few were captured in good working order because the Iraqis themselves were having trouble keeping them running . " Knights says that there is no evidence that ISIS fighters have been able to operate M-1 Abrams -- nor U.S. manufactured 155mm howitzers . It does have far more armored trucks with heavy machine guns than it did before June , allowing it to overrun lightly armed checkpoints . "  But faced with U.S. airpower or even the slowly recovering Iraqi and Kurdish security forces , such vehicles become death traps , " says Knights , citing the group 's losses at the Mosul Dam . Making resistance appear hopeless to potential opponents is a critical part of ISIS ' strategy . A tribal revolt in Zowiya in Salahuddin province last month was met with sustained mortar fire that almost razed the town . Those who wanted to re-enter Zowiya had to "  repent . " "  If local populations can not mount an effective resistance to ISIS , then they likely will not attempt to do so , " says Jessica Lewis at the Institute for the Study of War . ISIS may have as few as 15,000 fighters for a vast area stretching from northern Syria to the middle of Iraq . So deception is also critical to its success . On many occasions it has appeared to be launching an attack -- drawing defending forces toward it -- only to strike the place those forces have left . Earlier this month , ISIS hit Jalula , after Peshmerga had left the town to confront an ISIS thrust at Makhmour . The fact that it has relatively few fighters per square mile may explain why it prefers to depopulate some towns because of an "  accentuated fear of local uprisings and informers , " says Knights . That could be a double-edged sword , because living among civilians in densely populated places should offer the group some protection . But there is evidence that the Iraqi air force strikes even when civilians are present . "  My sense from talking to people along the ISIS front line is that the group welcomes being able to shuffle discretely around depopulated towns , " says Knights . And airstrikes , unless limited and carefully targeted , might even end up helping ISIS . "  Airstrikes into the Sunni heartland of Iraq or Syria may exacerbate the sectarian conflict in the region by illustrating a passive or active alignment of the U.S. with Iran in order to bring firepower to bear against Sunnis , " says Lewis . ISIS has also traded on tribal rivalries to consolidate its position , "  such as by plugging into the anti-Kurdish sentiments of Arab tribes around Jalula or allowing Arab tribes to harvest the ripe wheat fields of displaced Shi`a Turkmen farmers at Amerli , " says Knights . These local arrangements may work for a time , but ISIS is likely to encounter stiffer opposition . Its use of surprise will be slowly devalued , as its tactics are studied -- and especially as the Iraqi Security Forces and Kurdish Peshmerga begin to receive a flow of real-time intelligence from the U.S. surveillance . Knights says he was told by Kurdish sources that ISIS tried to infiltrate the town of Tuz Khurmatu after dark two weeks ago . But its fighters were detected by the U.S. military , which provided Kurdish artillery with the coordinates required to blunt the attacks . Knights told CNN that "  U.S. special forces seem to be operating along the front line , visually checking and designating targets . U.S. headquarters personnel at the joint operations center in Irbil -LSB- the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan -RSB- are helping the Kurds and the -LSB- Iraqi -RSB- air force to coordinate their actions and to avoid ` friendly fire ' . " And then there is the weight of expectation among ISIS supporters . Its momentum has helped swell its ranks as both foreign fighters and young radicalized Iraqi Sunnis have flocked to join . But al-Baghdadi 's declaration of a Caliphate means ISIS has to "  demonstrate that its physical stronghold is defensible , or at least prevent rival militaries from attacking it , " says Lewis . ISIS has shown a rudimentary ability to defend its gains , building berms , booby-trapping approach roads and destroying bridges . It has successfully ambushed Iraqi troops and Shia militia trying to retake Tikrit . But defensive positions and predictable counterattacks leave its forces more exposed to airstrikes . "  ISIS ' defensive style has two components , " Knights told CNN . "  They use roadside bombs and vehicle-carried remotely detonated bombs to create explosive emplacement hazards along key routes and in key towns . The U.S. has shown that , along with ground sources , it can remotely spot and destroy these from the air . " "  ISIS ' other key preference is for counterattacks , almost as an instinctive reaction to losing ground . This is an organization that much prefers to be on the attack , even tactically , as part of a defensive operation . But counterattacking ISIS convoys are easy meat for U.S. airpower and even for Iraqi aviators , " he adds . And if ISIS has to do more defending than attacking -- as seems likely -- the Sunni communities that have supported , accepted or acquiesced to it may think twice . "  If the ISF and Kurdish forces undertake selective offensive operations on a widening number of battlefields , " Knights says , ISIS and its allies "  will undoubtedly become stretched , particularly if its ability to move and mass counterattacking forces is limited . " Another vulnerability may be lines of communication between Raqqa in Syria , ISIS ' administrative headquarters , and its units in Iraq . "  Snapping the ISIS caliphate in half is a key objective , both to undermine the narrative of a transnational caliphate that can be defended , and to reduce the synergies of two insurgencies fighting back-to-back , " Knights told CNN . For now , observers say ISIS still has momentum , and repeatedly demonstrates its ability to fight on many fronts simultaneously , pacify or co-opt towns and villages that might otherwise resist and hold territory against the Iraqi Security Forces , which have been weakened by several years of political interference and poor leadership . The idea that the ISF are capable of retaking Mosul anytime soon seems far-fetched . Better co-ordination among its opponents , and the psychological effect of going on the defensive , may begin to turn the tide . But to borrow a phrase from another conflict , most analysts believe we are not close to the beginning of the end in the battle against ISIS , rather anticipating the end of the beginning .	ISIS ' "  ability to continually shape and control the conflict will be sorely tested , " analyst says Its success so far is largely due to the weakness of its opponents , analysts say For now , observers say ISIS still has momentum , but opponents can turn the tide
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A federal judge on Tuesday set aside the conviction of Republican former Sen. Ted Stevens while excoriating the case 's prosecutors . A courtroom sketch shows ex - Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens at Tuesday proceedings , where he said he had "  new hope . " District Judge Emmet Sullivan also appointed an independent , nongovernment attorney , Henry Schuelke III , to investigate possible misconduct by the government lawyers who prosecuted the 85-year-old former senator from Alaska . "  In nearly 25 years on the bench , I 've never seen anything approaching the mishandling and misconduct that I 've seen in this case , " Sullivan said . In October , Stevens was found guilty of seven counts of lying on Senate ethics forms . He lost his bid for re-election in November to Democratic challenger Mark Begich , then mayor of Anchorage . In December , an unnamed FBI whistle-blower accused prosecutors of withholding evidence from the defense . The whistle-blower reported that someone with the government had an inappropriate relationship with Bill Allen , an oil industry executive who was the government 's key witness . In a dismissal motion filed Wednesday , the Justice Department acknowledged that Stevens was not given access to the notes taken by prosecutors during an April 2008 interview with Allen . The notes show that responses by Allen were inconsistent with testimony he gave against Stevens and that information from the interview could have benefited Stevens at trial , according to the motion . "  When we were finally given -LSB- the notes -RSB- , you might have thought my reaction would be to celebrate , do high-fives , that we were right , " Brendan Sullivan , an attorney for Stevens , said Tuesday . "  It was not like that at all . I was sick to my stomach . How could they do that ? Then my revulsion turned to rage , silent rage for a number of days . " The revelation also helped prompt Attorney General Eric Holder to drop the case . "  In light of this conclusion , and in consideration of the totality of the circumstances of this particular case , I have determined that it is in the interest of justice to dismiss the indictment and not proceed with a new trial , " Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement last week . "  If I were Sen. -LSB- Robert -RSB- Byrd , I 'd say ` hallelujah , ' " a triumphant Stevens said after leaving the courthouse Tuesday . Stevens maintained his innocence throughout a government investigation that led to an indictment and conviction for failing to disclose hundreds of thousands of dollars of "  freebies " from an oilfield services company on Senate ethics forms . In a statement read to the court Tuesday , Stevens said that his faith in the justice system had been restored . "  Until recently , my faith in the criminal justice system was unwavering . But what some members of this prosecution team did nearly destroyed my faith . Their conduct has consequences they must know can never be reversed , " he said . "  But -LSB- I now have -RSB- new hope that others may be spared from similar miscarriages of justice . " Stevens added that he would "  encourage the enactment of legislation to reform laws relating to the responsibilities and duties of those entrusted with the solemn task of enforcing federal criminal laws . " Paul O'Brien , one of the new government attorneys assigned to the case , made no attempt to the justify the conduct of the previous prosecution team . "  We deeply regret this occurred , " he said . "  We apologize to the court . " In issuing his ruling , Sullivan noted the Justice Department 's investigation into potential misconduct by government prosecutors had gone on for six months with no result . "  The silence is deafening , " Sullivan said . See what the reversal means for the Justice Department " The judge previously had excoriated prosecutors during the trial and held the prosecution in contempt at one point . One of Stevens ' longtime friends , Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah , said last weekend that Stevens was "  screwed by our own Justice Department . " Hatch praised Holder for "  standing up and fixing this foul situation . " "  I think he 's more than shown integrity and decency in this matter , and it 's not an easy thing for him to do that , " Hatch said . "  He has , in looking at it , realized now what people like myself have been saying is 100 percent right . " In the days that followed the Justice Department 's dismissal motion , Alaska state Republican leaders , including Gov. Sarah Palin , called on Begich to step down and allow a rematch without what has been called the "  taint " of a criminal case against Stevens . "  There 's no way -LSB- Stevens -RSB- can just ` put this behind him ' as some have suggested he should , " Palin said in a statement released Tuesday . Begich , while indicating his support for a special prosecutor to investigate the botched prosecution , stated that he intends to serve his six-year term . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report	NEW : "  Highly qualified " attorney to conduct inquiry into prosecutorial misconduct District Judge Emmet Sullivan says 6-month case unfruitful : "  Silence is deafening " Stevens says he hopes "  others may be spared from similar miscarriages of justice "
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- U.S. and Pakistani troops exchanged fire Thursday along the Pakistani-Afghan border minutes after the Pakistani military fired shots at two American helicopters that were providing cover for the troops , a U.S. military spokesman said . Pakistan says it shot at two U.S. OH-58D helicopters like this one pictured in a U.S. Army photo . The U.S. Army OH-58D Kiowas , part of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force mission in Afghanistan , were patrolling the Pakistani-Afghan border when the Pakistani military fired on them , NATO and U.S. officials said . The Pakistani military said the fire was warning shots , and President Asif Ali Zardari said it was flares . Both Zardari and the Pakistani military said the helicopters had crossed into Pakistani territory -- a charge U.S. officials denied . Rear Adm. Greg Smith of U.S. Central Command said the helicopters were providing cover for a small U.S. military unit accompanying an Afghan border police unit on a routine patrol . After the shots were fired at the helicopters , Smith told CNN , the U.S. troops fired "  suppressing rounds " into a nearby hill to get the Pakistanis to stop . That prompted the Pakistani troops to stop firing at the helicopters and fire instead in the direction of the troops , he said . The U.S. troops then returned fire , Smith said . No injuries were reported in the five-minute incident . Smith and other U.S. officials said the helicopter crews did not fire back . But the Pakistanis disagreed , asserting in a written statement that the helicopters "  returned fire " after the initial shots were fired . "  The helicopters passed over our border post and were well within Pakistan territory " at the time that "  security forces fired anticipatory warning shots , " the Pakistani statement said . After the shots were fired , "  the helicopters returned fire and flew back . " The Pakistani statement did not mention exchanging fire with ground troops and did not identify the shots as flares , as Zardari did in New York in an appearance with U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice . "  They are flares , " he said in response to a question asking why the Pakistani military was firing on NATO helicopters . "  Just to make sure that they know they crossed the border line . " Asked if such warnings will continue , he replied , "  Sometimes the border is so mixed that they do n't realize that they crossed the border . " Rice , off camera , agreed that "  the border is very unclear " and "  inhospitable . " Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman reiterated the United States ' stance that the two helicopters were over Afghan territory . "  The Pakistanis need to provide the U.S. a reason to why this took place , " he said . The ISAF issued a news release saying that "  ISAF helicopters received small-arms fire from a Pakistan military checkpoint along the border near Tanai district , Khowst . " "  At no time did ISAF helicopters cross into Pakistani airspace . " The ISAF did not mention ground troops or say whether the helicopters returned fire . Both the ISAF and Pakistani military said they are working to resolve the issue . Last week , Zardari said Pakistan would not allow foreign nations to violate its sovereignty to pursue terrorists . "  We will not tolerate the violation of our sovereignty and territorial integrity by any power in the name of combating terrorism , " he said in his first speech to Parliament as president . His remark followed a similar declaration from Pakistan 's military chief , Gen. Parvez Kayani , who said this month that Pakistan 's territorial integrity "  will be defended at all cost , and no external force is allowed to conduct operations . " A senior defense official in the Pentagon said the Pentagon is trying to determine the details of Thursday 's incident . "  What we do n't know if this was just a case of trigger-happy members of the Frontier Corps , " the official said , "  or whether in fact the Pakistani military does have orders to fire on our helicopters . " "  We are confident our helicopters were on the Afghan side of the border , and we have no report they fired back , " the official added . Top U.S. commanders will be talking to the Pakistani military about the incident to determine if there was a misunderstanding and to ensure it does n't happen again , a U.S. official familiar with details of the incident said . The official said this is the first verified incident of U.S. troops being fired upon by Pakistani forces . There were at least two previous reports in recent days out of Pakistan about similar incidents , but the United States has said neither of those reports was true . Reza Sayah in Pakistan , CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr and CNN senior Pentagon correspondent Jamie McIntyre contributed to this story .	NEW : U.S. says it returned fire after Pakistanis fired shots at American copters Pakistani president says military fired only flares Attack comes after president , general warned foreign troops to stay out Pakistani , U.S. officials say they are working to resolve the issue
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Disney star Mia Talerico is learning at a very young age about the dangers of celebrity . Someone posted online death threats against the 5-year-old actress , police said . Talerico plays Charlie in "  Good Luck Charlie , " a hit Disney Channel series that has been canceled after 100 episodes . The final show airs in February . The Los Angeles Police Department 's threat management unit is investigating the threats , according to LAPD spokesman Andrew Smith . Police are not disclosing the nature of the threats because of the investigation is "  very sensitive , " Smith said . A Disney spokesman replied "  no comment " when asked by CNN . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed this report .	Mia Talerico , 5 , plays Charlie in "  Good Luck Charlie , " a hit Disney Channel series Los Angeles Police Department 's threat management unit is investigating Police are n't disclosing the nature of the threats
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Intense rain and gushing flood waters threatened Wednesday to cause more misery in monsoon-bloated Pakistan , where 3 million people are already suffering . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged Americans to donate to relief efforts , saying that experience in post-earthquake Haiti showed that small donations can make a big difference . Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani appealed to residents to curtail expenditures for Ramadan feasts and upcoming independence day celebrations and contribute instead to help their desperate compatriots . As many as 1,500 people have died in Pakistan 's worst flooding in 70 years . Relief agencies were struggling to reach people who have lost everything to walls of water . Many were cut off after roads and bridges washed away . Thousands of others were people already displaced by violence in Pakistan and neighboring Afghanistan , according to the United Nations refugee agency . The flooding also washed away tens of thousands of homes , devastated livestock and swept away farm land . The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said it has distributed 10,000 tents so far , along with other relief supplies which have assisted some 50,000 people in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan provinces . Speaking to reporters in Washington , Clinton stressed the importance of U.S. assistance to Pakistan , a strategically important country whose relationship with Washington continues to be a work on progress . The Obama administration is looking to turn the natural disaster into opportunity , hoping a robust response to the crisis will help improve its poor image among a skeptical Pakistani public . A senior Pakistani military official told CNN that six U.S. helicopters landed at Ghazi airbase Wednesday near the village of Tarbela Ghazi , just north of Islamabad , to participate in the rescue and relief work . The United States has already committed $ 10 million in aid , and U.S. helicopters have airlifted flood victims and helped deliver critical supplies including temporary bridges and 300,000 halal meals , food that meets Islamic dietary law . "  We 've been working hard over the past year to build a partnership with the people of Pakistan , and this is an essential element of that partnership -- reaching out and helping each other in times of need , " Clinton said . She urged Americans to use their cell phones to text the word "  SWAT " to the number 50555 to make a $ 10 contribution to the U.N. refugee agency . The Pakistan Meteorological Department predicted more misery in the days ahead . As much as 2 inches of rain is forecast over the next two days for central Pakistan while scattered showers will continue to fall in the north . Rushing river waters could cause more flooding in downstream areas by this weekend , meteorologists said . In some areas , Pakistanis complained the government has been sluggish to respond . In a special emergency meeting Wednesday , Gilani said the government was doing all it could to address the crisis . People stranded in Tonsa Sharif and Dera Ghazi Khan were still waiting for government relief , reported CNN affiliate Geo TV . Meanwhile , limited access to clean water and poor hygienic conditions raised the threat of widespread acute respiratory infections , diarrhea and skin infections , said the medical group Medecins Sans Frontieres  also known as Doctors Without Borders  , which is supporting health units in Mandrakhel , Wadpaga , and Gulbela in the Peshawar district , and the Paddi Hospital in the Nowshera district . Collapsed bridges meant the medical teams were unable to reach the badly hit North Swat region . A case of cholera has been confirmed in Swat . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Elise Labott contributed to this report	NEW : Secretary of State Hillary Clinton appeals for aid NEW : Clinton says the crisis aid is essential part of building ties with Pakistan About 3 million people have been affected by monsoon rains and flooding Some Pakistanis say their government has been slow to respond
CNN  -- Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick is expected to plead guilty to federal conspiracy charges involving an illegal dogfighting operation , according to one of his attorneys . Leah Perry , who sent this photo of son Bobby and dog Rosie , thinks Vick should not be allowed back on the field . The plea deal may include prison time , but the NFL has not yet decided what football sanctions , if any , it should impose on Vick , a spokesman said . We asked CNN.com readers whether they thought Vick would -- or should -- play professional football again as well as their opinions on the case . Below is a selection of those responses , some of which have been edited for length and clarity . Stephanie King of Arlington , Washington Michael Vick is a disgrace . For anyone thinking he should be let off easy for admitting his guilt -- think again . The only reason he did that was because he knew the evidence against him was so great . Remember only shortly ago he was stating vehemently that he "  only owned " the property and had no idea what was going on there . It was n't until the eyewitness accounts were brought to light that he "  apologized . " One can not be "  sorry " for torturing and killing animals . As you know it 's been proven that those with the ability to do so also have a stronger chance of being abusive to humans . How can we allow someone like that to be a role model for children ? If we do we 're degrading our society and shame on us . Patricia Reese of Paola , Kansas Yes , I think Mr. Vick should be allowed to play football again . He is a talented individual and it would be a shame to waste that talent . I also believe he should be able to rebuild his life . However , as part of his restitution to society , I believe he should contribute at least 40 % of his salary for what could have potentially been his maximum jail sentence to the Humane Society to help abused and abandoned animals . Debbie Clayton of Greensboro , North Carolina He should never be allowed to play -LSB- in the -RSB- NFL or earn a dime associated with the NFL . He should be made to work so many hours per week , every week , at minimum wage at an Animal Shelter . Jeff Wise of Atlanta , Georgia Why not give him a chance to play again ? Seriously how many chances has the NFL given to Ricky Williams ? Smoking pot is against the law , but he 's been given a number of chances , and STILL is n't banned from the NFL ! Jeremy Montgomery of Mount Laurel , New Jersey I think that Vick should not be allowed to step on the field again and any endorsement deals revoked . What he did was reprehensible . He is in a spotlight where he should be held at a higher standard for a role model . Josh Hebert of Loganville , Georgia He should take whatever punishment our government gives him , but when he has done his time  if he does do time  he should be able to continue playing football . The charges against him are not football related in any way . Angela Ziegler of Cleveland , Ohio The NFL needs to "  step up to the plate " and be the man that Michael Vick is not . Allowing him in their league gives a signal that animal abuse is OK with them . Remember Jeffrey Dahmer started as an animal abuser ! Want him as your role model or a spokesman ? Kelly Koch of Holland , Michigan The NFL and all sponsors should refrain from any future contact with Michael Vick . I , for one , will boycott those with future dealings with him . John Robinson of Redmond , Washington Pro athletes are constantly getting in trouble with the law . Unless we make a policy that all players who are convicted of a felony are banned from the league , then Vick should be allowed to play after a suspension . Randy Jonson of Stamford , Connecticut Until I know the depth of the gambling angle it 's hard to be certain . Dog fighting is brutal but if it 's only dog fighting/killing , he should get whatever the feds give him and be able to return to football once his debt is paid . Bill Saray of Derby , Connecticut Vick should never play again . He was n't the best QB to begin with . Anyone with such a blatant disregard for life -- animal or human -- is not worthy of the position in life he was given . Playing in the NFL is not a right . As such , the league should ban him permanently , while society should shun him publicly . If only scarlet letters were still around . Todd Morrison of Howell , Michigan Mr. Vick should be judged of his crime . Not by his fame , nor his race . He should be prosecuted as a person . I believe Mr. Vick 's NFL playing days should be determined by the NFL commissioner with consideration of the NFL 's personal conduct policy . This is how everyone should be treated in America . Everyone is equal regardless of popularity , fame , and race . Lance G. of Dearborn Heights , Michigan First off , I am an African-American ... this is NOT a race issue . I wish the ignorant people here in the U.S. would get off that tip . This is not an issue to raise the "  race " card . Even his so-called homies  who were all black  turned on him . Vick ... committed a felony and now he has to pay for it . He should have chosen a better hobby in life than dog fighting . As for playing football ... he should be banned from the league for at least 2 to 3 years , including his jail time . Leah Perry of Chelmsford , Massachusetts I do n't think Vick should be allowed to play football , nor should he get off easy . After he serves his sentence , I think he should work at the MSPCA -LSB- to -RSB- make him see what cruelty to animals really looks like in all aspects . Steven Todd of Fort Wayne , Indiana I think Michael Vick will play football again , though at what level is anybody 's guess . I do not think he should be banned for life . He may have gambled , but not on the game as Pete Rose did . A suspension is in order and I think a year would be fair , but a prison term and suspension would put him out of football for up to three years , and who knows what kind of QB he will be after this ordeal and so long an absence ? Jennifer Runyan of Fayetteville , North Carolina I think the whole Michael Vick case is disgusting . The NFL needs to ban him permanently . He should n't be able to use the obscene amount of money he makes to torture innocent animals . Kids looked up to him and how many of them will think that abuse is OK now ? I do n't think he deserves to play ever again . I applaud the people sending Michael Vick jerseys into the Atlanta Humane Society to use cleaning the kennels , now that 's appropriate ! Watch what a dog thinks of his Vick jersey Debbie Connor of Whitesville , Kentucky No , he should not be granted the right to play pro football again ! He was given the "  Golden " key to a life of fame and riches and he blew it away . He should be working for the road department , picking up "  Road Kill " off the streets ! Julio Hernandez of Kalamazoo , Michigan He needs to be banned from the NFL forever . These "  men " are role models for the youth of this country . What kind of message would we be sending to them if we were to let him play in the NFL again ? Not a good one , I can tell you that much . He 's through . And if he 's not , I certainly wo n't be watching any Falcons games , or for that matter any team he may eventually play for . Nichelle Williams of Woodbridge , Virginia If Imus is going to return back to the air ... then Vick should return to the field . You violate some people or beings ; you apologize , let the air clear and go on with business as usual ! John Brandon of Old Hickory , Tennessee To make a long story short -- my family will never watch a game with Michael Vick in attendance . E-mail to a friend	Michael Vick to take plea deal on dogfighting charges NFL expected to announce how the case will affect his career CNN.com readers shared their thoughts on Vick 's future , send your I-Report
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Six people were killed in Pakistan on Saturday when Muslim demonstrators set fire to houses in a Christian enclave and fighting broke out , local police said . Pakistani human rights activists in Lahore protest on Saturday the anti-Christian violence in Gojra village . Police said Muslims were enraged over an alleged desecration of pages in the Quran at a Christian wedding last Saturday , and held a rally to protest . The Quran is the Muslim sacred text . The Muslims went to the Christian community in Gojra City , 160 kilometers  100 miles  southwest of Lahore , and burned 40 to 50 houses . Muslims and Christians exchanged gunfire . Police said efforts to settle the concerns with dialogue so far have failed . On Thursday , 15 Christian houses in the region were also torched . Pakistan is predominantly Muslim but has a small Christian community . Meanwhile , police in Islamabad reported Friday that an al Qaeda member thought to be involved in several attacks was arrested . Bin Yamin , a senior police official in Islamabad , identified the suspect as Rao Shakir Ali . Police believe he was involved in strikes on targets such as the Danish Embassy , a rally of Chief Justice Iftikhar Chauhdary , police , and a hotel . The suspect is a resident of Sargodha , which is 165 kilometers  about 100 miles  northwest of Lahore and has a house in Rawalpindi that has been used to facilitate insurgent acts , police said . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Fighting broke out as Muslims torched 40 to 50 houses in Christian enclave Muslims enraged over an alleged desecration of Quran at a Christian wedding Muslims burned 15 Christian homes on Thursday Pakistan predominantly Muslim , but has a small Christian community
Amid leaden wintry skies , it may come as a surprise to Londoners but new figures suggest the city has beaten its arch rival , Paris , to become the world 's most popular city for tourists . However , a growing spat between the the two cities ' administrations suggests that , when it comes to comparisons between London and Paris , there are only lies , damn lies and statistics . Figures released this week by the UK 's Office for National Statistics show that 4.9 million people visited London from July to September 2013 . That was an increase of 20 % on the same period in the previous year -- during which London hosted the Olympics -- and a new quarterly record . Taking a wider view , for the first nine months of 2013 , 12.8 million visitors flocked to the British capital , an increase of 12 % compared with the previous year . The figures prompted the city 's promotional body , London and Partners , to proclaim that London was "  on course to welcome over 16 million visitors in one year . " That in turn has led to reports in Britain and abroad that London has trumped Paris as the most visited city in the world . The two cities have actually swapped the top spot on various lists in recent years . According to the MasterCard Global Destinations Cities Index for 2012 , London narrowly beat out Paris for the top spot with 16.9 million visitors . ` Greatest city on the planet ' For the mayor of London , Boris Johnson , the statistics only underlined the obvious . "  These incredible figures prove that London is without doubt the greatest city on the planet , " he said . "  With so many fascinating museums , the best theater scene in the world , more green space than any other European city , numerous top sporting venues , a low crime rate and much else besides , it 's no wonder that people from all over the globe are flocking to London in record numbers . " A long , hot summer , Andy Murray 's Wimbledon win , the birth of Prince George and blockbuster West Ends shows including "  The Book of Mormon " were put forward as potential reasons for the surge in tourist numbers , along with the legacy of the Olympics from the year before . Top London attractions such as the Tower of London and St. Paul 's Cathedral said visitor numbers were "  through the roof " last summer , with an increase of 17 % on 2012 , the London Evening Standard reported . St. Paul 's welcomed 353,463 visitors between May and August , up by almost half on 2012 . Spat turns nasty All pretty impressive , but it turns out that the source of London 's promotion to top tourist spot was none other than ... French . Proclaiming "  London dethrones Paris , " the conservative daily Le Figaro had compared London 's projected 16 million visitors with a 2012 figure of 15.9 million visitors to Paris . Things have only got nastier since . Seizing on the comparison , Paris 's right wing mayoral candidate , Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet , claimed the numbers showed Paris 's Socialist administration as failing the city . That 's just Paris bashing , one of those Socialists , Paris 's deputy mayor Anne Hidalgo , retorted . Other figures , her office said , revealed Paris still to be beating the sprawling , unsophisticated pretender over La Manche when it comes to pulling in tourists . Indeed , London is in some ways just a "  suburb " of the far more attractive French capital , she told reporters . Paris ` still No. 1 ' "  Like it or not , while London may have attracted more visitors around the Olympic Games , Paris remains the number one world tourist destination , even if we only include foreign visitors and not national ones , " Hidalgo said . London was "  boastful " about its strengths , even deceptive , whereas the French were "  rational " in their self assessments . "  London aggressively sells itself ... in a way that goes beyond the truth . We are more rational in our communication when speaking about Paris 's strengths , " Hidalgo said . In 2012 , 29 million domestic and foreign tourists visited the wider city of Paris , Hidalgo 's office said . By contrast , Greater London -- 10 times larger -- pulled in only 27.6 million tourists of all nationalities . While clearly superior intellectually to Londoners , Parisians could , Hidalgo conceded , appear "  arrogant . " "  We could be a bit more amiable , " she said . "  I often tell people they must smile more . It costs nothing . " Gordon Ramsay weighs in Parisian spluttering be damned , London and Partners has used its figures to promote a new video campaign , The London Story , in which well known Londoners reveal what they most love about the city . Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay says : "  You ca n't beat a good London curry . I 've been to India but I find curries in Brick Lane -LSB- in the East End -RSB- better . It 's not just curries . "  There 's nowhere better in the world to eat than in London , " says Ramsay . "  A great thing about London is shopping , " adds Sixties It girl Twiggy . "  What girl does n't love shopping ? London is the best -- we 've always been the best in fashion . "	Figures show London beating Paris as most visited city by tourists last year Olympics legacy , royal baby and "  Book of Mormon " all possible reasons Paris decries statistics as "  boastful " and misleading
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal 's status as the world 's top tennis player may have dimmed slightly with two recent final defeats , but the Spaniard showed again on Sunday that he is the man to beat on clay . The 24-year-old extended his record of most successive titles in an ATP Tour event with his seventh success in Monte Carlo , boosting his leading tally of Masters Series crowns to 19 . Nadal beat fourth-seeded compatriot David Ferrer 6-4 7-5 in the final as he shook off successive losses on hard-court surfaces to the pretender to his throne , Novak Djokovic , to claim his 44th career title and the $ 630,000 first prize . He has won 30 of those on clay , putting him equal third in the post-1968 Open Era list alongside compatriot Manuel Orantes and Bjorn Borg . "  Rafa is incredible on clay . I mean , he 's everywhere at the same time . He 's the best player on clay in history , " Ferrer told the tournament 's official web site . Djokovic , unbeaten in 2011 , missed this tournament due to a knee injury but the Serbian is expected to line up alongside Nadal at the Madrid Masters at the start of next month . Nadal won that event last year as he went through the clay season unbeaten , culminating in his fifth French Open triumph . That run saw him beat Ferrer in the final of the Rome Masters , and he again denied the 29-year-old a 1,000-point haul in Monte Carlo on Sunday as he avenged his defeat at the Australian Open quarterfinals in January . Ferrer dropped serve as early as the third game , but the world No. 6 broke back immediately as both players made uncharacteristic errors that would be symptomatic of a match also featuring moments of brilliance . Nadal broke again in the fifth game and won the opening set in 70 minutes . He won against serve in the third game of the second set before Ferrer fought back to lead 5-4 , but Nadal broke him again to go 6-5 up and sealed victory when his opponent netted on the second match-point . Nadal 's only defeat in Monte Carlo came at his first appearance in 2003 . Is Sharapova back as a real contender ? Meanwhile , Russia ended Italy 's Fed Cup reign by reaching the final of the women 's teams event with a comprehensive 5-0 victory on Sunday . The home team led 2-0 after the opening day in Moscow , and world No. 3 Vera Zvonareva put her country into the title match for the first time since her last appearance in the tournament in 2008 by beating Roberta Vinci 6-4 6-2 . With the tie over , Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova stepped in for Saturday 's singles winner Svetlana Kuznetsova to hand Sara Errani her second defeat as the Russian triumphed 7-6  7-5  7-6  7-4  . Pavlyuchenkova and Ekaterina Makarova then sealed the whitewash , beating Alberta Brianti and Maria-Elena Camerin 7-6  7-3  6-1 in the doubles . Italy had won the title the past two years , but went into this match without top-ranked players Francesca Schiavone and Flavia Pennetta . Four-time champions Russia will play the Czech Republic in the final after the other semifinal in Belgium went to the deciding doubles rubber after both teams won a singles tie on Sunday . Czech No. 1 Petra Kvitova gave her country a 2-1 lead in Charleroi with a 7-5 4-6 2-6 victory over Yanina Wickmayer , Belgium 's top-ranked player in the absence of injured world No. 2 Kim Clijsters . But 106th-ranked Kirsten Flipkens leveled the score again by beating Barbora Zahlavova-Strycova 6-2 6-3 . Zahlavova-Strycova then paired up with Iveta Benesova to beat Flipkens and Wickmayer 6-4 6-4 to seal a 3-2 win . Czechoslovakia won the title five times but not since separating into two nations following the Velvet Revolution in 1989 .	Rafael Nadal wins seventh consecutive Monte Carlo title , beating David Ferrer in final World No. 1 bounces back after two Masters Series final defeats in the U.S. He extends his record total of Masters 1000 titles to 19 after winning 6-4 7-5 Italy 's Fed Cup reign ends after 5-0 defeat by Russia in semifinal of women 's event
CNN  A federal investigation has not found enough evidence to charge Darren Wilson for depriving Michael Brown of his civil rights , according to multiple sources familiar with the probe . This would be the second time the former police officer has avoided standing trial in the black teen 's fatal shooting last summer in Ferguson , Missouri . The FBI joined local officials in interviewing more than 200 people -- and looked at much the same evidence -- as a St. Louis County grand jury that decided in November not to indict Wilson , who is white , on any charges in Brown 's death . That federal law enforcement agency has now completed its investigation into the August shooting and sent its findings to the Justice Department , a law enforcement official and a separate U.S. official said Wednesday . Based on that probe , Justice Department prosecutors wo n't recommend civil rights charges against Wilson because there is not sufficient evidence to support them , a U.S. official told CNN . The New York Times first reported the development Wednesday . The Justice Department report has not been completed , and Attorney General Eric Holder ultimately will make the final decision whether to press federal civil rights charges against Wilson . Still , it would n't be a surprise if Holder does n't call for charges . While he 's been outspoken on Ferguson , met with Brown 's family and said he understood African-Americans ' mistrust for police after the incident , the attorney general acknowledged in November that "  federal civil rights law imposes a high legal bar in these types of cases . " The shooting of the 18-year-old Brown stirred months of emotionally charged , widespread and at times violent demonstrations in Ferguson , a few miles northwest of St. Louis . "  Hands up , do n't shoot " became a mantra for protesters nationwide decrying what they called undue , unfair police violence against African-Americans , resonating even after grand jury testimony disputed whether Brown ever actually raised his arms in surrender . Those protests bubbled up in the days immediately after the shooting , with anger growing due to what some saw as law enforcement 's heavy-handed response . And they swelled again after the grand jury 's decision this fall not to indict Wilson on state charges . If Holder decides , based on prosecutors ' recommendation , not to press federal civil rights charges against Wilson , that could rile things up yet again . Antonio French , a St. Louis city alderman who has been involved in the Ferguson protests , thinks some people will be disappointed , at the least . "  The community and the family wanted a day in court , an opportunity to see all the evidence laid out , cross-examined , " French said . "  And it looks like that 's not going to happen . I hope we do n't have any violence as a result of this . " For now , though , Brown 's family is laying low . What are the Brown family 's options ? Benjamin Crump , a lawyer for the family , has said he felt federal civil rights charges against Wilson were "  not very likely " given the "  very high standard " that has to be met . CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin has noted that authorities would need proof that Wilson exhibited "  racial hostility , " presumably by what he said before , during or after the shooting . The Brown camp deferred comment on Wednesday 's news reports suggesting there would be no charges . "  The family of Michael Brown Jr. will wait for official word from the Justice Department regarding whether or not any charges will be filed against the police officer who shot and killed him , " Crump said in a written statement . "  The family wo n't address speculation from anonymous sources . " Even without charges , this story is n't over . It 's possible that Brown 's family will file a civil lawsuit against Wilson , who resigned in late November citing security concerns . And the U.S. Justice Department still has another open investigation -- this one looking at the Ferguson Police Department as a whole . "  Anecdotal accounts underscore the history of mistrust of law enforcement in Ferguson that has received a good deal of attention , " Holder said in September . "  Our investigation will assess the police department 's use of force , including deadly force . It will analyze stops , searches and arrests . And it will examine the treatment of individuals detained at Ferguson 's city jail . " That investigation could lead to significant changes in Ferguson , much as similar federal probes have produced in New Orleans , Los Angeles , Pittsburgh , Cincinnati and elsewhere . But it would n't mean charges for Wilson , personally , or that anyone would go on trial . It 's also possible there could be legislation , policy changes or personnel turnovers not forced by the federal government . In his State of the State speech on Wednesday , Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon said addressing "  the broader , systemic issues " raised by the unrest that followed the killing of Brown would demand "  sustained effort . " "  The legacy of Ferguson will be determined by what we do next ... to foster healing and hope ... and the changes we make to strengthen all of our communities , " he said . At the least , French said , he expects more protests to keep up pressure on authorities . "  That 's a good thing , " he said . "  But we want to keep them peaceful , nonviolent because violence makes the situation worse . It divides the community in a time we need to come together and make everyone feel like they can get equal protection . " Ultimately , he said , some of the protesters ' goals can be achieved outside the courts . "  The next steps I think are legislative change , " French said , "  trying to make sure that in cases like this we get a special prosecutor by law , and to create a new level of civilian oversight over police departments . " CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz , Catherine E. Shoichet , Dave Alsup , Jethro Mullen and Wolf Blitzer contributed to this report .	Sources : Federal prosecutors do n't think there 's enough proof for civil rights charges A grand jury decided against state charges for ex-Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson It all stems from Michael Brown 's fatal shooting , which stirred up large , emotional protests
CNN  -- For a website devoted to exposing secrets , WikiLeaks.org is pretty good at keeping its own . Not much is confirmed about exactly who founded it and runs it , who donates money to allow the five or so full-time people and hundreds of volunteers to keep it going , and where it all happens . Despite such murkiness , WikiLeaks has gained international notoriety since it started posting classified documents and other secret information from a European base in January 2007 . In April , video of a U.S. military helicopter strike in Iraq that killed two Reuters journalists raised questions about the attack , as well as how WikiLeaks got the military tapes . Now , rumors abound that WikiLeaks is poised to post more video of Americans at war , perhaps involving U.S. air strikes in Afghanistan that killed civilians and prompted a military report critical of what happened . The Pentagon has taken notice . In a secret 2008 report leaked to WikiLeaks , the U.S. Army Counterintelligence Center called the website a potential threat to U.S. forces and counterintelligence efforts . "  Recent unauthorized release of DoD  Department of Defense  sensitive and classified documents provide FISS  foreign intelligence and security services  , foreign terrorist groups , insurgents and other foreign adversaries with potentially actionable information for targeting U.S. forces , " said the report posted on WikiLeaks . To Julian Assange , the website 's director and only public face , it 's all about providing information necessary for citizens to make decisions that shape their future . "  All the information in a society , all the happenings in a society , is relevant to choosing to support " a government , political parties and particular leaders , Assange said in an interview posted on WikiLeaks on June 1 . More revealing was an April interview on the U.S. comedy show "  The Colbert Report , " in which Assange acknowledged to host Stephen Colbert that the goal of posting secret documents was to gain the "  maximum possible political impact . " For example , Assange told Colbert , he titled the video on the Iraqi helicopter strike that killed the Reuters journalists "  Collateral Murder " because , he said , that 's what happened . At the same time , Assange said , WikiLeaks always provides to the public all the video or documents available so that viewers can decide for themselves . "  If people have a different opinion , the full material is there for them to analyze and assess , " Assange told Colbert . WikiLeaks publishes anonymously submitted documents , video and other sensitive materials after vetting them , it says . It claims never to have fallen for a forgery . A scouring of Internet sources found some basic information about the website , including that it was started by a group of activists that included Chinese political dissidents and it survives on donations . Assange , an Australian journalist depicted in media reports as a former computer hacker , described WikiLeaks in a January interview as run by five or so full-time people supported by hundreds of volunteers . His work with WikiLeaks won Amnesty International 's 2009 UK Media Award in the new media category for "  Kenya : The Cry of Blood -- Extra Judicial Killings and Disappearances , " a suppressed report on police killings by Kenya 's National Commission on Human Rights . In the January interview posted on the Medien-Okonomie-Blog , Assange described an almost covert operation with no headquarters that needs roughly $ 300,000 a year to function as a mostly volunteer organization . "  But there are people who ca n't afford to continue being involved full-time unless they are paid , " he said , estimating the costs would approach $ 1 million year if that happened . He explained the value that WikiLeaks provides to the mainstream media by publishing otherwise unobtainable information . "  We take the most legally difficult part , which is not the story , but usually the backing documents , " Assange said in the interview . "  As a result there is less chance of legal action against the publisher . " For its own legal troubles , Assange said , WikiLeaks relies on lawyers donated by mainstream media outlets including The Associated Press and the Los Angeles Times . The website 's biggest U.S. splash was the April posting of what it said was video from a U.S. helicopter involved in an attack in Baghdad that killed nine people -- including the two Reuters journalists -- and wounded two children . A U.S. Army intelligence analyst was arrested two months later , allegedly for leaking classified military information , the U.S. military said . The website Wired.com identified him as Spc. Bradley Manning , 22 , and said he had leaked the video of the helicopter assault . Wired.com reported that Manning confessed to the leak in a series of online chats with a former computer hacker . He allegedly owned up to leaking other items to WikiLeaks , including the classified Army document assessing the threat level of the website , as well as State Department cables , according to the article Public airing of the video forced the Pentagon to defend the actions of its troops in a report that concluded the Apache helicopter crews had no way of knowing the journalists -- Namir Noor-Eldeen and Saeed Chmagh -- were among suspected insurgents on the street . Now Assange is described as living on the run , and the Iceland Parliament has passed a proposal intended to make the country a haven for whistle-blowers such as WikiLeaks . CNN 's Richard Greene , Atika Shubert , Atia Abawi and Tom Cohen contributed to this report	Rumors abound that WikiLeaks will soon post video footage of air strikes in Afghanistan In April , website posted video of U.S. helicopter strike in Iraq that killed journalists Public face of WikiLeaks , Julian Assange , says goal is to help an informed public make better decisions
Paris  CNN  -- A French politician said Monday that International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn , who is facing sexual assault charges in New York , attacked her daughter in 2002 . Anne Mansouret , a member of parliament for the Socialist Party , said she cautioned her daughter , Tristane Banon , not to file a police report at the time , saying it might adversely impact her career . At the time , Banon was an aspiring journalist . Strauss-Kahn was never charged . However , in light of the charges against Strauss-Kahn after an alleged incident at a Sofitel hotel in New York on Saturday , Banon 's attorney in France , David Koubbi , said he and the young woman are considering whether to file a complaint . Strauss-Kahn 's attorney in France , Leon Lef Forster , did not immediately respond to CNN 's requests for comment on the allegations . One of his New York attorneys , Benjamin Brafman , said Sunday his client is innocent of the alleged assault in New York , and he pledged to vigorously defend him in court on those charges . Who is Strauss-Kahn ? Mansouret told CNN her daughter had asked to interview Strauss-Kahn , and met him in his office in the National Assembly . The initial interview went well , she said . However , Strauss-Kahn sent Banon a text message later , saying he was not happy with the interview and asking if he could speak with her again . He sent her an address , she said . Banon went to the address , where Strauss-Kahn then locked the door to the room they were in , took her hand and grabbed her arm , according to Mansouret . Banon told him to let her go , and the incident ended with the two struggling on the floor , Mansouret said . Banon managed to escape the apartment and locked herself in her car outside , calling her mother . Mansouret said she arrived about an hour and a half later to find her daughter still locked in the car and looking "  roughed up . " The heel of one shoe was broken , Mansouret recalled to CNN . But Mansouret told her daughter not to file a complaint out of concern she would become known as Strauss-Kahn 's victim . Banon is now 31 and a journalist . Her mother said it is up to her whether to take any legal action against Strauss-Kahn . CNN does not typically name assault victims , but Mansouret said her daughter gave permission for her name to be disclosed . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Anna Mansouret says she told her daughter not to file a police report But Tristane Banon 's attorney says they are considering whether to file a complaint The young woman is now 31 and a French journalist
CNN  -- An explosion in a southern Iranian mosque that killed 10 people and wounded 160 after evening prayers Saturday night was caused by negligent handling of live munitions , not a bomb as first suspected , Iranian media reported . Shiraz , Iran , is well known for being home to many scholars , artists and poets . The blast and subsequent fire occurred about 6 p.m. Saturday in the men 's section of a mosque in the city of Shiraz , Iran 's Fars news agency reported . Fars initially reported the explosion was caused by a home-made bomb . Provincial Police Commander Ali Moaeyri later told Fars it "  was not sabotage . " "  Some live munitions may have been left behind at that location which could have been the cause of the explosion , " Moaeyri said . The police commander said the munitions were apparently left behind after a "  Sacred Defense " exhibition was held at the mosque , which also serves as a cultural center . Local militia groups -- known as Basij -- often use the mosques for meeting places . Iran 's official news agency , IRNA , put the number of casualties at 10 dead and 160 wounded . Survivors were being treated at 12 hospitals , IRNA reported . Fars estimated 800 people , mostly young , were gathered at the mosque Saturday evening to hear a cleric 's sermon denouncing Bahai and Wahabi faiths -- both of which are considered heresies by some Shiites . Bombings are unusual in Iran , thought the predominantly Shiite Muslim country has endured sporadic attacks in recent years . The last major bombing occurred in February 2007 , when a car bomb blew up near a bus carrying members of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Corps , leaving a dozen dead and injuring dozens more in southeastern Iran . Shiraz -- a historical city of more than 1 million people -- is well known for being home to many scholars , artists , poets and local craftsmanship of rugs and metalwork . The tourist city is about 400 miles south of Tehran , the capital . E-mail to a friend Journalist Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this story .	NEW : Media reports says blast was caused by live munitions , not bomb NEW : Ten people killed and 160 wounded , Iran 's state-run television reports The explosion happened in the southern Iranian city of Shiraz
Thursday is judgment day for the Affordable Care Act , with the U.S. Supreme Court expected to release its long awaited ruling on the constitutionality of the law . Whichever way the Court rules , the decision will be instantly framed in the political context . Its potential impact on the presidential race , on the upcoming Congressional elections and on the trajectory of the political parties will be the subject of endless analysis and debate . The electoral handicapping will regrettably overlook the decision 's real-world impact on those whom the law is intended to help . At stake in the opinions of nine justices is the well-being of millions of Americans living with chronic diseases such as cancer . They wake up every day knowing that if they lose their job , if their employer decides to drop their health coverage , or if their insurance company raises premiums , they may be unable to get the lifesaving care they need . The debate over health care has been epically divisive . But it is almost universally accepted that the existing health care system is badly in need of repair . People with cancer and other life-threatening chronic diseases have long been routinely denied coverage outright , charged exorbitant costs for care and forced to spend their savings to get the care they need , simply because they have a pre-existing condition . The law addresses this national moral failing with numerous provisions that help to expand access to quality , affordable health care , including those that prohibit insurance companies from denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions , charging patients higher premiums because of their health status and suddenly revoking coverage when a person falls ill with a disease such as cancer . The law also empowers consumers to make informed choices about their health coverage , requiring insurance companies to issue brief and simple explanations of what their plans cover and creating online marketplaces , or "  exchanges , " where people can compare plans and choose the one that is best for them . These provisions , which have received broad bipartisan support , hang in the balance before the court . So , too , do popular provisions that are currently enabling students and young workers to remain on their parent 's health plan until age 26 , ensuring coverage for children with pre-existing conditions and eliminating arbitrary dollar limits . The court 's decision will determine whether the 60,000 people with pre-existing conditions who enrolled in the law 's new high-risk plan after going six months or more without insurance will continue to receive coverage . It will either continue or end the new requirement that people receive proven preventive screenings , such as mammograms and colonoscopies , at no cost to them . It will decide whether millions of low-income and disabled people with cancer or at risk for cancer will be eligible for quality health coverage under Medicaid . The pundits will have ample opportunity to pontificate about the ruling 's political implications . But no one should lose sight of the impact on those who are most in need of quality care . For people and families battling cancer or another serious chronic disease , the upcoming ruling is about much more than politics . It could mean the difference between life and death .	John Seffrin : Court decision on health reform must be viewed in terms of impact on the sick He says millions with chronic diseases like cancer benefit from Affordable Care Act He says if court rules against it , they will return to days of coverage denial , high costs Seffrin : Act keeps insurance companies honest , young people covered . It 's not about politics
Tallahassee , Florida  CNN  -- Florida Gov. Rick Scott met with protesters overnight and defended his position to not amend his state 's controversial "  stand your ground " law . "  Tonight , the protesters again asked that I call a special session of the legislature to repeal Florida 's ` stand your ground ' law , " Scott said in a written statement . "  I told them I agree with the Task Force on Citizen Safety and Protection , which concurred with the law . " Scott issued a proclamation Friday for a "  statewide day of prayer for unity . " The proclamation calls Trayvon Martin 's death a tragedy , notes that "  emotions are running high " and calls for Floridians to show unity . Earlier , Scott said that he mourns with Martin 's parents , but that he stands by the findings of the task force , which consulted with citizens and experts . The protesters are students and members of Dream Defenders , an activist group that participates in civic engagement and promotes nonviolent social change . They walked into Scott 's office Wednesday , led by Amon Gabriel , 9 , and asked to speak to the governor . After the protesters camped there for three days , Scott met with them overnight and told them he has not changed his position . The Dream Defenders say they will continue their sit-in until their demand is met . "  We 'd like the repeal of ` stand your ground ' or some type of modification where we can hold people responsible to a level that humanity expects , where we do n't have 17-year-olds getting gunned down with no justice for them and their families , " said the group 's legal and policy director , Ahmad Abuznaid . A call for reforms On Thursday , Florida officials joined state House Democratic Leader Perry Thurston in urging that reforms be made to the controversial law . One of those officials , Senate Democratic Leader Chris Smith , is refiling his legislation to change "  stand your ground . " "  We have a clear case that shows SYG has very troubling problems , and those problems are central to the well-being of Floridians , " he said . Though former neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman 's defense never cited "  stand your ground " laws in its case , the jury was instructed to consider them during deliberations . The jury acquitted Zimmerman of all charges Saturday in the 2012 shooting death of Martin , an unarmed 17-year-old . Stevie Wonder says he 'll boycott ` stand your ground ' states The Florida version of the law states , "  A person who is not engaged in an unlawful activity and who is attacked in any other place where he or she has a right to be has no duty to retreat and has the right to stand his or her ground and meet force with force , including deadly force if he or she reasonably believes it is necessary to do so to prevent death or great bodily harm to himself or herself or another or to prevent the commission of a forcible felony . " Eight other states have laws worded similarly , while 22 total states , including Florida , have laws stating that residents have no "  duty " to retreat from a would-be attacker , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Civil rights groups attack the laws as racially motivated and are planning nationwide demonstrations . Stevie Wonder is refusing to perform in any state with such a law . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said the laws "  try to fix something that was never broken " and now encourage "  violent situations to escalate in public . " But just as adamantly as the laws are decried , the National Rifle Association has stood by the measures it helped many states adopt . "  The attorney general fails to understand that self-defense is not a concept ; it 's a fundamental human right , " said Chris W. Cox , executive director of the NRA 's Institute for Legislative Action . "  To send a message that legitimate self-defense is to blame is unconscionable . " What are the chances of repeal ? As for those Dream Defenders at the Florida governor 's office , their protest may be futile . Scott 's office noted that the gubernatorial task force recommends the law stay in place , though with minor tweaks , including limiting neighborhood watches to observing and reporting . Daniel Webster , director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research , said he doubts the protests will change anything . Overturning laws is n't incredibly common already , and with "  stand your ground , " there are complicating factors . The NRA is strong in the 22 states that have the laws , and "  I think there is some popular appeal to the notion , the very general notion , that citizens should be able to protect themselves and you should n't have to , in essence , run from crime . " Also , the laws are relatively new , most of them enacted in the past eight years , and it 's unlikely the same legislators who put "  stand your ground " laws on the books would suddenly be inclined to think they were wrong . "  The more common response is , they 're going to dig their heels , " he said . As a parallel , Webster offered the "  Draconian " drug sentencing laws of the 1980s , which hugely expanded incarceration rates , were outrageously expensive and did little to improve public safety . Yet , the country is only now examining those laws and considering their repeal . "  I assume , in part , that 's because the people who passed them are no longer there , " Webster said . The trickiest factor , however , is that proponents and opponents of "  stand your ground " can find in the Zimmerman case assertions to support their beliefs , he said . One side believes Martin attacked Zimmerman , and Zimmerman had no choice but to fire his weapon to defend himself . The other side believes Zimmerman racially profiled Martin , followed him against a dispatcher 's order and then shot a teen who was only reacting , perhaps out of fear , to being followed . "  You can find whatever you want to back your assumptions , " Webster said . Putting on his gun policy expert hat , Webster said he felt the laws are a "  very bad idea , " and they do n't do what they were intended to do : deter criminals and protect the citizenry . Doubts about ` stand your ground ' After Florida expanded its "  Castle Doctrine " laws to a "  stand your ground " provision in 2005 , the National District Attorneys Association released a report . It said a "  diminished sense of public safety " after 9/11 , a lack of confidence in the criminal justice system 's ability to protect victims , a perception that due process trumps victims ' rights and a decrease in gun legislation spurred the creation of "  stand your ground " laws . The study cited concerns from law enforcement officials , including doubts that it would deter criminals . "  There must be appreciation among the would-be criminals that deadly force can be used against them , leading to a change in criminal behavior , " the study said . "  Unfortunately , attendees at the National District Attorneys Association symposium expressed little confidence that criminals would take the provisions of the Castle Doctrine into consideration before committing a crime . " Webster pointed to a Texas A&M University study examining crime in more than 20 states that passed Castle Doctrine or "  stand your ground " laws from 2000 to 2010 . Researchers found that not only was there no decrease in robbery , burglary and aggravated assault , but there was an 8 % spike in reported murders and non-negligent manslaughter . "  The data are pretty compelling , showing that it increased justifiable homicides , and it increased homicides overall , " Webster said . "  In all likelihood , it really led to more altercations similar to the Zimmerman-Martin exchange . " Additional protests this weekend The Zimmerman verdict has been met by strong reactions . A national "  Justice for Trayvon " day is slated for Saturday in 100 cities , led by the Rev. Al Sharpton . The protesters will call for federal civil rights charges against Zimmerman . The rallies will take place outside of federal court buildings in cities across the country , including New York , Los Angeles and Chicago . CNN 's Rich Phillips in Tallahassee and Zaina Adamu in Atlanta contributed to this report , as did InSession 's Jessica Thill .	NEW : Florida 's governor calls for day of prayer for unity 22 states have laws saying residents have no "  duty " to retreat from attackers The National Rifle Association defends the laws , saying self-defense is a "  human right " Gun policy expert : The laws are a "  very bad idea " ; research shows they increase homicide
CNN  -- Growing up in Arizona , the common joke was that one day a giant earthquake would tear California out into the Pacific and then we 'd all have oceanfront property . It never happened . So we made a lake in Tempe . Same thing . Fewer whales . The truth is that California is n't going anywhere , and , now , as it continues to grow as a political superpower and cultural trend-setter , some people want to figure out just what the hell to do with our nation 's weirdo West Coast uber-state . I say we give it a funny hat . But noted technology investor Tim Draper has a different idea that 's both bold and arguably insane . And he 's quite serious about it . Draper wants to turn California into six separate states . His initiative , Six Californias , quietly started bouncing around the Internet , but is getting more and more attention now that Draper 's actually moving forward , trying to make his dream a reality . I 've been told this phenomenon is called "  follow-through . " I 'd be inclined to try it some day , but it sounds like it requires effort . And pants . That said , Draper appears up for the task , and he recently shared his big idea with TechCrunch writer Gregory Ferenstein , who reports that Draper is "  submitting a polished version to the state 's Attorney General in the form of a ballot proposition proposal within the next 48 hours . " Now , that does n't necessarily mean anything . Theoretically , I could submit a proposal that requires all Californians to wear REO Speedwagon T-shirts on Wednesdays , but it does n't mean it 's going to happen . Mind you , it should . Because it would be awesome . But it wo n't . The reality is that trying to get an initiative on the state ballot is both difficult and expensive . And I just do n't hold the cash to push forward my REO Speedwagon plan . However , Draper might just have the wherewithal to make the possibility of Six Californias an actual thing . But why ? His major argument is that , currently , California is n't represented properly in Washington -- that two senators simply can not speak for the massive population of the entire state . Additionally , Draper argues that creating six Californias would encourage more business competition and allow the separate states to make decisions and regulations that are more appropriate to their respective populations . "  So , uh ... who wants some weed ? " Of course , debating , here , the serious pros and cons of this initiative are far beyond my pay grade . I mean , I guess it makes sense . But , then again , so does the McRib . Clearly , I 'm not the man with the answers . Unless , of course , those answers pertain to Simpsons trivia . In which case , I 'm your Huckleberry . I really have no idea whether this would be good or bad , but , still , it 's easy to identify at least one of the major points of debate within Draper 's plan , which is turning Silicon Valley into its own state , stretching from the Sierra Mountains to the shores of the Bay Area . Again , I 'm not smart enough to truly understand the actual impact of something like this , but it seems that that particular state might be disproportionately amazing compared to the other five . "  Do n't mind us . We 're just going to take all the pretty and successful parts . But , hey , good luck with Los Angeles ! " In Draper 's plan , the other five states that do n't get to be Silicon Valley would be known as Jefferson , North California , Central California , West California , and South California . Now , at this point , having shared the basics of Draper 's vision , I want to go firmly on the record as saying I absolutely , 100 % disagree with this idea . It 's simply the worst . Not so much because of any sound political or social reasons , but because I 'm terribly OCD and could n't , even for a second , fathom 55 states . This would drive me crazy . And what would we do with our flag ? It would be chaos ! That said , I do support cutting the state in half . At least so long as we eliminate one of our current states to keep the stars on the flag just as they are . In a perfect world , I suppose California would be divided into two states -- Northern California and Steve . And then we would combine North and South Dakota into just Dakota . Which , as a name , actually sounds quite pretty without the directional prefixes . And I 'm sure all seven people who live there will learn to get along as one . But more importantly , Jarrett gets to sleep at night . Fifty stars . A beautiful thing . And , really , dividing California is not a completely far-fetched idea . Draper notes in his proposal that , "  Voters overwhelmingly approved the splitting of California into two states in 1859 , but Congress never acted on that request due to the Civil War . " No matter what happens -- if anything -- it 'll be a while before a vote actually occurs . These things take time . But it 's fun to think about . And I bet REO Speedwagon would play the big constitution-signing party in Steve . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	Noted technology investor , Tim Draper , wants to turn California into six separate states Silicon Valley would be its own state Draper is submitting a ballot proposition proposal to the state attorney general
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal made light work of Marcos Daniel in his first grass outing of the season at the Aegon Championships in London . The world number one took just 50 minutes to win 6-2 6-2 over the Brazilian serve-and-volleyer at the Queen 's Club . Just three days after securing his fifth French Open title in Paris , Nadal showed little sign of heavy legs , in securing his 23rd successive victory . Nadal raced into a 3-0 lead in the opening set before Daniel saved a series of break points to get back in the match . Nadal broke again with the score at 5-2 to seal the set . A short rain break delayed the game in the second set but Nadal broke to lead 4-2 when the players returned , before closing out the set . When asked whether Sunday 's victory in Paris was still on his mind , Nadal told the official ATP Tour Web site : "  Oh , sure it is still on my mind because it was emotional moment for me . "  I 'm happy to be playing on grass another time , because for me I enjoy -LSB- it -RSB- a lot because I have to do different things . "  For me it is always a challenge to be here and to practice these new things : the serve , the volley , the slice , return more inside than clay . So I enjoy doing this transition . After Wimbledon , I 'm going to have time to enjoy the victory of Roland Garros and to enjoy Majorca . " Nadal will now meet Uzbekistani Denis Istomin after he beat Dustin Brown , from Jamaica , 7-6 6-4 . Second seed Novak Djokovic also enjoyed a comfortable straight sets win over Italian Paolo Lorenzi . The Serb won 6-3 6-3 in just 73 minutes . Elsewhere , eighth seed Feliciano Lopez beat Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov 6-2 6-4 , while ninth seed Julien Benneteau , from France , edged past South African Kevin Anderson 7-5 6-3 .	Rafael Nadal wins his first game on grass in the 2010 season Nadal beats Brazilian Marcos Daniel 6-2 6-2 World number one 's victory is his 23rd in a row
CNN  -- The Taliban have met with U.S. officials to discuss possible peace talks , but do not want to negotiate with Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's government , a Taliban spokesman said Tuesday . The spokesman 's comments , rejecting a key American condition , could potentially derail American efforts for Afghans to reach a negotiated end to the decade-long war . In an e-mail response to questions from CNN , Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid denied previous reports that the Taliban had been invited to meet with the Karzai government in Saudi Arabia , saying that talks with what he called a "  puppet " government would be pointless . "  We have never been asked to attend talks with Karzai administration officials in Saudi Arabia , but even if we are asked to attend , we wo n't because  the  Karzai government is a puppet and unauthorized , and meeting with them will not be beneficial in solving the issue , " Mujahid wrote in a message from an e-mail account regularly used by the Taliban to issue statements . The spokesman , in answers that he said had taken some time to consider , said the Taliban wants direct discussions with the Americans . "  The issue is ... who is powerful and has got the power to make a decision , and who has n't , and everyone around the world knows that the one who has got the authority in opposition to the Mujahideen  the Taliban  is America , " he wrote . The e-mail also contained the Taliban 's first open recognition that they have met with U.S. officials in Qatar -- talks that senior American officials also confirmed . The talks with the Taliban are aimed at establishing what the senior U.S. officials called "  confidence-building measures " to lay the groundwork for negotiations between the Afghan government and the Taliban , with the United States possibly serving in a mediation role . U.S. officials have been trying to jump-start peace talks between the Taliban and Afghan officials through discussions over the past year . The nascent process has been marred by dissatisfaction from Afghan government officials that they were not included at the start . Karzai 's advisers have complained that U.S. officials were going behind Kabul 's back in talking to the Taliban . After initially opposing U.S.-Taliban talks , Karzai has since given his blessing , paving the way for a meeting last month between U.S. envoy Marc Grossman and Taliban representatives in Doha , Qatar , senior U.S. officials said . The Taliban 's demand to talk with U.S. officials and not the Karzai administration could throw a wrench in the U.S. State Department 's demand that all talks be Afghan-led and Afghan-owned . Another meeting between U.S. officials and Taliban representatives could happen this month , the senior U.S. officials said . The officials said the likelihood of reaching a deal between the Afghan government and the Taliban is slim . The talks could sow discord in the Taliban ranks , between those who want to negotiate and those who do n't , the senior U.S. officials said . On Tuesday , Mujahid said that the Taliban sought confidence-building measures from the Americans for talks to proceed . "  The trust-building phase is totally up to Americans , " the spokesman wrote , "  and they have to take measures and our conditions are as follows : Exchange of Guantanamo prisoners , the establishment of political office  in Qatar  , removing the sanction lists of the UN  against Taliban figures  . " American demands for the Taliban include requiring them to renounce terrorism and to distance themselves from al Qaeda , senior U.S. officials said . Taliban representatives seemed organized , professional and willing to meet those demands during the Qatar talks , according to the senior U.S. officials . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Senior U.S. officials : The United States and the Taliban may hold new talks this month A Taliban spokesman says they will not meet with Afghanistan 's "  puppet " government Zabiullah Mujahid writes in an e-mail that the Taliban want direct talks with Americans The rejection of a key American condition could derail negotiating efforts
CNN  -- Aaron Paul is still upset that Toys R Us pulled "  Breaking Bad " action figures from its stores and noted that a petition to keep the figures has gained signers . "  Dear @ToysRUs , We have close to 30,000 signed on the petition , that is 3 times the amount that caused you to remove the toys . Talk to me . Ap , " he tweeted . Paul played Jesse Pinkman , the assistant to Bryan Cranston 's meth-dealing Walter White , on the hit AMC show . The toy store chain decided to pull the action figures thanks in part to an online petition that urged the store to stop selling them at their stores and online . The petition , issued by Susan Schrivjer of Fort Myers , Florida , received more than 9,000 signatures . Using the name Susan Myers on Change.org , Schrivjer noted the store 's "  selection of toys for children of all ages . " However , she added , "  their decision to sell a Breaking Bad doll , complete with a detachable sack of cash and a bag of meth , alongside children 's toys is a dangerous deviation from their family friendly values . " On Wednesday , Toys R Us gave in . "  Let 's just say , the action figures have taken an ` indefinite sabbatical , ' " the company said in a statement . Mother wants ` Breaking Bad ' action figures removed from Toys R Us But that was n't what Daniel Pickett of Manhattan Beach , California , wanted to hear . He 's the one who started the Change.org petition in favor of keeping the toys . "  Toys R Us ' decision to sell a line of Breaking Bad ACTION FIGURES , complete with a detachable sack of cash and a bag of meth , in an aisle designated for adult collectors , featuring properties of a more mature nature that might appeal to older collectors , and away from the other ` kid ' toys , shows that TRU understands there is more than one group of collectors that regularly come through their doors each day , " he wrote . Paul started poking at Toys R Us in tweets starting Thursday afternoon . "  Wait , so @ToysRUs pulled all of the Breaking Bad figures from their shelves and still sells Barbie ? Hmmmm ... I wonder what is more damaging ? " wrote Paul . He then posted another , more pointed , tweet . "  And what about all of the violent video games you sell @ToysRUs ? Do you still sell those ? Florida mom really messed it up for everyone , " he wrote . Cranston took a more light-hearted approach . " ` Florida mom petitions against Toys ' R Us over Breaking Bad action figures . ' I 'm so mad , I 'm burning my Florida Mom action figure in protest , " he initially tweeted . Cranston cracked wise again Wednesday after Toys R Us put out its statement . "  Toys R Us puts Breaking Bad toys on ` indefinite sabbatical . ' Word on the street is that they were sent to Belize . Nicely played Florida Mom , " he tweeted . Ironically , Schrivjer told CNN affiliate WFTX of Fort Myers that she likes "  Breaking Bad , " the show . But seeing the action figures at Toys R Us was just too much . "  Kids mimic their action figures , if you will , " she told the station . "  Do you want your child in an orange jumpsuit ? "	Aaron Paul is upset about Toys R Us pulling "  Breaking Bad " action figures Toys R Us said figures "  have taken an ` indefinite sabbatical ' " Florida mother started petition to get figures pulled
CNN  -- Marin Cilic sealed his place in the third round of the Monte Carlo Rolex Masters after a hard-fought win over Igor Andreev of Russia on Tuesday . The fourth seed eventually dispatched Andreev 6-7  4-7  6-1 6-4 but it took the Croatian nearly three hours to do so . Cilic , appearing in his first clay-court match for 10 months , started slowly and allowed the Russian to dominate the early exchanges and clinch the first set on a tie-break . But Cilic regained his momentum in the second set , offering up just one game as he marched to a 6-1 success . And though Cilic twice went a break down in the deciding set , he held on to claim it 6-4 and progress to round three . "  The conditions were tough , the balls were heavy , " Cilic told the official ATP Tour Web site . "  I just wanted to stay in it after losing that first set by making him play a lot of shots . Afterwards I found some solutions so I could win easier points and win the mental battle . " Cilic was joined in round three by French fifth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Spanish sixth seed Fernando Verdasco , who both recorded straight-sets victories . Verdasco breezed past Frenchman Julien Benneteau 6-2 6-1 in just under 75 minutes , while Tsonga defeated Nicolas Almagro of Spain 7-6  7-5  7-5 . Tomas Berdych set up a third-round match with Verdasco after beating Richard Gasquet of France in straight sets . The Czech 10th seed took less than an hour to record a 6-2 6-0 victory . The top names in the field -- world No. 2 Novak Djokovic , five-time champion Rafael Nadal and third seed Andy Murray -- begin their campaigns on Wednesday after being handed a first-round bye . Nadal beat Britain 's Murray in last year 's semifinals before going on to defeat Serbian Djokovic to claim the title . The tournament marks the start of the European clay season in the buildup to the second grand slam event of 2010 , the French Open starting on May 24 .	Marin Cilic beats Igor Andreev in second round of Monte Carlo Rolex Masters Cilic defeats the Russian 6-7  4-7  6-1 6-4 in just under three hours Spanish sixth seed Fernando Verdasco beats Frenchman Julien Benneteau 6-2 6-1 French fifth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beats Nicolas Almagro of Spain 7-6  7-5  7-5
CNN  For more than nine years on the throne , Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah faced a tough balancing act . Calls to modernize his kingdom were constant . So , too , were objections from hard-line conservatives who chafed at change . Supporters hailed Abdullah , who died Friday at age 90 , as a reformer . And in the United States , leaders have long described him as a close ally in the Middle East who played a key role in bringing stability to the region . He famously held hands with President George W. Bush as the two leaders met in Texas in 2005 . With the wealth of his oil-rich nation behind him , Abdullah wielded far-reaching influence both inside and outside Saudi Arabia . As the U.S.-led campaign against ISIS in Iraq and Syria ramped up , his leadership was a "  game changer , " Abdulkhaleq Abdulla , a professor of political science at Emirates University , told CNN last year . "  It was King Abdullah who put all the moral , the political weight behind the international coalition to stop ISIS 's momentum , " he said . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry described Abdullah as a "  revered leader " around the world . "  He was so proud of the Kingdom 's journey , " Kerry said in a statement , "  a brave partner in fighting violent extremism who proved just as important as a proponent of peace . " Under Abdullah 's leadership , the country slowly squashed al Qaeda , capturing or killing its leaders in the kingdom , forcing the remnants underground and sidelining radical preachers . In 2005 , Abdullah launched a campaign through the country 's media and its mosques to educate Saudi citizens about the danger of extremism . At the same time , the king -- unlike some of his predecessors -- began investing the country 's oil wealth in creating jobs for the future . A massive building program , called King Abdullah Economic City , was one example -- and an acknowledgment that oil money would n't last forever . The king focused on ramping up education , too . King Abdullah University of Science and Technology was designed to be the first coed university in the country . Some of his more conservative ministers -- his half-brothers -- bridled at his changes . They were n't the only Saudis disappointed with his leadership . Many women had hoped for greater independence under his rule . But their dreams were not realized during his lifetime . He initiated forums for women to debate issues , but failed in the face of opposition to give them real freedom . Under Saudi Arabia 's strict rules , women can not marry , leave the country , go to school or open bank accounts without permission from a male guardian , who usually is the father or husband . Much of public life is segregated by gender and women are not allowed to drive . Even as he ran up against limits to what he could achieve inside Saudi Arabia , beyond its borders Abdullah saw the kingdom 's stature grow . It was the only Arab nation with a seat at the G20 , and also became the lead Arab nation in the U.S.-led coalition to eradicate ISIS in Iraq and Syria . Abdullah bolstered the desert kingdom 's defense forces with a massive $ 150 billion infusion , and he backed Egypt 's military rulers who ousted the Muslim Brotherhood from power . A spokesman for United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon praised Abdullah 's "  efforts to address regional and international challenges at a time of turmoil and rapid change , and to promote dialogue among the world 's faiths . " U.S. President Barack Obama pointed to Abdullah 's work advancing the Arab Peace Initiative , which attempts to solve the long-simmering conflict between Israel and Palestine . "  King Abdullah left a tangible legacy that can still point the way toward peace in the Middle East , " the U.N. secretary-general 's spokesman said . In 2010 , Newsweek called King Abdullah one of the world 's 10 most respected leaders , praising his efforts "  to lift his ultraconservative country from the dark ages . " "  He 's given the go-ahead to modernize schools , has appointed women to high office , and invested in science and technology education and nuclear power initiatives . He 's also proven a stalwart ally against Islamic extremism , delivering a much-applauded speech in Mecca that called on Muslims to embrace ` the spirit of tolerance , moderation , and balance , ' " the Newsweek article said . But not everyone felt like Abdullah deserved his reformist moniker . Another headline in Foreign Policy magazine that year described him this way : "  Those who predicted the Saudi monarch would bring real change to the kingdom had it wrong . His real goal has been to tighten his family 's grip on power . " "  Despite the new levels of openness enjoyed by Saudi citizens , Abdullah is not leading the kingdom on the path to political liberalism . Just the opposite : While making small social and economic concessions , the king is in fact turning the clock back in Arabia , using his popularity to confront clergy and restore the kind of unchecked authority his family enjoyed in the 1970s , " Toby C. Jones , an associate professor of history at Rutgers , wrote in an analysis for the magazine . Ali Al-Ahmed , a former Saudi political prisoner , told CNN on Thursday that it is n't accurate to portray Abdullah as a reformer . Under Abdullah 's rule , he said , political prisoners were harshly punished and extremism flourished in Saudi Arabia even as leaders claimed to oppose it . "  It 's the epicenter of extremism , of terrorism , of funding terrorism . ... Reforms in Saudi Arabia do not exist . This is an absolute monarchy , let 's be honest , " Al-Ahmed said . "  This is an absolute monarchy where the government policies are controlled by one family . They decide everything . " CNN 's Sarah Aarthun , Laura Smith-Spark and Becky Anderson contributed to this report .	Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah has died after more than nine years on the throne Supporters hailed him as a reformer ; critics say conservative forces held him back Newsweek once called him one of the world 's 10 most respected leaders
The leadership of Boko Haram must think they have hit the jackpot . The abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls in northeast Nigeria has been denounced by U.S. President Barack Obama and UK Prime Minister David Cameron . That has given them all the publicity they crave . Their movement is now the top item on all global news channels . If , as I suspect , Boko Haram sees itself as a suicide mission to inspire all Muslims to follow them and wage war on the West , they must feel their hour has come . The final battle is about to begin . Bornu state Nigeria is one of the poorest , most neglected parts of the planet . Until recently I would have said the only surplus in that part of Nigeria was its long-suffering Islamic resignation . Now that has turned to anger . And this remote , dry , dusty corner of Nigeria , a place you would only visit on your way to the Sahara Desert , has become the new battleground between militant Islam and the Western world . How ? The answer lies in a very telling comment from John Kerry , the U.S. Secretary of State . The U.S. had , he said repeatedly offered help to Nigeria but it was ignored . Ignored . That is exactly what the Nigerian government 's attitude has been to the northeast for decades -- and to the Boko Haram terrorists until they hit Abuja , the capital . Then there was an attempt to clamp down but the security extended there never reached Maidugri , the capital of Bornu state in the northeast and some 500 miles away from Abuja , the capital , and another 320 miles from Lagos , the commercial megacity of West Africa . So it does n't matter . Just as the kidnapping of more than 200 girls did not elicit any statement from President Goodluck Jonathan until more than two weeks after it happened . Nor do the levels of poverty , unemployment , lack of education and health services and a fast-growing population in the northeast matter to the government of Nigeria . Its income derives from Western oil companies so the government has little democratic relationship with the people of Nigeria . Sixty per cent live in poverty . Boko Haram began as a fundamentalist but not particularly violent movement in 2002 . The killing of its leader , Mohammed Yusuf , while in police custody inspired its members to take up arms against the state . Nigerian police said Yusuf had been shot while trying to escape , but other reports said he had been summarily executed . The police force , which in normal times just collects "  personal fines " from motorists and others for minor transgressions , is too corrupt to protect anyone . Meanwhile the army , trained to fight a conventional war , went in heavily and terrified rather than protected the population . On this day last year Boko Haram attacked a barracks , a prison and a police post in the town of Bama . The military said the group killed 55 people and freed 105 prisoners . Nigeria is used to uprisings . A few years ago the Niger Delta which produces Nigeria 's immense oil wealth , was in flames . Gangs of youths with heavy machine guns killed their rivals and kidnapped oil workers for cash . They too played on the neglect of the local population which could see billions of dollars-worth of oil being sucked out from under their feet while not a single road was being built . The government of Goodluck Jonathan -- himself from the Delta -- now administers an amnesty program under which former militants receive payments to give up their arms . Many of the militants were given jobs in the government and swapped their tee-shirts and bandanas for sharp suits and ties . But there is no such incentive to develop Bornu state . It produces nothing and will not vote for President Jonathan . Unless there is a major political upset , he will serve another four-year term after elections in February next year . The big challenge in Nigeria for the U.S. military and intelligence services is this : if they limit their intervention purely to tracking down and releasing the girls and killing or capturing their Boko Haram kidnappers , they will have a brief success followed by long term failure . No movement like Boko Haram can exist for long without some , at least tacit , support of the local people . And the local people have little to thank the government for . I was on the beach at Mogadishu in 1992 when the Navy Seals stormed ashore followed by waves of Marines . For a few weeks Somalia was quite peaceful , mission accomplished was the message . We wrote positive stories about the restoration of Somalia . The war has continued to this day . Two years later I followed the U.S. Marines into Kuwait and then into Iraq in the first Gulf War . Problem solved , it seemed . And I worked in Northern Ireland in the early 1970s where the British army was always claiming to be on the brink of defeating the IRA . That very attitude simply strengthened them . Have the lessons from Iraq , Afghanistan , Northern Ireland been learned ? Military intervention is tough but easy compared with the long haul of development which must accompany it . The Kanuri people of northeast Nigeria need robust protection , peace and security in the short term but they also need education , health services and livelihoods in the long term . They need to know that the Nigerian government and its American supporters are on their side . Can America provide that ? Or will we see a magnificent charge , lots of shoot-outs and arrests followed by a declaration of peace , the departure of the army and then an even worse uprising two years hence ? The biggest challenge facing Obama and the Americans is the failure of President Goodluck Jonathan to focus on the problems of northeast Nigeria . Together they need to make a long term plan to bring investment to the area , provide health and education services and build institutions . Above all make the people there feel they are part of this booming new Nigerian economy which recently became the biggest in Africa . CNN EXCLUSIVE : Nigerian girl who escaped Boko Haram says she still feels afraid	UK , U.S. have denounced Boko Haram 's abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls in Nigeria Richard Dowden says their reaction has given the militant group the publicity it craves Nigeria 's government has long ignored the area where Boko Haram is based , he says He says necessary development there is a bigger task than any military intervention
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- An unopposed former Communist leader was elected Nepal 's new prime minister Saturday , ending nearly three weeks of political uncertainty . Madhav Kumar Nepal waves at his supporters at the country 's parliament in Kathmandu . Madhav Kumar Nepal of the Communist Party of Nepal  Unified Marxist-Leninist  was the only person to serve as a candidate for the post after he received backing from more than 20 of the 25 parties in parliament . Nepal , 56 , is a former general secretary of the Communist Party , but had resigned after the party made a poor showing last year against another Communist movement . In that vote , the Communist Party of Nepal  Maoist  became the largest party , with 38 percent of the seats in the 601-member constituent assembly which also functions as parliament . Nepal had been general secretary since 1993 and served as the country 's deputy prime minister for nine months in 1995 . Pushpa Kamal Dahal , the Maoist chairman , resigned as prime minister May 4 after the president overturned the Cabinet 's decision to sack the army chief . Nepal became a republic last year . The new government has two important tasks before it : the writing of a new constitution within a year , and integration of 19,600 Maoist combatants into the security forces . Without the support of the former Maoist rebels , these tasks can not be achieved . The Maoists fought a 10-year insurgency aimed at abolishing the monarchy .	Madhav Kumar Nepal of the Communist Party of Nepal was only candidate Nepal , 56 , is a former general secretary of the Communist Party Pushpa Kamal Dahal , the Maoist chairman , resigned as prime minister May 4 Followed president 's decision to overturn Cabinet 's sacking of army chief
San Diego  CNN  -- Normally , when an elected official has to make difficult choices , balancing ambition with practical concerns , it boils down to a personal decision . But when the official is a political rock star who might just be the first member of his community to become president , the whole decision-making process plays out in public . Take the case of Julian Castro , the San Antonio mayor who has now thrown political observers a curveball by accepting an offer from President Obama to join the Cabinet as secretary of housing and urban development . Castro has been talked about before as a potential 2016 candidate for vice president . The idea of his moving to Washington , if he 's confirmed at HUD , is sure to keep tongues wagging for the next couple years . It will also provide plenty of opportunity for unsolicited advice . It seems many people have an opinion on whether Castro has made a shrewd career move or derailed an otherwise promising political future . I 've known Castro for about 12 years , and he 's a friend . I want what 's best for him . I 'm just not sure this is it . Why should others care about this choice ? Well , for starters , because you ca n't begin to understand America in the 21st century without an appreciation for the footprint being left by 52 million Hispanics -- a demographic estimated to account for 25 % of the U.S. population by 2040 . Two-thirds of that population is Mexican or Mexican-American , and Castro is the most prominent politician they have . If there was any doubt about that , it evaporated when Obama chose Castro to give the keynote address at the 2012 Democratic National Convention and launched him as a national political figure . People should also care because , in the short term , Castro 's selection could energize Hispanic voters in time for the midterm elections and help efforts by Democrats to avoid losing more seats in the House or even to retain control of the Senate . It certainly puts Republicans -- who are already smarting from the beating they took from Hispanic voters in the 2012 election , and who have been trying to make amends -- in a tough spot . If they attack Castro during his confirmation hearing , they 'll inflame Latinos who will then turn the GOP into a pinata during the midterms . Finally , people should care because so much of our politics has become boring and predictable , and this surprise selection -- and Castro 's willingness to accept it -- is neither of those things . On CNN 's "  State of the Union with Candy Crowley , " pundits speculated about why a big city mayor would come to Washington midway through the second term of an unpopular administration . The answer , they agreed , may have something to do with the assumption that it might be hard for a Democratic presidential nominee to tap a mayor for a running-mate position coveted by governors and senators . The thinking is that , if nothing else , moving into the federal arena makes Castro more attractive to Hillary Clinton or whoever the party 's nominee in 2016 turns out to be . The 39-year-old would replace Shaun Donovan , who would move over to take the helm at the Office of Management and Budget . But why would Castro accept the nomination ? HUD is small potatoes . There are four major Cabinet posts : Treasury , Defense , State and Justice . On the prestige meter , HUD is much further down the list . Along with the Labor Department , it is one of those outposts in the federal bureaucracy where the minorities almost always end up in charge . There is no barrier being broken ; another San Antonio mayor , Henry Cisneros , in 1993 became the first Hispanic to be housing secretary . And Castro seems content in his hometown of San Antonio , a base from which he can fly around the country delivering high-paying speeches and where he 's finishing a memoir which had been due out next year and which may now be released even sooner . He has never struck me as someone who is desperate to go to Washington . And yet , now Castro is ready to start packing . The more I think about it , the more I think I understand why he feels compelled to make this move at this point in his political career . For one thing , Castro knows the subject matter . Big-city mayors deal with housing and urban development , along with economic renewal , on a regular basis . He 'll be comfortable at HUD . And it does n't hurt that , if Castro needs guidance , he can turn to Cisneros , a friend and mentor who knows the department very well , since he ran it for four years during the Clinton administration . For another , Castro 's political options in Texas -- a dependably red state -- are limited . He could run for re-election as mayor next year , and serve out what would be his final term until 2017 . Then what ? He could enter the private sector , and make a comfortable living practicing law , giving speeches , and writing books . But his political career would be over , just like those of many Texas Democrats before him . His decision to join the Cabinet is a wild card , but one that might just keep him in the game .	San Antonio Mayor Castro slated to head Housing and Urban Development department Ruben Navarrette says the move could better position him to be 2016 running mate He says Democrats could gain , and GOP could lose , points with Latino voters this year Navarrette : HUD secretary could turn out to be a dead-end job
CNN  -- New York City 's former mayor , Michael Bloomberg , has a new job . The billionaire media mogul has been appointed special envoy for cities and climate change , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announced Friday . "  He 's starting right away and he 'll be pushing for action in the cities and raising the profile of cities , " said U.N. Public Information Officer Dan Shepard . For his efforts , Bloomberg will be paid $ 1 per year , Shepard said in a telephone interview . Bloomberg will assist Ban in consultations with mayors and others "  to raise political will and mobilize action among cities as part of his long-term strategy to advance efforts on climate change , " he added in a statement . Those efforts include bringing solutions to the climate summit Ban is hosting in September in New York . Ban "  has invited leaders from governments , businesses , finance and civil society organizations to bring bold announcements and actions to the 2014 Climate Summit to raise the level of ambition through new and more robust action on climate change , " it said . "  Cities play an essential role in developing and implementing actions and driving ambition , translating to significant impacts on climate change . " Bloomberg served as New York 's mayor from 2002 to 2013 . In 1981 , he launched Bloomberg LP , a financial news and information company . In 2007 , he addressed the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change in Bali , Indonesia . He also serves as president of the Board of the C40 Climate Leadership Group , a network of cities "  committed to implementing meaningful and sustainable climate-related actions locally that will help address climate change globally . "	"  He 's starting right away , " U.N. spokesman says The billionaire media mogul 's new salary : $ 1 per year Bloomberg is to aid Ban Ki-moon in advancing efforts on climate change
It 's an image that tugs at the heartstrings . A smiling 7-year-old girl poses in her cheerleading uniform , circled by a ring of pompons , her bald head a telltale sign of her chemotherapy treatments . The photo hit Facebook last year and popped up all over with messages of support . "  Like " to show this little girl you care . "  Share " to tell her she 's beautiful . Pray for her to beat cancer . But here 's the truth . The photo was nearly six years old . And neither the girl , nor her parents -- who never posted it to Facebook -- had any idea it was being used that way . Welcome to the world of Facebook "  like farming . " Those waves of saccharin-sweet posts that sometimes fill your news feed may seem harmless . But all too often , they 're being used for nefarious purposes . At best , a complete stranger may be using the photos to stroke their own ego . At worst , experts say , scammers and spammers are using Facebook , often against the site 's rules , to make some easy cash . And they 're wiling to play on the good intentions of Facebook users to do it . "  The average user does n't know any better , " said Tim Senft , founder of Facecrooks.com , a website that monitors scams and other illegal or unethical behavior on Facebook . "  I think their common sense tells them it 's not true , but in the back of their minds , they think ` What if it is true ? What does it hurt if I press like ? ' or whatever . " What does it hurt ? "  I was first shocked , " said Amanda Rieth of Northampton , Pennsylvania , whose daughter was the subject of that photo . "  And then infuriated . " After being notified by a friend who recognized the girl in a Facebook post , Rieth tracked the image back to a link she 'd posted to her Photobucket account in a community forum in 2009 , two years after it was taken . Her daughter , who was diagnosed with Stage IV neuroblastoma in early 2007 , has been featured in local news segments for her fundraising efforts to fight cancer through Alex 's Lemonade Stand . But her mom said she was always part of the decision and was happy to help publicize the fight . "  This ? This was entirely different and entirely out of our control , " Rieth said . "  That 's the most gut-wrenching part : the total lack of control . " Hurting the people featured in the posts , and their families , is n't the only risk of sharing such content . Sometimes , a single click can help people who are up to no good . Often , Senft said , Facebook pages are created with the sole purpose of spreading viral content that will get lots of likes and shares . Once the page creators have piled up hundreds of thousands of likes and shares , they 'll strip the page and promote something else , like products that they get a commission for selling . Or , they may turn around and sell the page through black-market websites to someone who does the same . It 's a way to trick Facebook 's algorithm , which is designed to give more value to popular pages than the ones , like scams and spam , that pop up overnight . "  The more likes and shares and comments and that sort of thing you have , the more likely it is to be seen by other people , " Senft said . "  If they 're looking to sell the page in a black-hat forum somewhere , that 's what the value of the page is . " It gets worse Sometimes , the threat is more direct . The "  new " page may be used to spread malware -- software that attacks the user 's computer -- or for phishing , the act of trying to gather credit card numbers , passwords or other personal information through links to phony giveaways or contests . Simply liking a post , or the page itself , ca n't spread a virus or phish a user . But malicious Facebook apps can , as can external links that page owners may choose to share to their followers . If the page owner has access to Facebook 's developer tools , they can collect data on the people who like the page . Personal information like gender , location and age can be used to target more personalized attacks . The kind of posts used run a gamut from cute to tasteless , from manipulative to misleading . Rieth said she still finds her daughter 's photo on Facebook from time to time , even though Facebook eventually deleted the original after she and others reported it . On the most recent page she found , the picture appears in a feed alongside posts such as "  Who loves French fries ? Like & share if you do " and multiple images encouraging people to like and share if they love Jesus . There 's an image of a premature baby , pictures of military troops cuddling puppies and an image of a young boy pouring water on a man 's cigarette with the text "  Sorry papa ... I need you . " "  It 's anything that 's going to kind of tug at the heartstrings : the sick kids , the animal abuse , acting like it 's some kind of pet shelter , " Senft said . "  That 's the bad part with the scammers . They hit people where they 're vulnerable , play on their emotions . " What to do Because of Facebook 's sheer size , he said it sometimes takes lots of reports for the site to delete an offensive or misleading image , or shut down the page it came from . The best approach , Senft said , is to think before sharing . "  If it sounds too good to be true , do n't click on it , " he said . "  If it 's something that 's obviously geared toward tugging on the heartstrings , check it out first . " Facebook said it continues to work to make sure high-quality content surfaces for users and low-quality posts do n't . That includes trying to diminish the reach of posts that appear to be "  like farming " attempts . "  People have told us they associate requests to like or share a post with lower quality content , and receiving that type of feedback helps us adjust our systems to get better at showing more high quality posts , " a Facebook spokesperson said via e-mail . "  If you see a post that 's low quality and seems to be focused only on gaining traffic , hover over the top-right corner of the post and click the arrow to report it . " Facebook uses "  automated and manual methods to swiftly remove links and pages that violate our policies , " the spokesperson said . "  We 're always making improvements to our detection and blocking systems to stay ahead of threats . " ` Truly angry ' Today , Rieth 's daughter is 13 -- an eighth-grader who has shown no signs of her cancer since September 2007 . But her mom compares that cheerleading photo to the mythical hydra , a monster with many heads that sprouts two more each time one is cut off . Based just on the images she 's found and reported , the photo has been liked and shared on Facebook hundreds of thousands of times . A search Monday also found it popping up on Pinterest , as well as one site where it was wrongly used alongside a 2010 article about actor Jackie Chan helping a girl with leukemia find a bone-marrow donor . "  What makes me truly angry , though , is knowing that they 're using it as an insidious way to make money , " Rieth said . "  That 's not what her survival is about to us . " For this article , CNN sent a Facebook message to the owner of the last page where Rieth found the photo . When asked whether he planned to sell his page , the owner replied with two words : "  How much ? "	"  Like farming " on Facebook takes advantage of users ' good intentions to make posts go viral Making a page more popular with likes and shares makes it show up for more users Owners can then use the popular page to advertise , or sell it to someone else Often , images and videos are used without permission of their owners
CNN  -- The future of Detroit is electric cars , the governor of Michigan declared in an opinion piece on Newsweek 's Web site . The Chevy Volt is one of the electric cars being developed by Michigan 's auto industry . "  In Michigan , we are doing everything we can to become the home of this new electric auto industry -- and to the jobs this industry will create , " wrote Gov. Jennifer Granholm . "  Again , the road to a stronger future for our country will begin in Michigan . " She said that for automakers , replacing the 100-year-old internal-combustion engine is both "  revolutionary and daunting . " Ann Marie Sastry , director of the energy systems engineering program at the University of Michigan , said the industry will have to take risks and government support will be essential . "  Gov. Granholm is doing exactly what we all hope our elected officials will do -- she is supporting partnerships and growth in critical economic areas , " Sastry said . "  She 's enunciated a vision for clean vehicles that builds our regional economy and provides global , sustainable transportation solutions . "  We understand that these investments will take time to reach profitability , but these are hard problems , and they are worth investment and risk . The risk of doing nothing is much , much greater . I 'm glad she is making the case for Michigan . " Granholm said all of Detroit 's Big Three automakers -- General Motors , Ford and Chrysler -- are working on electric vehicles . "  General Motors plans to make lithium-ion battery packs to power the Chevy Volt , which is expected to earn a fuel-economy rating of more than 100 mpg , " she wrote . " ... As Ford celebrates the sale of the 100,000 th hybrid Escape , it is preparing for the introduction of a full line of new hybrid and plug-in hybrid vehicles . Chrysler , too , is electrifying its product lines . " Sastry said she could n't be more delighted with GM 's plans for the Volt as a "  truly mass-marketed electrified drive train using electric technology . " In 2008 , GM sold 14,439 hybrid vehicles , according to a statement from the company . "  These companies are serious about transforming themselves and transforming us into a nation less reliant on foreign oil , " Granholm wrote . Sastry said public opinion toward energy conservation is a major factor in the companies being willing to take the risk of creating the new types of cars . "  These very large companies are placing a bet on the future in no small measure because of the American public 's change in attitude toward it , " she said . In her commentary , Granholm referred to President Barack Obama 's plan , announced in February , to direct $ 2 billion from the economic stimulus package into technology aimed at putting 1 million American-made , plug-in hybrid vehicles on the road by 2015 . Sastry said it 's hard to predict when something of that scale will happen -- many industry experts disagree on an exact time -- but it will happen . "  Keep in mind , several industries have to work together to make this happen , " she said .	Gov. Jennifer Granholm says auto industry 's future is electric University of Michigan expert agrees Big Three need to move to electric cars Public opinion on energy conservation is pushing the move , expert says
CNN  -- North Korea resumed firing near its sea border with South Korea on Thursday , South Korean media said , citing Seoul officials . Artillery shells were fired toward South Korean-controlled Yeonpyeong Island , Yonhap News Agency quoted the officials as saying , adding that the shells fell in waters north of the Northern Limit Line  NLL  , the de facto inter-Korean maritime border . The North fired artillery shells on Wednesday in the same area , saying they were part of an annual training drill . "  We have confirmed North Korea 's firing of several artillery shells , but they did not cross " the two countries ' maritime border , said Park Sung-woo , of Seoul 's joint chiefs of staff , according to Yonhap . "  We are on high military alert . " "  Following the firing by North Korea , South Korea responded by shooting vulcan canons into the air , a statement that it would not be intimidated by saber-rattling by the communist neighbor , " Yonhap said . There were no reports of casualties . Also Thursday , a South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman said that despite the tension , talks slated for Monday with North Korea would still go forward in the North Korean border town of Kaesong , Yonhap reported . Seventeen South Korean officials are expected to attend those talks , Yonhap cited Chun Hae-sung , the official , as saying .	NEW : Talks still on for Monday in North Korean border town , South Korean official says North says firing of artillery shells is part of an annual training drill Inter-Korean talks still set for Monday , Yonhap cites S. Korean official as saying
Join Roland Martin for his weekly sound-off segment on CNN.com Live at 10:30 a.m. ET Wednesday . If you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you . Roland Martin says journalists do n't serve the public if they push rumors . CNN  -- Two recent stories are a prime example of how important it is for the media to confront the reality of rumors in the age of the Internet . One week before comedian Bernie Mac passed away , text messages and e-mails were flying all over the country with reports that he had died . I was in New York , and friends and colleagues from Chicago , Illinois , to Dallas , Texas , and Los Angeles , California , were saying they knew for sure that the 50-year-old comedian was dead . The rumor mill was so hot that his publicist had to release a statement making it clear that he was not dead , which was subsequently published by the Chicago Sun-Times . What makes this story important is that it was left to the publicist and the family to decide to quash the rumor with the truth , and it was our job in the media to go with the news because it was the latest information made available regarding his condition . Then there is the "  rumor " of an affair by former North Carolina senator and two-time presidential candidate John Edwards . The story was broken by the National Enquirer after months of digging . Ultimately , a source came forward and was likely paid for the information that blew the lid off of the story ; the tabloid 's editor said "  you can assume " the Enquirer paid for it . The story exposed Edwards as a liar for contending for two years that such an affair never happened . There has been a lot of hand wringing about why a major media outlet was n't able to verify the story and run with it . The heated discussions even reached the point where Charlotte Observer editor Rick Thames told PBS ' "  NewsHour with Jim Lehrer " that since mainstream media no longer has the news cycle to itself , "  When rumor arises , we 're going to need to address it . And , unfortunately , we may need to address it before we can determine whether it 's true or not because it 's having impact , as it was in this case . " Sorry , Rick , I disagree . The most fundamental aspect of being a journalist is that we do n't traffic in rumor and innuendo . None of us serves the public if we are in the business of pushing unverified stories into print or on the airwaves just so we can keep up with a rumor that is out of control . Running with such rumors has far-reaching implications . Just check out this month 's Vanity Fair , where Bryan Burroughs has a great story on the collapse of Bear Stearns . The investment bank 's demise , some conclude , was all a result of baseless rumors suggesting the company had cash problems , even though it was sitting on $ 18 billion . The rumors kept going and going and when the story hit the airwaves , it spread like wildfire . In one week , Bear Stearns was no more , and former company executives are still trying to determine what killed the Wall Street behemoth . We should forget the nonsense about the competitive pressure to break the story . The rules are simple : Either you have the facts or you do n't . If you do , you run with the story . If you do n't , you leave it alone . The National Enquirer got the story because its reporters were able to confront Edwards as he was leaving the Beverly Hills Hotel room of the woman with whom he later admitted having an affair . Then the paper got its hands on what it said was a photo of the 2004 Democratic vice presidential nominee playing with a baby the Enquirer said was the child of the mistress . With other major media outlets turning up the heat , Edwards admitted the affair in an interview with ABC 's Bob Woodruff . No media executive should be pulling his or her hair out , trying to figure out why they chose not to spread the rumor . If they had , and the facts did n't support the rumor , then we would all look like fools and that would have angered the public even more . We have an obligation to stick with the facts , and nothing else . And no matter what a blogger , Web site or tabloid paper has decided to run with , the day we choose to alter our standards , our credibility and integrity will be shot . In the end , as former ABC News anchor Max Robinson said in 1988 , that 's all we 've got . Nothing is worth losing that , even getting the scoop on an affair involving a candidate whose political career is likely over . Roland S. Martin is an award-winning journalist and CNN contributor . He is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith . " Please visit his Web site at http://www.rolandsmartin.com/ . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Mac , Edwards stories point out importance of confronting rumors , Martin says Martin says rules are simple : If you have the facts , run with the story Martin says journalists should stick to that , no matter what hits the Internet That 's how journalists keep credibility and integrity , he says
CNN  -- Dan Godshall and 21 other students at Slippery Rock University will not be allowed to graduate at their school 's main ceremony because they recently visited Mexico . Dan Godshall was worried at first about telling his mother he was n't able to be at the main graduation . The students , who returned this week after student teaching in Mexico , came back to the United States early because they were worried the border would be closed and they 'd miss out on walking at their graduation . But now , they 'll be walking in their own graduation , without any of their classmates , because the college feared they made have been exposed to the H1N1 flu outbreak in Mexico . "  At first I was like , no way , no way , " Godshall told CNN . "  I had the irrational , 15-minute oh my God , oh my God , I ca n't go to my graduation . " The students got the news from the school and received an e-mail from the university 's vice president explaining the change . "  The university has received hundreds of calls from students and parents who were worried about being exposed at the commencement ceremonies , " the e-mail said . "  We have an obligation to protect others from what they perceive is possible exposure to this virus . " When he heard the news , Godshall was worried about how he would tell his mother that she would n't get to see him walk across the stage with the pomp and circumstance that everyone else will have . "  I thought my mom was going to freak , " he said . iReport.com : How should we handle swine flu Senior Ryan Brisini said at first when he found out that he could n't walk , he was "  a little irked . " "  But we are a liability , and if you are going to try and do the best thing for the school and the entire graduation ceremony , we probably should n't be there , " he said . So Brisini and Godshall took the news in stride . The 22 students will get a ceremony unlike anyone else in the school -- and the main graduation will see a video of their ceremony . "  It makes us a little distinguished from the group , " Godshall said . "  We were already the Mexican group , the swine flu zombies , now it gives us something positive and everyone has to watch our ceremony . " And with a small ceremony , only attended by the 22 students , their family and friends and university officials , senior Ryan Brisini thinks it will be more memorable . He wo n't have to sit next to a bunch of people he wo n't know , and he wo n't have to endure the lingering theatrics of a regular ceremony . "  I think its kind of cool because when you are with people for an entire month you bond with them , and I can say I 'm genuinely excited for everyone graduating , whereas at the main graduation I 'd be with a bunch of kids I do n't know , " he said . "  With this I can clap and cheer for everyone and genuinely be happy for them . " Still , some students are upset they will miss out on the grandiose day . John Powell , who also went on the trip , told CNN affiliate WTAE-TV that the whole reason the group left early was so they could attend . "  It hits me a little bit . It 's a necessary evil , separating us . I do n't agree with it totally , but I 'm not in too big of a position to overturn it , " Powell said . Watch Slippery Rock students tell their story " WTAE reported the university , in Slippery Rock , Pennsylvania , says it has received hundreds of calls from concerned people . "  There are concerns from the public perspective that they will be exposed , " university spokeswoman Rita Abent told WTAE . "  They may boo them . They may get up and walk out . And graduation should be a very respectful and a very celebratory time . " Slippery Rock University is n't the only school making changes to graduation ceremonies because of swine flu fears . Cisco Junior College in West Central Texas is canceling Friday graduation ceremonies . Students will get their diplomas by mail , the college said . "  We understand that many will be disappointed by our decision , " college President Colleen Smith said in a statement . "  However , we believe that it is more important to protect our students , employees and families than to proceed with graduation ceremonies at this time . " Graduates at Northeastern University in Boston , Massachusetts , will get diplomas at commencement ceremonies Saturday but will have to live without part of the day 's tradition . "  Since direct contact is one of the ways flu viruses spread , we have decided to forgo the traditional congratulatory handshake as you come forward to receive your diploma and have your photo taken with your dean , " the school told students in a letter posted on its Web site . Across the country thousands of elementary , middle and high school students are feeling the impact too . At least four high schools have canceled their proms this weekend , including Park City High School in Park City , Utah , according to CNN affiliate KSL-TV . Senior Kelly McGuire , who was getting ready for the prom on Saturday , is making last-minute changes because of the rescheduling . "  That 's a bummer , because it means we have to try to cancel our limo , " McGuire told KSL-TV . "  All cancellations have to be a week in advance . I have to cancel my tux , my corsage . It 's going to be hectic . " The Department of Education said that as of noon on Friday 433 schools , with a total of 245,449 students , in 17 states have been closed . Fort Worth schools will be closed at least until May 12 , authorities said , announcing that one student was confirmed to have swine flu . The closure affects about 80,000 students . Texas school officials have postponed all interscholastic sports until at least May 11 . Alabama has taken a similar step , stopping competitions until at least Tuesday . In Montgomery County , Maryland , 1,250-student Rockville High School joined the closed list Friday when state health authorities closed it until further notice because of a suspected swine flu case . There , too , athletics were taking a big hit , Assistant Principal Dyan Gomez said . Rockville 's teams were even banned from traveling to other schools to compete this weekend , she said . CNN 's Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	Slippery Rock University students who visited Mexico will have own graduation Student : "  We are a liability ... we probably should n't be there " Some students thrilled to get unique ceremony where they will know all graduates Schools postponing proms , canceling graduations over swine flu fears
CNN  -- Doctors are "  satisfied " with Nelson Mandela 's progress three days after he underwent endoscopic surgery to remove gall stones , but he will remain under their care for the time being , the office of the South African president said in a statement Tuesday . According to the statement , doctors said "  there is no crisis , but add that they are in no hurry to send him home just yet until they are satisfied that he has made sufficient progress . " "  We urge the public to continue supporting Madiba , but at the same time to understand that he is 94 years old and needs extraordinary care , " the South African presidency said . "  If he spends more days in the hospital , it is because that necessary care is being provided . " Read more : Nelson Mandela has lung infection Mandela , who has been hospitalized for 11 days because of a recurring lung infection , has not appeared in public since the 2010 World Cup hosted by South Africa . The former president gets round-the-clock care since abdominal surgery this year and an acute respiratory infection in 2011 . According to the statement , presidential spokesperson Mac Maharaj went to see the former president Tuesday and reported , "  He is looking much better , " and that the former president asked , "  Mac , what are you doing here ? " "  I asked him not give doctors any trouble , " Maharaj said . The Nobel Peace Prize winner spent 27 years in prison for fighting against oppression of blacks in South Africa . He became the nation 's first black president in 1994 , four years after he was freed . South Africa last month launched a new batch of banknotes with a picture of a smiling Mandela on the front .	Nelson Mandela underwent a procedure to remove gall stones on Saturday Mandela , 94 , still requires "  extraordinary care , " the South African presidency says The Nobel laureate has been hospitalized for 11 days A presidential spokesperson says he joked with the former president during a visit Tuesday
CNN  From beneath his bed , an asylum seeker types messages on a phone smuggled into Manus Island detention center in Papua New Guinea , as two friends keep watch . "  No crime to seek asylum , we are in manus jail . " He 's been there for 18 months and now finds himself witness to a mass hunger strike by as many as 700 fellow asylum seekers or transferees , as they 're called . He said he has n't joined them because he fears that the respect he has in the compound means he could be singled out as a troublemaker , and that if he was taken to the medical center , he would n't be allowed back . He has asked not to be named . Photos sent from the mobile phone he keeps hidden from guards show dozens of hunger strikers lying bare-chested on the concrete floor of the detention compound . "  Many people fall , " he wrote , sending an image of man lying outside on the gravel with the message : "  no power in his body . " Asylum seekers in the Australian offshore processing center have been declining food for nine days . They 're protesting against the Canberra government 's plans to send around 50 confirmed refugees to another facility in Lorengau , the capital of Manus Province . The first of the transfers are due to start on Thursday . Both the PNG and the Australian governments have said that the move is only temporary , and it 's part of a program that will see some refugees resettled elsewhere in Papua New Guinea . Still , the asylum seekers -- and government critics -- have expressed concerns . "  It 's simply moving them to a different type of accommodation , an accommodation that asylum seekers are fearful is not going to keep them safe from resentment in the local community , " said Australian Greens Senator Sarah Hanson-Young , an outspoken critic of the government 's policy . So fearful are they of moving , some asylum seekers have resorted to self-harm . The PNG government has confirmed some have sewn their lips together , or swallowed washing powder or metal filaments from disposable razors . Authorities have not revealed how many people have been treated by medical staff at the site , and information coming from advocates and those inside the prison is difficult to confirm . "  It 's extremely challenging to verify the information that we 're getting , " said Amnesty International 's Graeme McGregor , who said even under normal circumstances communication for the asylum seekers is "  very limited . " On Monday afternoon , security forces ended a standoff with transferees in the Delta compound , one of four compounds at the center . The transferees had barricaded the gates so that no one could enter or leave . PNG 's Foreign Affairs Minister Rimbink Pato said the standoff was resolved peacefully with no serious injury . In contrast , advocates said the compound came under "  attack " by security forces and transferees were seen being dragged away in handcuffs . Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton on Tuesday conceded a "  degree of force " was involved , but said the PNG government deserved praise for its professionalism in handling the situation . Earlier he accused some advocates of aggravating the situation by spreading "  false and misleading claims , " including reports the asylum seekers were being denied food and water . "  There are no false and misleading claims and the minister ca n't point to any , " said Ian Rintoul , from the Refugee Action Coalition in Sydney . "  Yet again , the immigration department tends to point to some unspoken , unnamed minority when it 's really the government 's policy that are really the driving force of the protests . " Conditions in the detention center have been the subject of criticism and complaint since it re-opened in November 2012 as the primary site for the processing of offshore asylum claims for people who arrive in Australian waters by boat . The Australian government has said the center meets international obligations . Since then , the mental health of the transferees has suffered , according to rights advocates , and relations with the local community have been damaged to the point that the men fear for their lives outside the center 's perimeter . "  They 've had constant threats , just last week , that they will be killed , that  locals  will settle accounts with them outside the detention center , " Rintoul said . The worst of the threats started 12 months ago , when a 23-year-old Iranian asylum seeker , Reza Berati , was killed after days of protests erupted into violence . Dozens were injured during clashes between asylum seekers , guards and locals who entered the facility . An independent report commissioned by the government into the riot found Berati "  suffered a severe brain injury caused by a brutal beating by several assailants and died a few hours later . " Last summer , two PNG nationals were arrested , including the alleged leader of the attack who had been employed at the center . The alleged involvement of locals -- and the fact that several alleged assailants may still be at large -- has raised fears inside the detention center that they 'll be targeted if not protected . The government has said security is adequate and refugees can call on the police if needed . Senator Hanson-Young visited the island before the riot , in 2013 , and said even then it was clear to her that the local feeling of animosity toward the asylum seekers was "  pretty severe . " "  The local community think they 're criminals in a prison . They think they are people who must have done something wrong -- and they 're being told that these people are going to be living in their community , " she said . But she said a lot of the ill feeling relates to the huge pay disparity between the local and the expat employees . "  The locals get paid $ 4.50 and hour , versus the $ 45 per hour for expats . That has always an issue of contention that has led to a lot of resentment about the facility overall , " she said . From his contraband phone , the transferee sends more images of signs , the words written neatly in capital letters on sheets hung in the compound . "  TO AUSTRALIAN GOVERNMENT . STOP TORTURING US . IF YOU THINK WE DO N'T DESERVE AUS . THEN HAND OVER ALL OF US TO THE UN . WE DO N'T WANT YOUR HELP ! " The Australian government has said the Manus Island transferees are free to return to Afghanistan , Iraq , Iran , or wherever they came from . If they ask , they 'll receive government assistance to go back . However , Senator Hanson-Young said that option is not being taken up by desperate people who once fled in fear of their lives . "  Anyone who is still left here now is because they 've got no other choice . " Asked why he does n't volunteer to leave , the transferee texts : "  I will die if I go back . "	Hunger strikes enter ninth day on Manus Island , Papua New Guinea 1,200 asylum seekers who entered Australian waters have been taken there for processing They fear plans to move some to another facility will leave them vulnerable to attack from locals
CNN  -- Historically , surveillance was difficult and expensive . Over the decades , as technology advanced , surveillance became easier and easier . Today , we find ourselves in a world of ubiquitous surveillance , where everything is collected , saved , searched , correlated and analyzed . But while technology allowed for an increase in both corporate and government surveillance , the private and public sectors took very different paths to get there . The former always collected information about everyone , but over time , collected more and more of it , while the latter always collected maximal information , but over time , collected it on more and more people . Corporate surveillance has been on a path from minimal to maximal information . Corporations always collected information on everyone they could , but in the past they did n't collect very much of it and only held it as long as necessary . When surveillance information was expensive to collect and store , companies made do with as little as possible . Telephone companies collected long-distance calling information because they needed it for billing purposes . Credit cards collected only the information about their customers ' transactions that they needed for billing . Stores hardly ever collected information about their customers , maybe some personal preferences , or name-and-address for advertising purposes . Even Google , back in the beginning , collected far less information about its users than it does today . As technology improved , corporations were able to collect more . As the cost of data storage became cheaper , they were able to save more data and for a longer time . And as big data analysis tools became more powerful , it became profitable to save more . Today , almost everything is being saved by someone -- probably forever . Examples are everywhere . Internet companies like Google , Facebook , Amazon and Apple collect everything we do online at their sites . Third-party cookies allow those companies , and others , to collect data on us wherever we are on the Internet . Store affinity cards allow merchants to track our purchases . CCTV and aerial surveillance combined with automatic face recognition allow companies to track our movements ; so does your cell phone . The Internet will facilitate even more surveillance , by more corporations for more purposes . On the government side , surveillance has been on a path from individually targeted to broadly collected . When surveillance was manual and expensive , it could only be justified in extreme cases . The warrant process limited police surveillance , and resource restraints and the risk of discovery limited national intelligence surveillance . Specific individuals were targeted for surveillance , and maximal information was collected on them alone . As technology improved , the government was able to implement ever-broadening surveillance . The National Security Agency could surveil groups -- the Soviet government , the Chinese diplomatic corps , etc. -- not just individuals . Eventually , they could spy on entire communications trunks . Now , instead of watching one person , the NSA can monitor "  three hops " away from that person -- an ever widening network of people not directly connected to the person under surveillance . Using sophisticated tools , the NSA can surveil broad swaths of the Internet and phone network . Governments have always used their authority to piggyback on corporate surveillance . Why should they go through the trouble of developing their own surveillance programs when they could just ask corporations for the data ? For example we just learned that the NSA collects e-mail , IM and social networking contact lists for millions of Internet users worldwide . But as corporations started collecting more information on populations , governments started demanding that data . Through National Security Letters , the FBI can surveil huge groups of people without obtaining a warrant . Through secret agreements , the NSA can monitor the entire Internet and telephone networks . This is a huge part of the public-private surveillance partnership . The result of all this is we 're now living in a world where both corporations and governments have us all under pretty much constant surveillance . Data is a byproduct of the information society . Every interaction we have with a computer creates a transaction record , and we interact with computers hundreds of times a day . Even if we do n't use a computer -- buying something in person with cash , say -- the merchant uses a computer , and the data flows into the same system . Everything we do leaves a data shadow , and that shadow is constantly under surveillance . Data is also a byproduct of information society socialization , whether it be e-mail , instant messages or conversations on Facebook . Conversations that used to be ephemeral are now recorded , and we are all leaving digital footprints wherever we go . Moore 's law has made computing cheaper . All of us have made computing ubiquitous . And because computing produces data , and that data equals surveillance , we have created a world of ubiquitous surveillance . Now we need to figure out what to do about it . This is more than reining in the NSA or fining a corporation for the occasional data abuse . We need to decide whether our data is a shared societal resource , a part of us that is inherently ours by right , or a private good to be bought and sold . Writing in The Guardian , Chris Huhn said that "  information is power , and the necessary corollary is that privacy is freedom . " How this interplay between power and freedom play out in the information age is still to be determined . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier .	Bruce Schneier : Historically , surveillance was difficult ; now it 's become much easier Schneier : Government and corporate surveillance used to be very different He says today NSA can piggyback on corporate surveillance ; they 're like partners Schneier : We need to decide whether data is a societal resource or a commodity
CNN  -- Senate Republicans on Thursday blocked a Democrat-backed bill that would have extended tax cuts to small businesses . Both sides indicated the vote was political one -- Democrats said Republicans blocked the bill to cost President Barack Obama political points . Republicans said that the legislation was a campaign stunt and was n't enough to have any impact on jump-starting the economy . By the numbers , here 's a look at small business in America : CNN Money : Small Business 3 - Small business tax cut bills that were rejected in the U.S. Congress this week . 1953 - Year the U.S. Small Business Administration was founded . 499 - Highest number of employees a business can have to be considered a "  small business . " 249 - Maximum workers employed at a "  small business " in the 1950s . 79 - Percent of American businesses that are non-employee businesses , with no employees other than the proprietor . Dear America : It 's time to up our entrepreneurial game $ 7 million - Largest amount of average annual receipts to qualify as a small business . 20 - Percent of income eligible for tax deduction by small businesses under the Small Business Tax Cut Act , proposed by House Majority Leader Eric Cantor . $ 73 billion - Amount of the projected total increase in personal incomes if the Democrats ' Small Business Jobs and Tax Relief Act had passed in the Senate . $ 87 billion - Amount potentially added to the GDP . Health reform : What 's at stake for small business 990,592 - Estimated number of jobs that would have been created . 10 % - Tax credit on new payroll , a hiring incentive for business owners under the Senate Small Business Jobs and Tax Relief Act . 7 - Shortage of votes needed for the Senate to be able to invoke cloture and end the debate on the bill . 5,749,797 - Firms in the U.S. with fewer than 500 employees , as of 2009 . Family business : How to pass the baton 56,281,503 - Employees of small firms with fewer than 500 workers , in 2009 . 2.4 million - Businesses owned by veterans , making up 9 % of all businesses , as of 2007 . 45 - percent of new businesses established in 2004 that were still around in 2009 . 2 - Percent of Americans with incomes higher than $ 250,000 annually , those who would be affected by the expiration of the Bush-era tax cuts , according to President Obama . 1 in 6 - Baby boomers surveyed in 2011 by AARP who expect to eventually have their own business .	Three small business tax cut bills were rejected by Congress this week $ 7 million is the largest amount of annual receipts a business can have and still be "  small " $ 87 billion is the potential amount added to the GDP by small business
CNN  -- You may be relieved or even ecstatic about the end of a symbol of terror , or maybe it seems like the pain is just beginning all over again . Both of these reactions to the death of Osama bin Laden , who was killed by U.S. troops in Pakistan , are natural , experts say . From the celebrations in Washington and New York , it looks like lots of people are happy . Chants of "  USA ! USA ! " reverberated outside the White House and at New York 's ground zero as crowds celebrated the death of the terrorist leader , President Obama announced Sunday . As far as the collective American psyche goes , it makes sense that this is a moment of celebration , says Columbia University psychiatrist Dr. Jeffery Lieberman . The country has been experiencing emotional malaise , with a slow-moving economy , a sense of America losing its No. 1 status in the world , and a decade of pent-up anguish about the threat of terrorism . Much like the World War II years , these have been uncertain times . Then , rumors of bin Laden 's death , confirmed by an announcement from the president , lifted that burden of pain and helplessness . "  In the blink of an eye , the gloom and doom and pessimism has dissipated , " Lieberman said . After bin Laden : What does it mean to you ? But wait a minute : Should we rejoice in the death of another human being ? But although bin Laden claimed responsibility for the destruction of the World Trade Center and the deaths of thousands of Americans , the outpouring of celebration does n't feel right for everyone . David Sirota , a newspaper columnist and a contributor to Salon felt uncomfortable with the jubilation because he said there is a "  difference between relief and euphoria . " "  A euphoric response instead of somber relief suggests that we are celebrating revenge . We are not celebrating an end to the war , " he said , comparing it to the public 's euphoria when World War II ended . "  What 's a little scary about this : We were once a country that saw violence as regrettable , but sometimes necessary act . But we 're not celebrating end of violence , but the exercise of it . " Josh Pesavento , 22 , a journalism student in New York who photographed the cheering crowds in Times Square on Monday morning , also felt conflicted about the celebrations he witnessed . "  I do n't believe that any person has the right to kill anyone , and I do n't think that we should be cheering for yet more loss of life . However , I tell myself that in this situation , these people may be cheering for the end of an icon who led to the death of far , far too many , " Pesavento said . For some , bin Laden represents an idea more than a person who lived and died . More than the death of a human being , this ends the life of a powerful symbol of terrorism and destruction , said Nadine Kaslow , psychologist at Emory University . Bin Laden 's death hits closer to home in the U.S. than the capture and execution of Saddam Hussein , for example , because the Iraqi dictator did not directly attack American soil , she said . The celebratory mood reflects a sense that fairness and justice had been restored and that a terrorist got his comeuppance , said Kaslow . "  I think people feel like this guy got what he deserved . It was a sense that it was ` our family ' that was killed , " she said . But there are likely others who are n't chanting on the streets for whom the death of bin Laden brings back painful memories of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , she said . People who lost loved ones on September 11 , 2001 , may have symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder , and the killing of bin Laden may open old wounds , Lieberman said . "  It does n't bring their loved ones back . It does n't ease their pain . There was so much more to this than catching bin Laden . At best , they would be bittersweet : It feels good to have the relief of this guy being gone , but the pain of their loss is very strong and very real to them , " said Dr. Susan Nolen-Hoeksema , a Yale University psychologist . Is it morally right to celebrate bin Laden 's death ? Diana Massaroli , who lost her husband , Michael Massaroli , in the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 , said the news of bin Laden 's death made her feel an "  overall calm that I have n't felt in 10 years . " "  I feel better ... like I can start a new chapter in my life . " Sirota and Kaslow likened bin Laden 's death to the execution of a convicted murderer of someone 's family , which may bring a sense of closure for some . In the case of bin Laden , though , there is fear of retaliation from terrorist groups . "  Relief also comes with a kind of sadness that the victims can never be brought back and sadness at the world that creates such a perpetrator , " Sirota said . Even people who did n't feel the direct impact of the attacks on September 11 , 2001 , will feel relief , Kaslow said . After all , everyone gets reminded of the global insecurity that resulted whenever they go to the airport . The terrorist leader 's living situation also does n't bring about any sympathy -- he was n't starving and struggling in a cave , but rather lived in a mansion , which adds to his perceived arrogance , Kaslow said . The news of bin Laden 's death "  allows us to put some sort of order " to the horror of 9-11 because otherwise , "  it 's upsetting , disconcerting when we 're reminded how unpredictable life , death and the world around us could be , " said Sam Sommer , associate professor of psychology at Tufts University . People 's reactions are likely tied to how emotionally and personally they felt to the events 10 years ago , Sommer said . "  It seems to me that the emotional reaction had a lot to do with the differences in how people view this -- whether it 's the right triumphing over evil -- a lot of young people are viewing this in that way , " Nolen-Hoeksema said . She noted that her teenage son and his friends were enthusiastically tweeting about the news in a tone that "  this is a bad guy , the good guys got him finally -- that 's all they are seeing . " After , all Jack Bauer of "  24 " was trending on Twitter . But the one common factor was that everyone felt a need to share the news and their observations -- whether it was rallying in front of the White House , or tweeting or updating their Facebook page . "  These emotionally charged events send us back to our social roots and make us need to affiliate with other people , " Sommer said . CNN 's Nicole Saidi contributed to this report .	Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. troops in Pakistan , President Obama announced Sunday Bin Laden 's death may come with feelings of relief for many people Reactions likely tied to emotions felt on September 11 , 2001
Atlanta  CNN  -- Twice-convicted killer Warren Lee Hill was granted final-hour stays of execution on Tuesday , his attorney said . The stays came from the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and the Georgia Court of Appeals . "  I think we were within about a half hour of the execution , " said Brian Kammer , an attorney for Hill , whose supporters say is mentally disabled . The Georgia Court of Appeals acted on a appeal of a challenge to the way the prison handles the lethal injection drugs used in executions , while the federal appeals court issued a stay "  ordering a further briefing on the issue of mental retardation , " Kammer said . Earlier Tuesday , the U.S. Supreme Court denied a stay of execution , as did the state Supreme Court , while the Georgia State Board of Pardons and Paroles similarly denied a request for clemency . Listen : Asking for mercy in the end The execution had been scheduled for 7 p.m. ET at a state prison in Jackson , about 45 miles south of Atlanta . Hill was sentenced to death for the 1990 killing of Joseph Handspike , another inmate in a Georgia state prison . He was convicted of beating Handspike to death with a nail-studded board while serving a life sentence in the 1985 killing of his girlfriend , Myra Wright . His lawyers have argued that Hill 's IQ of 70 means he should be spared under a 2002 decision that barred the execution of the mentally disabled . But a string of state courts has said Hill does n't qualify under Georgia law , which requires inmates to prove mental impairment "  beyond a reasonable doubt . " "  This is the strictest standard in any jurisdiction in the nation . Even Warren Hill , a man with an IQ of 70 who is diagnosed as mentally retarded by every doctor who has examined him , found it impossible to meet this standard of proof , " Kammer said . Handspike 's family has called for the execution to be called off . The Georgia Council on Developmental Disabilities also weighed in against the execution , stating , "  No other state risks the lives of those with developmental disabilities to this extreme . " Three doctors who examined Hill for the state "  have now revised their opinions and find that Mr. Hill does meet the criteria for mental retardation , " his lawyers argued in court papers . But lawyers for the state have said that Hill served in the Navy , held a job and managed his money before Wright 's killing -- signs that he did n't necessarily meet the legal standard for retardation , even though he has a low IQ . Hill had previously been scheduled for execution in July , but the state Supreme Court halted the execution on procedural grounds . Georgia has executed 52 men since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1973 , according to the Georgia Department of Corrections . There are currently 94 men and one woman under death sentence in the state . CNN 's Dana Ford , Bill Mears and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and the Georgia Court of Appeals grant the stays Warren Lee Hill 's attorney says they came within a half hour of the scheduled execution Hill 's defenders say he 's mentally disabled Hill was convicted of beating to death another Georgia inmate in 1990
New York  CNN  -- The WTC Captive Insurance Co. announced settlements Thursday with more than 10,000 plaintiffs who claimed sickness or injuries after the 9/11 terrorist attacks . The settlements could total up to $ 657 million . WTC Captive was created with a $ 1 billion FEMA grant and provides insurance coverage to the City of New York and its debris-removal contractors . In the aftermath of attacks of September 11 , 2001 , New York was unable to get adequate amounts of liability insurance for the rescue , recovery and debris-removal work done at the World Trade Center site . The settlement would provide a system to pay for the compensation of the injury claims made by people working on the rescue and debris removal for the city and its contractors . This would include construction workers , firefighters , police officers and other workers and volunteers . The settlement would also fund a special insurance policy , which provides additional compensation to any plaintiff contracting certain types of cancer in the future . Christine LaSala , president of WTC Captive , said in a statement : "  We have reached a settlement that is fair under difficult and complicated circumstances . This agreement enables workers and volunteers claiming injury from the WTC site operations to obtain compensation commensurate with the nature of their injuries and the strength of their claims , while offering added protection against possible future illness . " In order to make a claim , plaintiffs will have to submit proof they were present and participated in the post-9 / 11 efforts . They will also have to present specific medical documentation , including a diagnosis confirming their illness or injury . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said of the resolution , "  This settlement is a fair and reasonable resolution to a complex set of circumstances . Since September 11th , the city has moved aggressively to provide medical treatment to those who were present at Ground Zero , and we will continue our commitment to treatment and monitoring . " A spokesman for the mayor declined further comment . After the 9/11 attacks , individuals who worked or volunteered in the rescue , recovery and debris-removal project were entitled to and have received free medical care , which has been funded by the City of New York and the federal government . Participating in the settlement would not deter access to that care . Former New York firefighter Kenny Specht told CNN 's Campbell Brown , "  You really ca n't put a price on your health , so I hope that this settlement was done the right way and I hope that it was done with people 's health and safety and future in mind . " Specht , 37 , was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2008 .	WTC Captive Insurance Co. announced settlements with more than 10,000 plaintiffs Settlements could total up to $ 657 million WTC Captive provides coverage to the city and its debris-removal contractors Settlement would provide system to pay for compensation of injury claims
CNN  -- One of Africa 's most successful footballers , Nwankwo Kanu , has had a glittering career on the pitch . The 6 ft 5 in Nigerian footballer has used his sizable stature in the game to help many others . Winning a gold medal with Nigeria in the 1996 Olympic Games he has also won the European Cup with Ajax ; the English Premier League Title and FA Cup with Arsenal in 2002 , and in 2008 scored the winning goal for Portsmouth in the FA Cup Final . But off the pitch , Kanu has worked just as hard to improve the lives of others . He set up the Kanu Heart Foundation in 2000 that raises money to help children with hearth defects . It 's an issue that Kanu is particularly connected to . In 1995 , when he was already a double-European Cup finalist , Kanu was told by a doctor for Inter Milan , the club he had just signed for , that he a faulty value in his heart . He was told he could never play football again . However he spent 14 months rehabilitating and then moved to Arsenal in England and arguably had the most successful years of his career . Now nearing the end of his career , Kanu has set up another foundation . Founded in 2008 , The Kanu Football Foundation aims to help advise young African footballer who can face all sorts of pressures when trying to become a professional football and avoid being exploited .	Nigerian footballer is European Cup and English Premier League winner Age 19 , told he could never play football again after hole was found in his heart A UNICEF ambassador has also set up two charitable foundations
Washington  CNN  -- Ten years ago this week , under orders from Gen. Eric Shinseki , then Army Chief of Staff , the black beret became standard gear in the U.S. Army . It was the start of a pitched battle within the Army that would soon find itself fighting two hot wars . Now , just shy of the anniversary , Gen. Martin Dempsey , the current Army chief of staff , has replaced the black beret with the patrol cap as the default headgear for soldiers wearing Army combat uniforms , what most of us would call their camouflage fatigues . A patrol cap is like a camouflage baseball cap with a flat top rather than a rounded crown  think Pittsburgh Pirates circa 1979 . "  It 's fantastic , " one soldier at the Pentagon said when CNN asked about the change . "  Awesome , " wrote a soldier on the Army 's official Facebook page . "  Sanity has prevailed . " For years , soldiers have complained the wool beret was hot , hard to adjust and took two hands to put on . Others said it looked out of place in combination with the uniform soldiers wore when doing their grubbiest work . But even before Shinseki 's order , the idea of having the entire Army wear berets was met with anger by the soldiers already wearing berets , like Special Forces , Airborne troops and especially the Army Rangers . Special Forces , known better as the Green Berets , considered the beret as a symbol of their becoming members of an elite group of soldiers . As did Airborne troops with their maroon berets and the Rangers who had been wearing black berets since at least 1979 . Many of these elite soldiers felt that having every soldier wear a beret diminished the work and training they 'd gone through to earn their berets . "  Originally the black beret was a Ranger tradition , " said Butch Nery , president of the U.S. Army Ranger Association . "  Now I 've gotten used to the tan beret . " "  My initial reaction to the decision to make the black beret the official headgear of the Army was one of anger and disappointment , " Retired Army Major Richard Jones wrote in an official Army Internet post about the beret . At first , he tried to have the decision reversed before eventually getting on board . This latest change means the Special Forces and Airborne troops will keep their green and maroon berets , and the Rangers will stick with the tan berets that they switched to 10 years ago . If it strikes you that the Army is spending a lot of time and money worrying about hats , well not so . First off , the Army does n't wear hats , it wears headgear or covers . More importantly , the Army says this move will soon save taxpayers about $ 6.5 million . The savings will come because most soldiers were being issued two berets and two patrol caps . Now they 'll be issued just one beret and two patrol caps . The beret wo n't go away ; it will still be the standard head gear for soldiers wearing their Army Service Uniform  ASU  , a dress uniform for more formal events . Even some of those who opposed wearing the beret in the field posted on Facebook that they liked keeping the beret for those occasions . "  Glad you 're still holding onto the beret for certain things , looks great with the ASU ! " one soldier posted .	The Army 's black beret is being replaced with the patrol cap "  Sanity has prevailed , " says one soldier Some soldiers say the beret is hot , hard to adjust and takes two hands to put on
CNN  -- The Rev. Billy Graham , the 88-year-old legendary Christian evangelist , was hospitalized in North Carolina early Saturday for evaluation and treatment of intestinal bleeding . Evangelist Billy Graham speaks at the Billy Graham Library dedication on May 31 , 2007 , in Charlotte , North Carolina . He was admitted to the Mission Health and Hospitals in Asheville , North Carolina , near his home in Montreat , and is listed in fair condition , a hospital spokesman said in a written statement . "  Mr. Graham 's physicians said the illness does not appear to be life-threatening , as Mr. Graham 's condition had stabilized over the hours following admission and treatment . "  An upper endoscopy and a bleeding scan showed no areas of bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract . The physicians say the bleeding may have come from diverticuli , small pouches that can form in the lower intestine . These may become irritated and bleed . A diverticular bleed often begins suddenly and may stop on its own . " Graham 's wife , Ruth Bell Graham , died in June . E-mail to a friend	Christian evangelist Graham , 88 , in fair condition Admitted to Mission Health and Hospitals in Asheville , North Carolina Physicians say the bleeding may be diverticulitis
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- An Afghan political figure considered vital to peace efforts in the country was assassinated Tuesday , officials said . Burhanuddin Rabbani , a former Afghan president who had been leading the Afghan peace council , was killed in an attack at his home . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said two suicide bombers , "  feigning a desire to conduct reconciliation talks , detonated themselves . " Afghan officials earlier said there was one bomber . The attacker hid the explosive device inside his turban , said Hasmat Stanikzai , spokesman for Kabul police . An Afghan intelligence source told CNN that the bomber arrived at the house at the same time a meeting was due to take place between Rabbani and a delegation representing the Taliban insurgency . Stanikzai said the bomber claimed to be a Taliban member who had come for the talks about peace and reconciliation , and detonated the explosives as he entered the home . Four other people were wounded , including Masoom Stanikzai , a key adviser to Rabbani , the police spokesman said . A doctor at a 400-bed hospital in Kabul said , "  We have received three people from the blast at Rabbani 's house . Among the injured are Masoom Stanikzai , one bodyguard and an assistant " to Rabbani . Rabbani was long considered crucial to Afghan and coalition efforts to bring Taliban leaders into the reconciliation process . He was also heading the United National Front Party , the largest political party that stands in opposition to President Hamid Karzai . Karzai called Rabbani 's killing a "  very tragic loss " for his country . Speaking at the United Nations in New York , Karzai described Rabbani as "  an Afghan patriot " who "  has sacrificed his life for the sake of Afghanistan and for the peace of our country . " "  We will miss him very much , " Karzai said . Karzai cut short his time at the United Nations . His office said he would return to Afghanistan in the wake of the killing . Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , said of the violence in Afghanistan , including Rabbani 's assassination , "  We know that is the campaign the insurgents are on . We 've got to adjust to that and protect the leaders . "  Someone is going to have to step in very quickly because that is a critical part of the peace process , " Mullen said of Rabbani 's role . The killing represents the strategy of the Taliban to assassinate as many leaders as possible , Mullen said . NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen called the assassination "  an attack on the Afghan people as they begin to take their country 's security in their own hands . " "  To those who offer only death and destruction to the Afghan people , our message is clear : You will not prevail , " he said in a statement . Gen. John R. Allen , commander of ISAF , said the "  face of the peace initiative has been attacked . " "  This is another outrageous indicator that , regardless of what Taliban leadership outside the country say , they do not want peace , but rather war , " Allen said in a statement . The loud explosion heard in the attack on the home prompted temporary lockdowns at the nearby U.S. Embassy and ISAF headquarters as officials investigated the source of the blast . Personnel at the U.S. Embassy were instructed to take cover late Tuesday afternoon due to an incident outside the embassy 's perimeter , an embassy spokesman said . "  It appears at this time that the embassy was not the target of the incident , " spokesman Gavin Sundwall said in a statement . "  We are working to account for all embassy personnel and staff . " ISAF headquarters was on lockdown for about 30 minutes , an ISAF spokesman said . People at the headquarters heard a couple of deep booms followed by sirens , the spokesman said .	NEW : ISAF commander says the face of the peace initiative has been attacked NATO says 2 suicide bombers carried out the attack ; Afghan authorities described one Four people were wounded in the attack , a police spokesman says
CNN  -- From tycoon bankruptcies to billion-dollar takeovers , 2013 has been a roller coaster year in business . As 2013 draws to a close , CNN takes a look at some of the winners and losers of the last 12 months . Some of the highlights include Nick D'Aloisio , the 18-year old tech wunderkind , who sold his app to Internet giant Yahoo! ; Spanish billionaire Amancio Ortega , who rose to third on the Forbes rich list and incoming Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen , soon to become the first woman to take the helm at the world most powerful central bank . Have we missed someone ? Tell us who you think is the biggest winner or loser of 2013 in the comments section below .	2013 has been a roller coaster year in business that has made and broken millionaires CNN taps the biggest winners , including Nick D'Aloisio , Janet Yellen and Jeff Bezos CNN counts Thorsten Heins and John Boehner among the business losers
In a stunning reversal , the VA 's acting inspector general now says that long wait times at VA health care facilities in Phoenix did contribute to a number of veterans ' deaths . In a hearing before the House Committee on Veterans ' Affairs Wednesday , Acting Inspector General Richard Griffin was grilled by lawmakers about the findings of his office 's August report , which stated that while the investigation into 40 veterans ' deaths found "  poor quality of care , " the office was "  unable to conclusively assert that the absence of timely care caused the death of these veterans . " Rep. David Jolly , R-Florida , insisted that Griffin answer his questions in simple terms . "  Would you agree that wait lists contributed to the deaths of veterans ? Yes or no ? " he asked . "  Yes , they do , " Griffin replied . "  I would say that it may have contributed to their death , but we ca n't say conclusively it caused their death . " Committee chairman Rep. Jeff Miller , R-Florida , said the report actually shows that 83 vets died while waiting for care , either on a hidden wait list or a scheduling wait list . Additional information provided by the inspector general 's office to the committee shows "  an astonishing 293 total veteran deaths on all of the lists provided from multiple sources throughout this review , " Miller said . For more than a year , CNN has been investigating and reporting on veterans ' deaths and delays at VA facilities all across the country , including detailed investigations in November and January 2013 examining deaths at two VA facilities in South Carolina and Georgia . Whistleblowers have their say Griffin 's testimony confirms and even goes beyond the original allegations brought forth by Dr. Sam Foote , a retired Phoenix VA doctor , who first appeared on CNN in April with detailed allegations that as many as 40 American veterans had died in Phoenix , waiting for care at the VA. . After Foote 's revelations , several other whistleblowers stepped forward with similar accounts of veterans waiting for care and possible deaths due to the delays . In testimony before the committee Wednesday , Foote accused the inspector general of stalling the investigation and protecting the senior officials responsible for perpetuating and hiding health care delays . Foote also alleged that the inspector general deliberately used confusing language and suppressed the finding that 293 veterans died waiting for care , a figure that was not included in the report . "  This report is at best a whitewash and at worst a feeble attempt at a cover-up , " Foote testified . He also faulted VA Secretary Bob McDonald for not increasing transparency at the agency , as he promised he would , and for his vow to not tolerate whistleblower retaliation . "  This report fails miserably in those areas with a transparency equivalent to a lead-line , 4-foot-thick concrete wall , " Foote said . Another whistleblower from the Phoenix VA also testified , charging that the inspector general downplayed evidence of harm to veterans and minimized the effects of medical administrators manipulating patient data and scheduling . Whistleblower says investigation has been a ` whitewash ' Dr. Katherine Mitchell , medical director of the Phoenix VA 's Post-Deployment Clinic , critiqued the inspector general 's review of patient cases and said delays potentially caused two deaths and others significantly shortened the lifespan of some terminally ill veterans . "  Death is death , and there is no way to get those veterans back , " Mitchell said . Wait times contributed to deaths Lawmakers also heard from Dr. John Daigh , an assistant inspector general who helped investigate the Phoenix VA , in Wednesday 's hearing . Rep. Phil Roe , R-Tennessee , challenged the IG 's report finding that patient wait times could n't conclusively be linked to deaths . "  To draw the conclusion , Dr. Daigh , that you did ... that it had no effect on the outcome of those patients , is outrageous , " Roe said angrily . "  If this were your family member , would you be happy with the explanation you just gave of his death ? My suspicion is no . " From the other side of the aisle , Rep. Beto O'Rourke , D-Texas , charged that "  common sense tells you " delays in care could certainly be linked to deaths of patients . Daigh also answered affirmatively to Jolly 's questioning about the relationship between wait lists and veterans ' deaths . "  Would you be willing to say that wait lists contributed to the deaths ? " Rep. David Jolly , R-Florida , asked . "  Yes . No problem with that . The issue is cause , " Daigh said . VA inspectors say Phoenix was in total ` chaos ' Problems at Phoenix VA In a document dated October 2013 that was recently obtained by CNN , the Phoenix VA conducted its own investigation into allegations that administrators incorrectly scheduled appointments and that senior officials discouraged the reporting of related problems . It issued a report saying many of the claims could not be substantiated . But when the VA 's Office of Inspector General later investigated the same charges , it found that Phoenix VA staff members manipulated appointment data and that senior officials were aware of the inappropriate practices . The Phoenix VA did confirm in its 2013 internal report that the wait times for mental health appointments were "  extremely long , " and that administrators discouraged patients from scheduling follow-up visits when they left the medical center . The VA 's 2013 report also found the process of hiring staff took too long , in some cases taking more than 60 days . But the Phoenix VA reportedly rejected the majority of allegations , which were raised by Dr. Mitchell , the whistleblower who testified before Congress Wednesday . On Mitchell 's charge that Phoenix VA officials actively discouraged the reporting of scheduling problems , the VA report found , "  There have been no findings ... that substantiate these allegations . " Many of Mitchell 's allegations in 2013 centered on inappropriate use of the Phoenix VA 's electronic wait list , a process for scheduling patients for next-available appointments . She charged that Phoenix VA administrators were not correctly trained on how to use this wait list and that they failed to appropriately track appointments , claims the inspector general later substantiated . At Wednesday 's hearing , congressional leaders from both sides of the aisle repeatedly criticized and chastised Griffin and his team of experts who examined what happened in Phoenix , with many lawmakers expressing exasperation and frustration that they were not getting truthful or clear answers . During the proceedings , Foote and Mitchell provided the committee with detailed reports containing allegations and information about what they see as a cover-up and conspiracy . Committee members will be going through these documents in coming days .	Richard Griffin , the VA 's acting inspector general , spars with committee Lawmakers and two whistleblowers from the Phoenix VA disagree with his findings CNN has been investigating and reporting on veterans ' deaths and delays at VA facilities
PORT HARCOURT , Nigeria  CNN  -- Trash litters its cities . Electricity is sporadic at best . There is no clean water . Medical and educational services are limited . Basic infrastructure is severely lacking . "  Planet in Peril " met in a secret location with members of the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta . These are not conditions that should plague one of the richest oil states in the world . Hundreds of billions of dollars has been made from the Niger Delta 's oil reserves and many people have gotten very rich . Conversely , the average Nigerian has suffered as a result of the country 's oil prosperity . The United States Agency for International Development says more than 70 percent of the country lives on less than a dollar a day -- the population is among the 20 poorest in the world . Oil companies are only part of the equation . The other is the Nigerian government . Transparency International , a global organization intent on stamping out corruption , has consistently rated Nigeria 's government one of the most corrupt in the world . Nigeria 's federal government and oil companies split oil profits roughly 60-40 . The money is then supposed to make its way down to the local governments to fund various projects . Somehow , little money actually reaches its intended destination . Nigeria 's own corruption agency estimates between $ 300 billion to $ 400 billion has been stolen or wasted over the last 50 years . Lisa Ling travels to secret location to meet notorious Nigerian militant group " Gov. Rotimi Amaechi of Rivers state , one of the largest oil producers of Nigeria 's 36 states , acknowledges past problems with corruption , but thinks progress is being made . "  There 's a lot of improvement , " Amaechi said . "  The work being done by the corruption agency and the federal government has somehow been able to control the level of corruption in government . " Over the last few years , a culture of militancy and violence has arisen in the absence of jobs and services . Kidnappings for ransom , robberies and even murder happen with regularity . The biggest and most powerful armed group is the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , or MEND . They say they are at war against the Nigerian military and the oil companies operating there . MEND , formed in 2005 , said it has more than 30 camps throughout Nigeria . Members are armed with high-tech weaponry they said was obtained from "  foreign sources . " Hundreds of people have been killed on both sides and countless oil workers have been kidnapped . Over the years , MEND 's attacks on oil pipelines have halted oil production and , therefore , raised the price of oil around the world . They demand oil profits be distributed to average Nigerians of the Niger Delta and said they will not stop their attacks until their objectives have been fulfilled . See environmental battle lines for "  Planet in Peril " " The battle is over oil -- one of the world 's most valuable resources . But to most Nigerians -- oil is a curse . It has provoked an environmental disaster of monstrous proportions . Since the 1970s , the United Nations estimates there have been more than 6,000 oil spills in the Niger Delta -- that is equal to more than 10 times the amount spilled from the Exxon Valdez in 1989 . Yet , there is no international outcry and rarely are the spills reported , even to most Nigerians . They are still happening and the consequences are nothing short of devastating . Communities along the Niger Delta have lived off subsistence fishing and agriculture for decades . Collecting food becomes impossible when a spill happens , like one that occurred in August . The waterways and mangroves are blanketed in thick brown oil sludge that goes on for miles . Toxicity overpowers the air and a sense of lifelessness pervades the landscape . Many say it will take 10-15 years for the area to be free of contamination -- if the cleanup effort commences in a timely manner . The August spill was a result of a leak from an old pipeline that had corroded . It took the oil company three months to clamp the leak , but the company said it was n't reported for a full month after it began . Once the leak was reported , the company said it was denied access to the site by the community . Leaders of the village deny that , and the finger-pointing between the two sides is nothing new -- there is no love lost here . Who is telling the truth ? Who knows ? Either way , the creeks are blackened . This is life in the Niger Delta .	Nigeria is one of world 's richest oil states ; people are among poorest in world Nigerian agency : $ 300 billion to $ 400 billion in oil profits squandered , stolen Militant group MEND attacks oil pipelines , demands profits given to Nigerian people UN : Niger Delta has had more than 6,000 spills ; 10 times more than Exxon Valdez
Ten years after the Transportation Security Administration started a program to spot terrorists by observing passenger behavior , the agency has spent more than $ 900 million on the program but has yet to prove its effectiveness , congressional overseers say . And Congress risks wasting more money if it continues funding the program without scientific proof that it works , the Government Accountability Office said in a report . The report is the most critical yet pitting the GAO critics against the TSA , which has long believed that trained observers can pick out people who pose a threat to aviation by looking for signs of stress , fear or deception . The agency has deployed an ever-increasing number of so-called behavior detection officers , calling them a "  vital component " of its security program . Read the report In fiscal 2011 and 2012 , about 3,000 such officers were deployed to 176 major airports nationwide , where they observed about 1.3 billion people , the report says . The GAO said TSA tests of the program were flawed , and decades of published research on behavior detection "  also draw into question the scientific underpinnings " of the program . Those studies show that the ability of trained observers to detect deceptive behavior is "  the same as or slightly better than chance . " But the TSA defends the program , saying security would be damaged if money is cut . "  Behavior detection techniques have been an accepted practice for many years within the law enforcement , customs and border enforcement , defense , and security communities both in the United States and internationally , " the TSA wrote in a response to the GAO . Under the program , uniformed behavior detection officers scan passengers in line and engage them in brief verbal exchanges , identifying passengers who exhibit certain behaviors . Different behaviors are assigned point values , and if a passenger exceeds a point "  threshold , " they are referred to secondary screening , where they undergo a pat-down and search of their personal property , while officers continue to look for behavioral clues . If another threshold is passed , or if fraudulent documents are discovered , the behavior detection officer refers the passenger to a law enforcement officer for further investigation . The law enforcement officer may choose to allow the passenger to proceed or could question the passenger further . The initial observation takes less than 30 seconds , but the lengthier screening takes an average 13 minutes , and referrals to police can take longer , according to an outline of the process in the GAO report . "  The report released today by GAO displays what I have been saying for years -- that TSA 's  detection  program is fundamentally flawed , can not be proven effective , and should no longer be funded with taxpayers dollars , " Rep. Bennie Thompson , D-Mississippi , said in a written statement . Thompson , the ranking Democrat on the House Homeland Security Committee , said he will question TSA Administrator John Pistole about the report at a hearing Thursday . LAX shooting reignites debate over TSA worker 's role in security	GAO says TSA has spent $ 900 million on unproven terrorist-spotting program The program has trained observers looking for signs of stress , fear or deception The GAO says the results of the program are "  the same as or slightly better than chance " TSA : Behavior detection techniques are a long-accepted practice
CNN  -- It was one of the most unexpected announcements of the year . In April , Archie Comics released the news that its lead character , Archie Andrews , would die in an upcoming issue of "  Life With Archie . " The story wo n't affect the overall Archie storylines , as "  Life With Archie " takes place in an alternate timeline . Still , the visual of Archie having been gunned down was quite a shock to fans . With the issue , "  Life With Archie " No. 36 , coming out today , we now know more details about how Archie dies  spoiler alert , of course !  . Kevin Keller , the first openly gay character in Archie Comics history , is a senator in the "  Life With Archie " universe , and he 's in favor of gun control . An attempt is made on Keller 's life , and Archie takes the bullet for his friend . "  Archie died as he lived -- a hero , representing the best in all of us , " Archie Comics CEO Jon Goldwater said in a news release . Goldwater spoke to CNN in April , when the news was broken . CNN : Can you explain the "  Life With Archie " series for the uninitiated ? Jon Goldwater : "  Life With Archie " is Archie 's future . It gives readers a look into what his life would be like after high school and college , which has never really been explored . Most fans are familiar with Archie as a high schooler , hanging out at Pop 's Chocklit Shoppe with his friends . "  Life With Archie " shows what happens when Archie becomes an adult and starts dealing with grown-up issues . Each issue is normally split into two storylines , one telling a tale of Archie married to Veronica , another with him ending up with Betty . The final issue , however , will show readers Archie 's final fate in both timelines -- and they 're the same . CNN : Why kill Archie ? Goldwater : I think it 's the natural conclusion to the "  Life With Archie " series . Archie dies as he lived : heroically . He dies saving the life of a friend and does it in his usual selfless way . Archie has always been a representation of us -- the best of us . Our strengths and our faults . Writer Paul Kupperberg , with input from myself , has crafted an emotional , impactful and classic story that I know will survive the test of time . This is n't a random one-off or "  what-if " story that we 're doing as a gag . This is the story that we mapped out carefully and with much thought . This is the death of Archie as we see it , and we 're treating it with that same level of gravitas and import . It 's a once-in-a-lifetime event , and we are being very considerate about it . CNN : What are you hoping to accomplish with this storyline ? Goldwater : First and foremost , like with anything we do at Archie , we want to tell a great , memorable story . That being said , this story in particular is of the utmost importance to us as a company and as a keeper of the Archie brand . We want to not only show how Archie 's life ends but also what he means to the world around him . We want to celebrate his life . After the events of "  Life With Archie " No. 36 , fans will leap forward a year to see the aftermath and how his friends have moved on since his surprising death . What 's Jughead doing ? How are Betty and Veronica dealing with the loss ? It 's not about the attention-grab of the death but about telling a great , evocative story that reminds people why this character is important to the fabric of pop culture -- and showing how heroic a normal guy like Archie can be and how important it is to realize that . This is n't a story we 're going to retcon a few weeks from now . This happened . This is the conclusion to the "  Life With Archie " story and timeline , and it will allow us as a company and the world to take a moment to look at Archie 's life as a whole and recognize him as one of the most important characters , not in just comics but in popular culture . We want people to feel the same emotional roller coaster we felt putting this story together -- to feel the range of emotions , from happiness , sadness , anger , joy and pride . We want people to react to this in a strong way because Archie is so important to them . CNN : How do you hope fans will react , ultimately ? Goldwater : We expect some level of shock , outrage and surprise , followed by understanding . As a company , we are not afraid to take risks . We 're not scared to shake things up to draw attention to the great stories we 're building here at Archie . I hope fans will be intrigued by this news , pick up the issues in July and realize they 've been given one of the best comics on the stands . They 'll be handed a piece of comic book history , featuring some of the most well-known characters in the world saying goodbye to an icon . We want fans to talk about this for years to come . We think this story is bigger than anything we 've ever done . It 's bold , dramatic and best of all , a fitting end to the life of Archie . CNN : What do you think Archie Comics has been doing by shaking things up over the recent years ? Goldwater : We 're a sleeping giant . Years ago , before I stepped in as CEO , Archie was seen as a dormant , nostalgia brand stuck in amber . We were in suspended animation . People thought the stories were still set in the '50s ! Now , while the characters -- like Betty , Archie , Veronica , Jughead and Reggie -- are at their core the same , Riverdale has changed . It 's caught up with the times . The town of Riverdale you read about now is like any other in America . It 's diverse , it 's not problem-free , and it represents America in an honest way . Archie is about being welcoming , diverse and entertaining . We 've managed to strike that balance in our storytelling for the last five years and managed to not only get attention but keep people entertained . From the introduction of Kevin Keller , the first regular gay character in comics , to now , the death of Archie , we 've not been afraid to take risks . The big thing is , though , our risks pay off because the stories , art and execution are spot-on . We back up what we say . CNN : What will be the long-term impact of this story ? Goldwater : Well , this is the end . This is how Archie dies in the pages of "  Life With Archie . " We will not be retconning , reversing or backtracking on this story in terms of "  Life With Archie . " The main Archie line , however , telling stories of Archie in high school , will continue . "  Afterlife With Archie "  the "  Archie " zombie series  will continue , and we will keep on taking risks with different and new interpretations of our characters . But as far as we see it , this is how Archie dies . That 's how we approached this story and how we 're treating it .	Archie Andrews dies in the current issue of "  Life With Archie " "  Life With Archie " is a look at Archie 's possible future scenarios Series will end with the next issue
CNN  -- A nurse who was quarantined at a hospital in New Jersey after returning from West Africa was released Monday , her attorney said . Kaci Hickox , who told CNN the quarantine was violating her rights , was discharged after testing negative for Ebola . Also on Monday , a 5-year-old boy who recently visited West Africa and had a fever tested negative for the virus in New York , according to health officials . The boy , who was running a temperature , was with his mother at New York 's Bellevue Hospital Center , said Dr. Ram Raju , president of the New York City Health and Hospitals Corp. , which oversees Bellevue . Nurse to return to Maine Hickox was put in isolation Friday after returning to New Jersey from a month in Sierra Leone . Her quarantine , part of a days-old policy the governors of New York and New Jersey instituted for all health care workers who 've had contact with Ebola patients in West Africa , has been criticized widely by health care experts . On Sunday , she spoke by phone with CNN 's Candy Crowley and Elizabeth Cohen . "  This is an extreme that is really unacceptable , and I feel like my basic human rights have been violated , " Hickox said . She said she was flummoxed as to how New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , who has no medical training , could describe her as "  obviously ill . " Hickox will return to Maine , and arrangements for her travel are still being worked out , her attorney , Stephen Hyman , told CNN . Hyman said there 's a "  legal basis " to challenge the quarantine policies in New Jersey and in New York , but the nurse is n't sure she wants to do so . Each state has a different quarantine law , said Steven Gravely , an attorney who helped rewrite Virginia 's quarantine law so the state could more easily respond to outbreaks . The U.S. Constitution gives states authority over how to approach health matters , though the federal government has control over what happens concerning public health in airports and shipping ports , Gravely said . Mandatory quarantines -- now what ? CDC issues new guidelines On Monday , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released updated guidance for people who might have been exposed to the Ebola virus . "  The new guidelines increase the level of protection by outlining different levels of exposure and outlining different public health actions that can be taken for each of those levels of exposure , " CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden told reporters . Someone who had direct contact of infected body fluids , for instance , would be classified as high risk . Someone would be considered low risk if she traveled on an airplane with a person showing symptoms of Ebola . Frieden has long argued against travel restrictions , saying they could hurt the global health community 's effort to tamp down the West Africa outbreak . "  We 're far from out of the woods . In each of the three heavily affected countries in West Africa , we 're seeing definite signs of progress , but still be a long hard fight , " he said . What states are doing The director of the CDC said that active 21-day monitoring began Monday in the six states where about 70 % of air travelers enter the United States from Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone , hard-hit countries in West Africa . Those states are New York , Pennsylvania , Maryland , Virginia , New Jersey and Georgia . The three-week period marks the maximum incubation time for Ebola . State and local officials will maintain daily contact with all travelers from the three affected countries for the entire 21 days after the last possible date of exposure to Ebola virus , Frieden said . Authorities will require travelers to report their temperatures and the presence or absence of Ebola symptoms aside from a fever , he explained , and they will be required to coordinate with public health officials if they intend to travel and to make arrangements to have their temperatures monitored during travel in a manner acceptable to state and local health officials . Read Frieden 's full remarks New York , New Jersey and Illinois say anyone returning from having direct contact with Ebola patients in West Africa will have to be quarantined for 21 days . Maryland officials will monitor the health of all travelers returning from Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , Gov. Martin O'Malley 's office said . The effort will build on state and local health departments ' outreach and monitoring , according to a statement that explains more about the process . Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn 's office said the quarantine would be a "  home quarantine . " "  This protective measure is too important to be voluntary , " Quinn said . On Friday , Cuomo and Christie announced a mandatory quarantine for people who had been in West Africa and had contact there with people infected with Ebola . Christie said such returning health care workers who are New Jersey residents could be quarantinefd in their homes as long as they did not have symptoms consistent with Ebola . Christie said Monday that he was glad that Hickox had been released from quarantine . "  The reason she was put in the hospital in the first place was because she was running a high fever and was symptomatic . If you live in New Jersey , you 're quarantined in your home . That 's always been the policy . If you live outside the state , and you 're symptomatic , we 're not letting you go onto public transportation . It makes no common sense . The minute she was no longer symptomatic , she was released . " Virginia is implementing an "  active monitoring program " for all returning passengers from Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , "  with a special emphasis on returning health care workers , " Virginia governor 's spokesman Brian Coy has said . Should health care workers be quarantined ? Could quarantines backfire ? Arguments against the quarantines are that they could deter health care workers from traveling to West Africa to fight Ebola and could greatly hurt their livelihoods . "  I 'm concerned of the disincentive for the health care workers " to travel to West Africa , said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health . "  If I lose three weeks on my return and do n't get to do the work I 'm supposed to do ... means this would n't be workable for me , " said Dr. John Carlson , a pediatric immunologist at Tulane University . An expert who has studied Ebola for more than a decade , Purdue University 's David Sanders , told CNN on Monday that he feels the policy on mandatory quarantines in New York and New Jersey are "  largely political " rather than medical fact and that leaders are acting based on the desire to calm a panicked public rather than to do what 's most beneficial . Doctors Without Borders was even more direct . "  Forced quarantine of asymptomatic health workers returning from fighting the Ebola outbreak in West Africa is not grounded on scientific evidence and could undermine efforts to curb the epidemic at its source , " the group said . Samantha Power , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , is traveling in Ebola-affected nations in West Africa . "  Ambassador Power and the traveling party were obviously aware of the discussions of potential quarantines by state and local officials prior to departure and will , of course , be prepared to abide by requirements upon return . "  That said , they are also in close contact with the CDC , with medical experts and are taking absolutely every precaution to stay safe and to avoid contracting the disease , a risk that pales in comparison to the risk we take if the international community does not take further action , " said Jen Psaki , spokeswoman for the State Department . Doctor with Ebola at Bellevue Bellevue Hospital Center is also where Ebola-positive New York doctor Craig Spencer , 33 , is in isolation . He is in serious but stable condition Monday , according to Raju . Spencer arrived home in the United States on October 17 after spending time in Guinea . Because he 'd had contact with Ebola patients , Spencer took pains to limit his interaction with others , but he did go places and spend time with friends . Spencer 's fiancee , Morgan Dixon , had been under quarantine at Bellevue , but doctors said she did not have the virus and has no symptoms , said Jean Weinberg , the city Health Department spokeswoman . "  We learned a lot from Dallas , " Raju said , referring to all that went wrong in Texas when a Liberian national arrived from West Africa with Ebola and two nurses treating him contracted the virus . According to a hospital worker with direct knowledge of the situation , there were not enough nurses on staff at Bellevue to handle both ICU and Ebola patients , so patients in the adult and pediatric ICU were transferred to NYU Langone Medical Center for further treatment . Pediatric patients were transferred Monday , while the adult patients were transferred over the weekend . They needed the nurses , not the space , the worker said . Elsewhere , a potential Ebola patient was transferred to the University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore . "  They are appropriately isolated and receiving further assessment and care , " the hospital tweeted on Monday . How the Ebola virus spreads Ebola and the U.S. military On Sunday , the Pentagon would not say whether it 's willing to still send an active-duty military Ebola response team to states ordering mandatory quarantine for Ebola health care workers . The 30-person team finishes training Monday and will then be ready for deployment on 72 hours ' notice . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel would have to approve any deployment . On Monday , CNN learned from military officials that Army Maj. Gen. Darryl A. Williams , who 's commander of U.S. Army Africa , and about 10 other personnel are now in "  controlled monitoring " in Italy after landing there following a West Africa trip over the weekend . Italian authorities met Williams ' plane "  in full CDC gear , " an official said , referring to the type of protective equipment health care workers wear when dealing with Ebola . There is no indication that any team members have the virus . They will be monitored for 21 days at a separate location at a U.S. military installation in Vicenza , Italy , according to military officials . It 's not yet clear if family members can visit them . "  The Army Chief of Staff has directed a 21-day controlled monitoring period for all redeploying soldiers returning from Operation United Assistance . He has done this out of caution to ensure soldiers , family members and their surrounding communities including host nations are confident that we are taking all steps necessary to protect their health , " the Army said in a statement . CNN 's Ralph Ellis , Elizabeth Cohen , Joshua Berlinger , Joe Sutton , Daniel Burke , Greg Botelho , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , Poppy Harlow , Haimy Assefa , Kristina Sgueglia , David Shortell , Barbara Starr , Ben Tinker and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	A potential Ebola patient is transferred to the University of Maryland Medical Center CDC releases new guidelines for health care workers and others A 5-year-old boy in New York tests negative for Ebola , health officials say Kaci Hickox is released from New Jersey hospital after testing negative for Ebola
CNN  -- Keeping up with the changes in coaching personnel on the men 's tennis tour can be difficult these days . Just ask Goran Ivanisevic . "  When I came into the locker room , I see the guys , " explains the 2001 Wimbledon champion . "  I thought I might be mistaken . Are we on the Champions Tour ?! " The Croat 's tongue-in-cheek remark made at the start of the Australian Open serves to illustrate a novel situation where former grand slam winners are suddenly all the rage with today 's top players . Ivanisevic -- coach to compatriot Marin Cilic since 2010 -- and Ivan Lendl  who has been with Andy Murray since 2011  are old hands compared to the likes of Boris Becker and Stefan Edberg , who surprised everyone at the end of last year when they accepted roles with Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer respectively . The German and the Swede met 35 times in the 1980s and 1990s , famously contesting three consecutive Wimbledon finals . Edberg won that particular battle 2-1 with both men finishing their careers with six grand slam titles . But how will they fair as coaches ? Pat Cash , a former rival of both and host of CNN 's Open Court , admitted to "  surprise and disbelief " when he got wind of Becker 's appointment . He was n't the only one . "  When Novak announced that Boris was going to be working with him I was honestly very surprised for a couple of reasons , " two-time U.S. Open champion Tracy Austin told CNN . "  Novak had such a strong fall -- he was undefeated since the final of the U.S. Open where he lost to Rafael Nadal . He was 24-0 in the fall , so he was playing so well , " she added . "  The other thing that came to mind was that I was surprised Boris wanted to do it . He seems to have such a full life with family and commentary . It 's a big commitment to travel on tour with a player full-time . But it seems like Boris is really , really excited about doing it . " Excited and confident , judging by his comments prior to the Australian Open . "  I 've been in 10 grand slam finals , I know exactly what a player feels like when he 's in the later stages of a tournament , " Becker told reporters . "  When you 're 25 -- in my case -- I was better with a tennis racket and now I 'm better with my mouth . " Net gains Djokovic has retained the services of long-time coach Marian Vajda , but will be hoping to learn from Becker 's much feted skills at the net , Austin thinks . It was here , after all , that the German made a name for himself during a 15-year career , winning thousands of points and millions of fans with his unique brand of athleticism and never-say-die attitude . "  Djokovic  already has that from the baseline -- great defense , great offense -- but maybe he wants to round out his game a little bit more and be more forceful at the net , maybe have some better technique at the net , " she says . Retired doubles ace Mark Woodforde is more familiar than most with Djokovic 's game . The Australian , who won 11 grand slam doubles titles with his partner Todd Woodbridge , coached the world No. 2 for a time in 2007 . "  He likes to evolve his game and take advice from great tennis players and obviously he 's gone for one of the all-time greats in Boris Becker , " Woodforde said . "  I just wonder whether in the back of Novak 's mind is the way Boris played -- trying to finish points a little more cleanly than what he 's been doing in the past . "  Maybe he 's trying to pick up on the style that Boris brought to the court himself -- the knowledge , the hustle bustle . You 've got to think that the elongated points that he has to play these days , it 's got to mount up . " Long points inevitably lead to long games , as Djokovic 's fans in Melbourne are all too aware . In 2012 he clinched his third title beating Rafael Nadal in a match lasting five hours 53 minutes -- the longest grand slam final ever -- and last year he took just over five hours to get past Stanislas Wawrinka in the fourth round . However , the Serbian 's three-year Australian Open reign came to an end against Wawrinka on Tuesday as the Swiss upset the odds to win a grueling four-hour clash and reach the semifinals . While Djokovic tries to transition from baseline to net , Becker is plotting an entirely new path away from the commentary box . The 46-year-old has reigned in his TV duties since accepting the coaching role , but his former Davis Cup coach Niki Pilic has urged Becker , whose private life since retiring in 1999 has been colorful and , at times , scandalous , to go a step further . "  There is no doubt he needs to change his lifestyle completely , " Pilic said , Reuters reported . "  He needs strict discipline and a certain modesty . It wo n't be easy for him but he has no choice . "  He should not give too many interviews , must be restrained and do his work quietly . Above all , he must understand that he is not more important than the player . It will be an interesting experiment . " Can Ed help Fed ? Whereas Becker and Djokovic 's partnership has caused a degree of head-scratching , the news that Federer had sought out the services of Edberg was much easier to understand . "  That one did n't surprise me , " says Austin . "  He looks up to Stefan . He was one of his idols . Roger , when he first came on tour , to me , would serve and volley and infrequently chip and charge , and now he does n't do that as much . Of course , that was Edberg 's style of play , so maybe he 's looking for that little extra element to elevate his game . " Edberg , now 48 , has agreed to a part-time coaching role , spending 10 weeks with Federer this season , but is confident he can help the 32-year-old Swiss to an 18th grand slam title . "  He 's such a great player , but there 's always minor things you can work on , " Edberg said recently . "  That 's why I do it , because I really think I can make a little difference . And if I can make a little difference , maybe that will take him back to where he was . " Woodforde is relishing the prospect of watching the partnership evolve . "  We all liked to watch Stefan Edberg play . It 's almost when we watch Roger play now , everyone covets to see him . They always want him to win , " Woodforde said . "  I 'm looking forward to seeing how Federer profits from that . I think it 's going to be so beneficial for him because that is probably that style is probably what Roger needs to move towards if he is going to have an elongated career . " Fine margins With the business end of the year 's first grand slam approaching , Federer will hope he can execute the strategies discussed with Edberg as he takes on Andy Murray -- his successor as Wimbledon champion last year -- in Wednesday 's quarterfinals . "  The key thing for me is that this really shows how important these tiny little things can make , " says Austin . "  These are all champions that we are talking about , they 're already top players , but they are looking for any different margin to set themselves apart . "  In a match when they are playing against each other , it could be two or three points . It could be something that a former champion says -- the light bulb goes and maybe makes them feel more comfortable , more confident . If that makes the difference then it 's all worth it . " Read more : Federer reverts to bigger racket Read more : Who will be ace in 2014 ?	1980s tennis greats answering calls for help from today 's top stars Boris Becker helping Novak Djokovic ; Stefan Edberg coaching Roger Federer Former coach Mark Woodforde says Djokovic could be looking to shorten points Edberg 's serve and volley expertise could help Federer prolong career , Woodforde says
West Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- It 's more than two hours before snowboard practice begins , two hours before Robert Beck will take his first picture , and he is trudging up the steep icy slope that is one lip of the halfpipe . Temperatures are just above freezing on Cypress Mountain , and Beck , a Sports Illustrated photographer for 24 years , is steadily ambling up the hill to stake out his position near the top . The climb is just 160 meters , but try doing it with a 50 - or 60-pound pack on your back and a bad knee repaired just three weeks ago . It 's going to be worth it ; Beck knows precisely where he needs to be to get the perfect picture when the overwhelming gold medal favorite Shaun White performs . For the next nine hours Beck wo n't leave his spot -- he 's not allowed to come back down until the competition is over -- so he has a bag full of equipment and provisions . He carries three camera bodies , four lenses , several radios to remotely trigger cameras and a bunch of Cliff bars .  McDonald 's might sponsor these Games , but there 's no Golden Arches on the hill  . See 19 of Robert Beck 's amazing SI photos from the Winter Games He knows where to be to get the shot he wants because Beck and his assistant , Kohjiro "  Kojo " Kinno have been photographing White for months , learning his every move and tendency . For instance , Beck knows the best time to shoot a close-up of White is during his first practice run because the snowboarder does n't go as high then . They went to three World Cup events and the X Games , shooting White and his competitors in preparation for the Olympics . Then once in Vancouver it was off to every practice to test out different angles to shoot . "  We 're trying to frame it just right , " Beck said on the drive from his hotel to the venue . "  On their tricks , snowboarders are spinning so fast . Sometimes you never see their faces . You do n't want to get pictures of rear ends or the bottom of the board . We want to get their faces if we can . " Beck , who has more than 50 Sports Illustrated covers to his credit , is frustrated even before he climbs the hill . Kinno is an important part of the "  we " he talks about . Kinno has been there for him for nearly seven years , handing him the right equipment , fixing things when they go wonky , running cards back to the work area and often being the voice of reason . But that wo n't happen today because officials would n't give Kinno a photographer 's armband . He 's not even allowed to shoot pictures from a lower area of the venue . It 's almost like a pitcher without his catcher , though the understated Kinno often is the one who shakes Beck off . And then there 's the eye roll . They have this way of disagreeing that only longtime friends can have . There 's often disagreement , Kinno says , but they always come to an understanding . On this Wednesday at the halfpipe , Kinno will have to stay in front of a laptop all day , trying patiently to wait for runners to bring him the cards from the cameras . At least he has company . John Birk , photographer Al Tielemans ' assistant , ca n't go with his photographer either . Tielemans will spot up on the other side of the pipe while photographer Bob Martin will be positioned at the bottom . Just before setting off for the hill , Beck gets a call from Steve Fine , SI 's director of photography . Fine has a request for Beck to get White at a certain angle . Beck 's sure he ca n't and tells Fine that he has a great shot in mind , looking up the pipe as White soars into action . Fine likes that but wants to have one with the crowd in the background . Beck and Kinno agree ; it 's not a clean shot from where Beck will be , but they can try and see what Fine says . You 'd think that Beck can call the shots , so to speak , and send in his favorites from the 1,400 images he will take this day , but that 's not the way it works . He lets the photo editors pick the ones they want . "  I do n't suggest anything to those guys , " Beck said . "  I ca n't control it . I make the best pictures I can , send them , in and it 's out of my hands . ' He seems cool with that . He 's much more concerned with getting a shot that is different from other photogs . It 's difficult -- well , almost impossible really -- to be inventive with this assignment , though . There are going to be several other photographers in the same area , and dozens all over the pipe . He 'll try to nail it the best he can by using a different lens than others near him  maybe a 35 mm while lying down in the snow  and also through the use of a camera on a 12-foot stick he 'll hold up . There 's one big issue , though , with White . Beck says when he has used a remote-fired camera , he 's able to get other snowboarders in the frame perfectly , but White soars so high that much of the time he 's at the top of the frame , if he 's even in the picture . Beck 's assignment is not solely White ; it 's just that the 23-year-old budding legend is such a prohibitive favorite it makes sense to Beck that 's his main target . He 's shooting for the magazine , but he also hopes the Web site can use his photos . In fact , the Web is much more of a sure thing this time . Sports Illustrated 's deadlines are n't until the weekend , and the magazine wo n't arrive at subscribers ' homes until a week after the event , so Beck figures it 's unlikely this gig has cover potential . And with Lindsey Vonn such a compelling story , too , he 's not sure that he 'll even get one image in the magazine . Celebration photos always play well , but only the photographers at the bottom will have White right in front of them . Beck halfway wishes he could shoot those photos instead of Martin . "  We 're all basically competitive , " he says wistfully . "  But you ca n't be both places . " SI.com : Photos of White 's winning run White did the expected and easily won gold . Back in the work area , Beck says not everything went well . Counting practice , each rider who made the final made nine runs . Beck says he solved a problem with one of the remote cameras in time to shoot the first practice session , but at some point he accidentally hit the focus . "  Everything looked like Mr. Magoo -LSB- took them -RSB- , " he said . At least 75 percent of photography is problem solving , he said .  Two-and-half percent of photography is skill , he joked  . It 's knowing where to set up , knowing your equipment and knowing how to fix that equipment when it breaks . But while you 're fixing things , you 're missing pictures , and it 's frustrating . And then there 's just plain bad luck . Beck says that during one practice run a TV cameraman ran in front of him , snapping pictures on his phone . But these are the things you deal with , he says . He 's a little down at dinner afterward because he caught a glimpse of the some of the other photographers ' pictures . As he had predicted , a bunch of shots with White , his face one big smile , holding the U.S. flag . But later his mood changes when back at the hotel suite he logs onto the SI.com Web site . There is a picture , looking up the pipe of White , cast against a clear night sky , soaring through the air , on his way to a gold medal . As for the magazine , he 'll be waiting , just like the rest of us	Robert Beck has been a photographer with Sports Illustrated for 24 years His assignment at the Winter Olympics : Shoot events at Cypress Mountain To prepare for shooting halfpipe , Beck and assistant went to several events beforehand Beck took 1,400 pictures in one day , not sure if any will make the magazine
CNN  -- Acts of kindness will help pull the nation through its economic crisis , according to the woman who came to the rescue of a homeless Floridian who publicly appealed to President Obama . Henrietta Hughes , left , and Chene Thompson talk on the lawn of the home Thompson is letting Hughes use . Chene Thompson , the wife of state Rep. Nicholas Thompson , R-Fort Myers , is letting Henrietta Hughes and her son stay in a house she owns in nearby La Belle rent free until they get back on their feet . "  You do n't have to be a politician to put forth a stimulus package , " Chene Thompson said during a joint interview with Hughes Thursday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  This is our own little mini-stimulus package for a person who was a stranger and now is a friend . "  Anybody can help anybody at any time . It does n't need to be something that comes from Washington ; it can come from your own home and from your heart , even if it 's for a little bit . " Hughes emerged from the crowd at Tuesday 's town hall meeting in Fort Myers to tell Obama she and her son were living in a car and needed immediate help . The president asked her name , kissed her on the cheek and promised his staff would work with her . Watch Hughes ' emotional plea to Obama " Thompson , who was in the audience , stepped forward afterward to offer Hughes her vacant house , which the Thompsons had to leave because it is outside her husband 's legislative district . "  She was sincere and direct and to the point , and she needed help , " Thompson said . "  And it actually touched me and I started to tear up and I started to cry . ... It sort of broke my heart . " Hughes feels "  overwhelming gratitude , " she told CNN in the front yard of the house , "  because no one would do that . " "  Oh , yes they would ! Yes they would ! " Thompson interjected , wrapping an arm around Hughes ' shoulders . "  I was just in the right place at the right time . " Both women beamed . The house has remained unsold in southwest Florida 's depressed market , Thompson said . She continues to be responsible for paying the mortgage , property taxes , insurance and utilities , so it benefits her to have someone occupying it to keep it from becoming run-down , she said . According to the White House , the Fort Myers-Cape Coral area had the highest foreclosure rate in the nation last year , with 12 percent of housing units receiving a foreclosure-related notice . Median housing prices in the Fort Myers metropolitan area have plummeted from $ 322,000 in December 2005 to less than $ 107,000 in December 2008 , the Obama administration said . Nearly 12,000 jobs have been lost in Fort Myers in the past year . White House spokesman Joshua Earnest said Wednesday that the administration connected Hughes with local housing officials in the crowd . On Wednesday , the head of the local housing authority , Marcus Goodson , said he met with Hughes and is working on finding her a subsidized housing unit with a short waiting time . Hughes on Thursday urged Congress to approve legislation to deal with the housing crisis . "  If that would pass , that would help many other -- hundreds and thousands of -- low-income persons to receive housing , " she said . CNN 's Ed Hornick and Mary Snow contributed to this report .	Wife of GOP state legislator gives homeless woman a place to stay Henrietta Hughes had appealed to President Obama during town hall "  This is our own little mini-stimulus package , " Chene Thompson says Vacant house will benefit from being occupied , owner says
CNN  -- Four years ago , lobster fisherman Gary Nichols had never laid eyes on a lionfish , but today his traps are full of them . "  You 'll get two or three decent traps with lobster , but if you get four or five lionfish , the lobster do n't like it , " Nichols said . He says he catches so many lionfish now  up to 200 pounds every day  that he 's started to sell them . But where his lobsters sell for $ 16 per kilogram , lionfish only make him $ 12 . Lionfish are causing a huge strain on his business and the wider commercial fishing industry in Florida , devouring other fish populations -- in some cases reducing them by up to 90 % . According to the Florida 's Department for Environmental Protection , lionfish are native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans , but were accidentally introduced into Atlantic and Caribbean waters during the 1990s . With no natural predators in the Atlantic and an ability to reproduce year-round , their numbers have risen unabated in recent years . Not only are lionfish causing grief for lobster fishermen like Nichols , they are also threatening to upset the balance of the fragile reef ecosystem . "  What we 've found through stomach analysis and working with fish that have been collected is that they are consuming a wide variety of prey , " said Lad Akins , director of special projects for REEF , a marine conservation group . "  They are eating almost anything that fits in their mouth . The lionfish can probably consume in excess of half of its own body size . They can take quite large prey , " he added . Some of what they eat are commercially valuable species , says Akins , like juvenile grouper and snapper that the fishermen depend on . Ecologically important species like mudfish which graze on algae , stopping it growing over the reefs , are also being impacted , he says . "  I 'm an optimist but potential impacts of lionfish could result in major shifts in the ecology of our Caribbean and West Atlantic reef barriers , " Akins said . "  It could result in the extinction of some fish species . " In an effort to minimize their impact , REEF run a monthly contest , open to both businesses and individuals , awarding prizes to those who catch the most lionfish . It also run workshops educating divers about safe collection and removal techniques . The U.S. 's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has also joined the fight with a campaign that encourages people to eat lionfish . Its "  If we ca n't beat them , let 's eat them ! " slogan has been taken up by restaurants like the Fish House Encore in Key Largo . General manager Michelle Kosiek has been serving lionfish for the past 18 months . "  We 're putting it on the menu to try to get them off the reef and try to get people to actually like them and enjoy them , " Kosiek said . "  There is a little bit of fear factor eating them . But once they know that the flesh has no poison , they 're ok with it and want to try it . " By encouraging more people to eat lionfish , Kosiek hopes to entice fishermen to get them out of the ocean . Once cooked , the venomous spines are harmless and Peter Tselikis , chef at Field House Encore , says the response from customers has been very encouraging . "  In the beginning it was sort of more like a novelty . But those who tried it have spoken well of it , " Tselikis said . Nichols , who has spent over a quarter of a century fishing the waters off Florida , remains philosophical about the threat , speculating it could be cyclical and that nature usually finds a way to adapt . "  Maybe it 's just taking its time , " he said . "  But it 's really strange . I mean , having fished all my life , it 's just hard to believe that in a short space of time something like this can happen . "	Florida fisherman struggling to cope with an influx of lionfish in recent years Invasive species has no natural predators in Atlantic and Caribbean waters Lionfish could provoke major shifts in the ecology of the local reef system Campaigns to get more people to eat lionfish backed by NOAA
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan was abuzz Friday with political rumor and intrigue about the possibility of a looming clash between elected leaders and the military after Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said he believed plots were under way to topple the government . "  Government , Army on collision course , " read the headline of the main story on the website of Dawn , a leading English-language newspaper in Pakistan . "  Gilani takes army head on , " said the top article on the website of The Nation , another major daily . The papers appeared to be interpreting Gilani 's comments Thursday , in which he said there were "  conspiracies and intrigues being hatched to pack up the elected government , " as an implicit attack on Pakistan 's powerful military , which has seized power from civilian authorities a number of times in the country 's history . Gilani said Thursday that no institution "  can be a state within a state " and that "  every ministry , including the Ministry of Defense , is answerable to the Parliament of Pakistan . " The Pakistani military denied Gilani 's claims Friday , issuing a statement saying the "  Army has and will continue to support democratic process in the country . " Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , chief of army staff , "  dispelled the speculations of any military takeover and said that these are misleading and are being used as a bogey to divert the focus from the real issues , " the military statement said . Gilani 's provocative statements come amid a turbulent period in Pakistan 's domestic politics and in its relations with the United States . There is widespread controversy in Pakistan over a scandal -- dubbed "  Memogate " -- in which Pakistan 's civilian leaders were supposedly coming up with a plan to unseat the country 's military leadership . The killing of Osama bin Laden by U.S. Navy Seals in May during a raid on a compound located only about a mile from the Pakistan Military Academy in Abbottabad enraged the Pakistani public and deeply embarrassed the military . Relations became even more strained in November , after NATO forces killed two dozen Pakistani soldiers in airstrikes near the Afghan border -- an attack the United States insists was an act of self-defense after troops were fired upon . Amid heavy domestic pressure in Pakistan , President Asif Ali Zardari 's government made decisions unpopular with the United States , such as stopping the transport of NATO supplies through Pakistan and asking the U.S. military to vacate the Shamsi air base . The Memogate scandal has emboldened Zardari 's opponents , who think he favors closer ties with the U.S. military . Husain Haqqani , the former Pakistani ambassador to the United States who resigned in November , is accused of writing a memo setting out the scheme . The plot reportedly called for taking power away from the country 's senior military and intelligence leaders , requesting U.S. assistance in stopping a military coup , asking for American backing of the Zardari government , and vowing to make Pakistan 's foreign policy favorable to the United States . Haqqani says he did n't write the memo , which allegedly was passed along to U.S. officials by Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz days after a U.S. military raid killed bin Laden in May . Following petitions filed by different people -- including Nawaz Sharif , the head of the major opposition party -- the Supreme Court of Pakistan has been investigating the Memogate scandal for a couple of weeks . Complicating matters further , Zardari traveled to Dubai for medical reasons earlier this month , fueling speculation in Pakistan that the embattled leader may resign . Zardari has since returned to Pakistan . CNN 's Shaan Kahn and Jethro Mullen , and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	NEW : Military denies prime minister 's claim of a plot Prime Minister Gilani says there are conspiracies to bring down the government Local newspapers suggest a clash is looming between civilian and military authorities The prime minister 's remarks come amid widespread controversy over a leaked memo
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran issued a warning to Israel on Wednesday , with a top military figure saying Iran will "  punish " any threat . "  The United States is fully aware that a military attack by the Zionist regime on Iran will not only cause tremendous damage to that regime , but it will also inflict serious damage to the U.S. , " said Gen. Hassan Firouzabadi , commander of the joint chiefs of staff , according to the semi-official Fars News Agency . "  We , as the military , take every threat , however distant and improbable , as very real , and are fully prepared to use suitable equipment to punish any kind of mistake , " he added , according to a CNN translation of his remarks . Another semi-official Iranian news agency , ISNA , published a story in English quoting Firouzabadi as saying , "  The U.S. officials know that Zionist regime 's military attack against Iran will inflict heavy damages to the U.S. seriously as well as Zionist regime . " The Israeli Ministry of Defense said Wednesday that Israel "  carried out the test-firing of a rocket propulsion system from the Palmachim military base . This had been planned by the Defense Establishment a long time ago and was carried out as scheduled . " "  This is an impressive technological achievement and an important step in Israel 's advances in the realms of missiles and space , " said Defense Minister Ehud Barak . The comments from Iran and the Israeli missile test come as a very public debate is taking place in Israel about the possibility of a military strike on the Islamic republic . Last week , Israel 's largest newspaper , Yedioth Ahronoth , published a report that suggested Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Barak both supported a strike against Iran 's nuclear program . That story was followed up Wednesday by a report in the Israeli daily Haaretz that Netanyahu was lobbying members of his cabinet to support a military strike against Iran despite the various difficulties inherent in such an operation . The paper attributed the information to a senior Israeli official , but did not disclose identity of their source . Israeli and U.S. officials have expressed concerns that Iran is building nuclear weapons , despite Tehran 's insistence that its nuclear program is for peaceful energy purposes . The publication of the two reports in the Israeli media brought criticism from cabinet members . "  A public debate about this is nothing less than a scandal . I do n't think we 've ever had anything like it , " Dan Meridor , deputy prime minister and intelligence minister , told the Israeli newspaper Maariv . "  The public elected a government to make decisions about things like this in secret . The public 's right to know does not include the debate about classified matters like this . " Speaking to Israeli radio , Benny Begin , a minister without portfolio , called the public debate about Iran "  a crazy free-for-all " and criticized former Israeli intelligence officials for speaking too openly about government deliberations on Iran . The prime minister 's office would not comment on the newspaper reports and referred reporters to comments he made about Iran on Monday . "  Regional powers who have control in the Middle East will try to ensure they have greater influence on the new regimes -- influence that will not always support us or be of benefit to us , to say the least , " Netanyahu said to Israeli legislators during the opening session of the Knesset . "  One of these regional forces is Iran , which continues its efforts to obtain nuclear weapons . A nuclear Iran would pose a dire threat on the Middle East and on the entire world . And of course , it poses a grave , direct threat on us too ... We operate and will continue to operate intensely and determinately against those who threaten the security of the state of Israel and its citizens . " Shirzad Bozorgmehr reported from Iran ; Kevin Flower reported from Jerusalem .	Iranian military official : We will use "  suitable equipment " to punish any attack Israel test-fires a rocket propulsion system The events come amid speculation in Israel about possible military plans
LONDON , England  CNN  -- China executed at least 470 people last year -- more than any other country in the world , according to an annual report on the death penalty by the human rights group Amnesty International . A woman is shown being taken to her execution in Beijing , China , in 2001 . The group said that five countries carried out 88 percent of all known executions worldwide : China  470 people  , Iran  317  , Saudi Arabia  143  , Pakistan  135  and the United States  42  . Exact figures for how many people were put to death in China are difficult to come by because the country considers the death penalty a "  state secret , " Amnesty said . "  As the world and Olympic guests are left guessing , only the Chinese authorities know exactly how many people have been killed with state authorization , " the group said . Last year , China reformed the way capital cases are handled , with the Supreme Court deciding all cases . This led to a drop in the number of executions , with "  half of the cases changed to a reprieve in the end , " according to an article last week in China 's state-run news agency , Xinhua . In December , the United Nations General Assembly called for a global end to the death penalty . But for now , the Amnesty report said , many countries continued to execute people for offenses that trigger much less severe sentences in other countries . In Iran , for example , a father of two was stoned to death for adultery . An Egyptian national was beheaded in Saudi Arabia for practicing sorcery . And a factory manager in North Korea was shot by a firing squad because he appointed his children as managers and made international phone calls . E-mail to a friend	China executed at least 470 people in the last year , says human rights group Iran had second-highest level of executions in 2007 , Amnesty says United States recorded fifth-highest number of executions , report finds
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian security forces arrested Mohamed Badie , the Muslim Brotherhood 's spiritual leader , at a residential apartment in Cairo on Tuesday , state-run Nile TV reported . He was arrested in the Nasr City section of the capital without any resistance , Nile TV said , citing Gen. Abdel Fattah Othman , an Interior Ministry spokesman . Badie , whose title is supreme guide , is accused of inciting violence , according to Nile TV . The Brotherhood picked a Badie deputy to temporarily replace him , its political wing said Tuesday . He is Mahmoud Ezzat . Badie 's detention came one day after 25 soldiers were killed in a Sinai ambush and onetime ruler Hosni Mubarak won acquittal on a corruption charge . Suspected militants armed with rocket-propelled grenades struck two buses carrying security forces and killed the soldiers in the city of Rafah , on the border between Egypt and Gaza , Nile TV reported . Interim President Adly Mansour declared three days of national mourning following the attack , Nile TV said . The Sinai Peninsula is a lawless area that was the site of frequent attacks even before Egypt 's latest round of turmoil . In May , for example , seven Egyptian solders were kidnapped and held for six days there , a spokesman for Egypt 's armed forces said . But the attack adds to the persistent tension across the country since the military ousted democratically elected President Mohamed Morsy in a coup . Over the past week , about 900 people -- security personnel as well as citizens -- have been killed . Deaths occurred when the military used force to clear two pro-Morsy sit-in sites in Cairo on Wednesday and violence raged after pro-Morsy supporters staged demonstrations Friday . Billions in aid on the line : What will the U.S. do about Egypt ? On Sunday , at least 37 jailed members of the Muslim Brotherhood , an Islamist movement , were reportedly killed in what the Interior Ministry called an attempted jailbreak . Egypt 's state-run EGYNews agency reported that the prisoners died from tear-gas suffocation and from trampling over each other , and Egypt 's Prosecutor General Office ordered the arrest Monday of two police officers for their involvement in the incident . The prosecutor general also ordered that three police officers hospitalized for injuries sustained in the incident be held while the investigation continues . As for the Sinai ambush , the Brotherhood condemned the attack on Egyptian soldiers . "  Our peaceful protests  are  stronger than any weapon , and we do n't accept any violence , " said Murad Mohamad Ali , media adviser to the Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party . Morsy supporters , many of whom are members of the Muslim Brotherhood , and those aligned with the military-backed interim government blame each other for stoking the violence . Morsy has been in detention since his overthrow . Egyptian prosecutors have extended the detention for 15 days , pending investigations . Prosecutors have charged him with participating in the detention , torture , murder and attempted murder of Egyptian citizens ; broadcasting false news to influence judicial authorities in their inquiries ; and inciting thugs to use force and terrorize citizens . Questions about aid The crackdown also spurred a call from a leading U.S. senator , John McCain , to cut off its $ 1.3 billion in aid to Egypt . He said the United States has failed to follow its own rule requiring suspending aid to states overtaken by a military coup -- though the United States has not officially described the recent regime change in Egypt as a coup . "  We have no credibility . We do have influence , but when you do n't use that influence , then you do not have that influence , " McCain said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said President Obama noted that "  every aspect " of the U.S.-Egypt relationship is under review . U.S.-Egypt relations : ` Damned if you do , damned if you do n't ' He said the U.S. message to Egyptian officials has been consistent : The interim government should "  get back to an inclusive approach to reconciliation in Egypt . Will the regime get the message ? The U.S. ability to influence events in Egypt is "  limited , " Hagel said , but it 's not "  without influence . " Speaking at a Pentagon briefing with his counterpart from China , Hagel said the United States has a longstanding relationship with Egypt . "  We have interests clearly in the Middle East -- interests that include hopefully a development of some progress toward an Israeli - Palestinian settlement . So we continue to work with the Egyptian interim government as well as the Egyptian military , " he said . Hagel also said protection of Americans in Egypt is of the "  highest priority . " But Saudi Arabia 's foreign minister assured Egyptians that Arab nations will support Egypt if any international aid to the country is cut , the Saudi Press Agency reported Monday . "  The Arab and Islamic nation is rich when it comes to the support of its sons and its potentials and will not shy away from providing a helping hand to Egypt , " Saud Al-Faisal said . International response called weak , ineffective The carnage has spurred a call from leading human rights group Amnesty International for a "  full , impartial and effective investigation in the shocking loss of life . " "  The interim government has already stained its human rights record -- first by breaking its promises to use nonlethal weapons to disperse pro-Morsi sit-ins and allow for the safe exit of wounded , and then by justifying their actions despite the tragic loss of lives , " said Salil Shetty , secretary-general of Amnesty International , in a news release . "  The response of the international community has been weak and ineffective , even as everyone leaps to condemn the horrific loss of life . The international community must act decisively to send a message that no government can behave this way and retain any credibility . " Egyptian demonstrator : Why we are willing to die The group documented a rise in civil strife since the July 3 coup and cited "  a string of serious human rights abuses , culminating in the wholesale attack by the security forces " on pro-Morsy sit-ins last week . "  These abuses have included an alarming and unprecedented rise in sectarian violence against Coptic Christians across the country , "  seemingly in retaliation for their support " for Morsy 's ouster . It cited abuses by pro-Morsy protesters "  including beatings , torture and killings . "  In recent days , the scale of violence by some Morsy supporters have manifestly increased , as some attacked government buildings and police stations and personnel . Some protesters have also fired live ammunition on local residents , " Amnesty said . Mubarak in court As the upheaval persists in Egypt , Mubarak 's court cases grind on . In Cairo , a criminal court acquitted the former president in a corruption case , Egyptian state TV reported Monday . The case stemmed from accusations of squandering public money allocated for renovating presidential palaces . He also faces at least one other outstanding corruption claim . Separately , Mubarak is also facing a more serious accusation : that he was involved in the killing of protesters during the 2011 uprising . A Cairo court on Saturday adjourned a retrial in that case to this coming Sunday . Mubarak ruled Egypt , the most populous Arab country , for three decades until demonstrators opposing his rule forced his ouster in 2011 . He was convicted in 2012 in the deaths of numerous protesters , but was later granted a retrial . After a lengthy trial , he and his former interior minister , Habib al-Adly , were found guilty and sentenced to life in prison last year on charges that they were complicit in the protesters ' killings . After appealing their convictions , they were granted a new trial early this year . Mubarak has been held since his guilty verdict last year . After months spent in a military hospital , a public prosecutor sent him back to prison in April . The ousted autocratic leader 's health has been a bone of contention during his trial and incarceration . He suffered a heart attack after relinquishing power and had said that he was physically unfit to stand trial . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Ali Younes , Schams Elwazer , Ian Lee , Saad Abedine and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Mohamed Badie is arrested at an apartment in the Nasr City section of Cairo 25 soldiers die in an attack in the Sinai Peninsula ; 3-day mourning period declared At least 37 Muslim Brotherhood prisoners reportedly killed in jailbreak attempt Former President Hosni Mubarak is acquitted in one of many cases against him
CNN  -- Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo lifted martial law in the country 's south , which she declared after the massacre of 57 people last month , Philippine news outlets reported Saturday . The order lifting martial law was due to be effective at 9 p.m.  8 a.m. ET  Saturday , the Philippines News Agency  PNA  and CNN affiliate ABS-CBN said . Military troops will remain in Maguindanao province to keep the peace despite the move , said Victor Ibrado , chief of staff of the Philippine armed forces , PNA said . Arroyo imposed martial law December 4 but lifted it Saturday after deciding it had achieved its objectives , Executive Secretary Eduardo Ermita said , according to PNA . Local government was now back in power and the justice system was functioning again , he said . Authorities have said the November 23 massacre in Maguindanao province was a politically motivated attempt to keep an opponent of the politically powerful Ampatuan family from running for governor . Thirty journalists were among those killed . The martial law allowed arrests without warrants , and at least six members of the Ampatuan family -- including a local mayor -- were arrested , according to ABS-CBN . Authorities raided a warehouse and ranch belonging to the family last weekend and confiscated firearms , ammunition and vehicles , Maj. Randolph Cabangbang , deputy of operations for the eastern Mindanao command , told CNN . Ermita said Saturday that three charges of multiple murders were filed in court , and that 24 people were charged with rebellion . The Philippine National Police has referred nearly 900 other cases to the Department of Justice , he said . Violence in the run-up to elections is not uncommon in the Philippines . The Maguindanao massacre , however , is the worst politically motivated violence in recent Philippine history , according to state media . The victims included the wife and sister of political candidate Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu , who had sent the women to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao . He said he had received threats from allies of Gov. Andal Ampatuan Sr. , the father of the accused mayor , saying he would be kidnapped if he filed the papers himself . Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao , which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation .	Reports : Order lifting martial law was due to be effective at 9 p.m.  8 a.m. ET  Saturday Authorities have said the November 23 massacre in Maguindanao province was a politically motivated At least six members of politically-powerful Ampatuan family in the area were arrested Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao
CNN  It took more than seven decades , but England finally got its delivery of tons of silver coins . For most of those years , the money was deep at the bottom of the Atlantic , the monetary casualty of a cruel World War II sinking . In November 1942 , the unguarded SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat while carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver . The vessel sunk to more than 16,800 feet under the surface  5,150 meters  where it went undiscovered until 2011 when Deep Ocean Search decided to go looking for it . The sinking was the stuff of legend . The City of Cairo was bringing silver rupees from India to England as part of the war effort . After a stop in Brazil , two torpedos sank the ship in the Atlantic . After the ship went under , the U-boat reportedly surfaced and the captain said to the survivors in lifeboats : "  Goodnight , sorry for sinking you . " The captain 's lament is the title of a book about the event . Only a handful of people died as the ship sank but about 100 more passed away during the desperate attempt of the six boats to make it to land , which was hundreds of miles away . When the last of the lifeboats was found 51 days later , all but two people in it had died . Deep Ocean Search said in a news release that during the 2011 search it located an unnatural object on radar . A sub found the City of Cairo split into two parts , buried by silt . "  Under contract to the UK Ministry of Transport , DOS recovered several tens of tons of silver coins from a depth of  5,150 meters  , " the company said . The depth is a world record , the company claimed . Other deep-water operations reported in the media that are close to this depth include the 1987 search for the wreck of a South African Airways plane at 16,000 feet  4,700 meters  and the discovery of the SS Gairsoppa at about 15,400 feet  4,800 meters  in the North Atlantic in 2011 . The BBC reported the City of Cairo salvage operation was completed in September 2013 , but the British government made the company keep it secret until this week . The coins were melted and the silver sold , the BBC reported . Deep Ocean Search got a percentage of the sale , and the UK Treasury the rest , according to the BBC . At today 's rates , 100 tons of silver would be worth about $ 50 million . Remains of USS Oklahoma crew to be exhumed at Pearl Harbor CNN 's Jessica King contributed to this report .	The ship was sunk in 1942 hundreds of miles of the coast of South America A British company says the salvage operation occurred at a world record depth The torpedoing is the subject of the book "  Goodnight , sorry for sinking you "
CNN  -- Your husband , an avid gamer and techie , dies of a heart attack , leaving his vast online life - -- one you do n't know much about - -- in limbo . Eternal Space lets loved ones create customized online gravesites and memorial pages . His accounts , to which you do n't know the passwords , go idle . His e-mails go unanswered , his online multiplayer games go on without him and bidders on his eBay items do n't know why they ca n't get an answer from the seller . Web site domains that he has purchased , some of which are now worth hundreds of thousands of dollars , - will expire , and you may never know . It 's a scenario that 's becoming more likely as we spend more of our lives online . And it 's raising more questions about what happens to our online lives after we log off for the final time . The answer , until recently , was nothing . But now , as online usage increases and social-media sites soar in popularity , more companies are popping up to try and fill that void created in your digital life after death . Jeremy Toeman , founder of the site Legacy Locker , recognized that when he was on a plane and wondered what would happen to his online life if it crashed . While his will leaves everything to his wife , including all of his digital assets , Toeman realized how difficult it would be for her to access his accounts . "  My GoDaddy account would belong to her , but it does n't solve the practical reality of how she would get access to it , " he said . He experienced a similar scenario after his grandmother died , and he tried to get the password for her e-mail account -- only to give up because of the hassle . So Toeman built his company to change all that . Legacy Locker allows users to set up a kind of online will , with beneficiaries that would receive the customer 's account information and passwords after they die . "  We know it 's a hard thing to think about -- to get people to face mortality . We know it 's kind of morbid , but for those who live their entire lives online , it 's also very real . " A Legacy Locker account costs $ 29.99 a year . Users can set up their accounts at www.legacylocker.com to specify who gets access to their posthumous online information , along with "  legacy letters , " or messages , that can be sent to loved ones . If someone contacts Legacy Locker to report a client 's death , the service will send the customer four e-mails in 48 hours . If there 's no response , Legacy Locker will then contact the people the client listed as verifiers in the event of his or her death . Even then , the service would not release digital assets without examining a copy of the customer 's death certificate , Toeman said . Eddie Lopez is the kind of tech-savvy guy for which a service such as Legacy Locker was made . The St. Paul , Minnesota , man has three online banking accounts , a PayPal account , domain names , Web-hosting accounts , multiple e-mail addresses and many social-networking accounts . "  I do think this is something people should be really considering these days , " Lopez told CNN when asked about services such as Legacy Locker . He wants to hire a service to handle his digital assets but is concerned about privacy . "  Although I 'm glad there 's people breaking ground in this area , I do n't think I would jump at the first opportunity to sign up , " Lopez said . "  My concerns are turning over such an exhaustive list of user names and passwords to a single business . That 's one-stop shopping for any hacker to get access to just about every detail of my life . " Lopez would prefer to entrust half of his digital-security information to a service such as Legacy Locker and the other half to family members , so that each side 's information would be useless without the other 's . "  I hope Legacy Locker and similar services can address these privacy-security concerns with some real-world solutions , " he said . "  I just do n't feel comfortable turning over my digital life -- built over 15 years -- to a kind promise . " Legacy Locker is n't the only new company helping techies plan for death in the digital age . AssetLock  formerly YouDeparted.com  offers a "  secure safe deposit box " for digital copies of documents , wishes , letters and e-mails . Deathswitch and Slightly Morbid also offer similar services in a variety of prices and packages , depending on how many accounts are involved . Not all of these services deal with online assets . There 's also a growing trend towards giving all aspects of death -- - the grieving process , the funeral , the memorial and even the grave site -- - a digital makeover . FindaGrave.com claims to have cemetery records for 32 million people in its searchable database , while EternalSpace.com offers a new spin on the traditional grave site by offering virtual memorial pages full of videos , pictures and tributes . On Eternal Space , loved ones can choose from different headstones and bucolic landscape backgrounds -- the mountain lake is a popular option -- to create a customized online grave site . Loved ones can add "  tribute gifts " such as roses , candles , stuffed animals and other items , while mourners can access photos and videos in a "  Memory Book " and leave remembrances of their own . Jay Goss , president of Eternal Space president , is trying to bring the funeral experience to anyone who can access the Web . In that way , he hopes to provide a gathering place , and a voice , for mourners who may not be able to attend the real-life memorial service . "  It 'd be the equivalent of a funeral where everyone can attend and everyone can spend 30 minutes behind the podium , " Goss said . "  It gives everyone a chance to put a 360-degree wrapper on the life the person lived and celebrate that life from how every person knew them . " Eternal Space 's virtual memorial sites are currently only being offered through select funeral homes , cemeteries and crematoriums . Goss ' hope is that the site will help allow the deceased 's memory to be "  eternally " passed on . "  All of these stories and videos are being left , in essence , to this Eternal Space Web site so that everyone can share , not just that day , not the days after , but the weeks after and years after , " he said . Some funeral-industry professionals believe these online memorials and virtual grave sites provide a valuable service . "  Assuming the site is handled with respect , virtual memorials respond to a basic human need to remember our deceased family , friends and colleagues , " said Robert M. Fells , general counsel for the International Cemetery , Cremation and Funeral Association . "  Based on our members ' feedback , I 'd have to say that virtual memorial sites are gaining popularity with the public as a very practical alternative to being present at the grave site , " he added . "  There 's nothing ` weird ' about them as far as we have seen . " "  There are funeral homes out there that will help families create virtual memorials , but ... we 've also seen Facebook and MySpace profiles of deceased persons being turned into memorials , " agreed Jessica Koth , spokesperson for the National Funeral Directors Association . "  Consumers have become increasingly comfortable with expressing their grief online . " "  While not a replacement for a funeral , online memorialization can help people work through their grief after the funeral , " she added . "  We 've all become accustomed to communicating and expressing ourselves electronically -- via e-mail , Facebook , Twitter . Expressing one 's grief online is an outgrowth of what 's happening in other areas of our lives . " CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	New services are helping people organize their digital assets after their death Customers can designate loved ones to access their posthumous online accounts Legacy Locker allows users to set up a kind of online will , with beneficiaries Eternal Space lets loved ones create customized online grave sites
CNN  -- A number of establishment Republicans are privately blasting former Rep. J.C. Watts and his comments about considering a run for the chairmanship of the Republican National Committee . They call him arrogant for even suggesting he could do the job , and some have said the talk is more about his ego than a vision for the party . In fact , he has been likened to former RNC Chairman Michael Steele . Both are conservative , but clearly that comparison is based on their skin color and not anything else . The Republican Party establishment should tread carefully here , because even if members choose not to vote for Watts -- if he decides to even seek the job -- it is his skin color and perspective that is central to the GOP having any sort of presidential future . We might as well not play footsie : The Republican Party is a group largely composed of and targeting white Americans . Yes , there are minority Republicans . But considering how President Obama was able to destroy Mitt Romney at the ballot box last month with a racial coalition that rolled up massive support among blacks , Hispanics and Asians , the GOP has a problem . The day has passed when the GOP can win the presidency by focusing on white Americans . Folks , this is simple math . With the nation moving toward becoming a majority-minority country , the Republican Party can not afford to continue to ignore , alienate and , frankly , tick off minority voters . What J.C. Watts is trying to do is to get party leaders to understand that as a former college football legend at the University of Oklahoma , he knows when a failed game plan needs to be thrown out . In football , if you lose , you often get rid of the coach and find someone who can recruit better players to put you on the path to winning . Opinion : GOP , break Grover Norquist 's grip on you Does that mean the GOP should throw out RNC chairman Reince Priebus ? Not necessarily . But it is abundantly clear that the modern-day GOP had better find a new game plan or it is going to be on the outside of the Oval Office for quite some time . J.C. Watts is no stranger to this discussion . When he served in the leadership of the House Republican Conference as a member of Congress from Oklahoma , he often tried to quietly address these issues within the party , and his comments often fell on deaf ears . Now Watts can look to his Republican buddies and say , "  Did n't I tell you ? Now are y' all ready to pay attention ? " But as long as guys like Mitt Romney surrogate John Sununu , a former New Hampshire governor and chief of staff to President George H.W. Bush , continue to assert that people voted for President Obama because of handouts , the GOP will resemble that old , drunk uncle you hate to invite over for family dinners because he manages to make everyone look foolish . The Republican Party 's problem is n't that its members have to better explain its policies to minorities . No . It 's that they all need to shut up and listen . Yes , listen . Because every time top GOP officials open their mouths , all they seem to do is insult the very people they need to vote for them . This is about relationships . It is about having a dialogue . It 's about listening to what Americans desire and seeing where there is agreement , whether it 's education , the environment , entrepreneurship , sentencing reform , immigration or a host of other issues . Too often , the GOP is afraid to talk to minorities , especially black folks , and that results in turning them off in a huge way . And just saying , "  Look ! We have elected some minorities to office " ai n't gon na cut it . How did having a Hispanic governor in New Mexico and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio help Mitt Romney in the last election ? J.C. Watts understands that being able to commuincate with black , Hispanic and Asian business owners about issues other than taxes is going to make a difference . Sorry , GOP , just touting smaller government and fewer taxes wo n't cut it . The discussion must be broad and touch upon the issues that affect these voters every day . And the only way a Priebus can even understand how to talk to and work with black folks is having a relationship with the likes of J.C. Watts , Colin Powell , Texas Education Commissioner Michael Williams , Florida Lt. Gov. Jennifer Carroll , South Carolina Rep. Tim Scott , former Citigroup and Time Warner chairman Richard Parsons and so many others and say , "  Please , take the time to educate me on the issues and concerns resonating among black folks , and how our agenda can appeal to them . " Then you sit back , shut up and take notes . Opinion : The GOP is tone-deaf on fiscal cliff The same needs to happen with other constituencies that the Democratic Party has dominated . This is the only effective way the GOP will come to grips with the enormous problems it has in these communities . The party first must know why there is so much resistance , and then go about methodically addressing the issues . And that will mean having an extraordinary outreach program that must be funded and staffed . The fact is , the massive outreach effort that is needed may not pay off for the GOP in 2016 . But laying the groundwork today could mean seeing the fruits of that labor then and beyond . But I can guarantee the GOP one thing : If it ignores minority constituents and dismisses them , it will get destroyed at the ballot box . The only way for fruits to grow is if the seed is planted , cultivated and tended to . The GOP has been unwilling to get its hands dirty and do the hard work when it comes to minority voters . Keep it up and it will starve to death . I guarantee . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Former Rep. J.C. Watts might run for the chairmanship of the Republican National Committee Some establishment Republicans are blasting him , says Roland Martin But if the GOP wants any kind of future , it should listen to Watts very closely , Martin says It 's time for the GOP to "  sit back , shut up and take notes , " says Martin
Washington  CNN  -- Is it a model for bipartisan governance or a short-term solution that only hardened long-held positions ? Democrats and Republicans had wildly different takes on Thursday on the agreement passed by Congress and signed by President Barack Obama that ended the 16-day partial shutdown of the government and averted a possible U.S. default . Hundreds of thousands of federal workers returned to their jobs across the country and national monuments such as the Gateway Arch in St. Louis reopened under the agreement considered a victory for Obama because it lacked substantive changes to his signature health care reforms targeted by conservatives . In a tough and somber statement , the President challenged the Republican right to drop its anti-government ideology and change how business gets done in Washington . The standoff "  inflicted completely unnecessary damage  to  our economy " by slowing growth and increasing borrowing costs , Obama said , declaring that "  there are no winners here . " At the same time , he blamed the brinksmanship that flirted with the first default in U.S. history on no-compromise tactics of the Republican tea party wing in Congress , saying that "  the American people are completely fed up with Washington . " "  Let 's work together to make government work better instead of treating it like an enemy or purposely making it work worse , " Obama said in a direct jab at tea party conservatives . "  You do n't like a particular policy or a particular president ? Then argue for your position . Go out there and win an election , " he added . "  Push to change it , but do n't break it " because "  that 's not being faithful to what this country 's about . " Saying "  we ca n't degenerate into hatred , " he ended by quoting part of the Pledge of Allegiance that states America is "  one nation , under God , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all . " But an aide to Sen. Ted Cruz , who led the tea party charge to tie continued government funding to derailing Obamacare , told CNN 's Dana Bash late on Thursday the Texas Republican was not ruling anything in or out about a possible shutdown early next year around the next big fiscal deadlines . While no other Republican leaders offered on-the-record reaction , a senior GOP congressional aide told Bash that "  the President 's comments are not designed to help this process , only to lay blame in advance "  of upcoming congressional battles over the budget , immigration reform and other issues . The congressional stalemate ended when Republicans caved to the insistence of Obama and Democrats that legislation funding the government and raising the federal borrowing limit should be free -- or at least mostly free -- from partisan issues and tactics . After all the bickering and grandstanding , the billions lost and trust squandered , the result amounted to much ado about nothing . Hardline Republicans , whose opposition to Obama 's signature health care reforms set the shutdown and debt ceiling crisis in motion , got pretty much zip -- except maybe marred reputations . "  To say we as Republicans left a lot on the table would be one of the biggest understatements in American political history , " Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina tweeted . The agreement amounted to the cliched kicking of the can down the road , because the deal passed by Congress in lightning fashion Wednesday night and signed by Obama in the wee hours of Thursday only funds the government through January 15 and raises the debt ceiling until February 7 . Read the bill It also set up budget negotiations between the GOP-led House and Democratic-led Senate intended to reach a broader agreement on funding the government for the fiscal year that ends on September 30 . Ideally , a budget compromise would ensure government funding and include deficit reduction provisions that would prevent another round of default-threatening brinksmanship in three months ' time . Dialogue started On Thursday , leaders of the House and Senate budget committees -- Republican Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic Sen. Patty Murray of Washington -- held a symbolic breakfast to get the dialogue started . They noted that their negotiations -- called a conference between their two committees to work out differences in budgets passed by each chamber -- differed from a special committee set up under 2011 legislation that failed to agree on broader deficit reduction steps . "  Chairman Ryan knows I 'm not gon na vote for his budget . I know that he 's not gon na vote for mine , " Murray told reporters , saying the goal was to find "  the common ground between our two budgets that we both can vote on . " In his statement to reporters Thursday , Obama repeated his call for Congress to now take a "  balanced approach " on a budget for the rest of the current fiscal year that would "  cut out things we do n't need , " "  close corporate tax loopholes that do n't create jobs , " and "  free up resources for things that do help the country grow , " like research and infrastructure . He also said Congress should pass immigration reforms proposed by the Senate and complete work on a farm bill caught in partisan wrangling . White House spokesman Jay Carney said the House vote to pass the spending and debt ceiling agreement Wednesday showed the possibility of bipartisan governance , with the Democratic minority joined by enough Republicans to surpass the 217-vote threshold required . However , that outcome only came under immense pressure on House Republicans after their partisan proposals seeking to link provisions dismantling or defunding Obamacare were rejected by the Democratic-led Senate and the President . House Speaker John Boehner 's spokesman said the Ohio Republican sought a "  step-by-step " process to address the immigration issue , which was Washington code for rejecting Obama 's comprehensive approach that would offer immigrants living illegally in the country a pathway to legal status . Conservatives call that amnesty , and a senior GOP aide told CNN that "  the President 's attitude and actions over the past few weeks have almost certainly poisoned the well on immigration , at least for now . " Why is Ted Cruz smiling ? Back to work Before Obama spoke Thursday , federal employees returning to work got muffins from Vice President Joe Biden and hugs from colleagues , along with eye rolls about their "  vacation " due to the shutdown . "  I am happy it 's ended , " Biden said when he arrived at the Environmental Protection Agency with the muffins handed out to returning workers . "  It was unnecessary to begin with . " In the basement of the Capitol , there were exuberant hugs as furloughed colleagues were welcomed back , but there was also bitterness toward the elected legislators in charge upstairs . A common refrain was the sarcastic question : "  How was your vacation ? " Responses were often nonverbal -- an eye roll , a head shake , an angry glare , the occasional ironic laugh . Zakaria : Conservatives should lighten up Had Congress not approved a debt limit increase , the government would have lost its authority to borrow more money to pay all of its bills . Social Security checks and veterans ' benefits could have stopped . The markets could have gone into a tailspin . Approval of the temporary spending plan meant the return to work of more than 800,000 furloughed employees , while more than 1 million others who 've been working without pay will get paychecks again . A provision in the agreement guaranteed back pay for government workers for the shutdown . What 's open for business again Last-minute save However , the measure does n't address many of the contentious and complicated issues that continue to divide Democrats and Republicans , such as changes to entitlement programs and tax reform . "  We think that we 'll be back here in January debating the same issues , " John Chambers , managing director of Standard and Poor 's rating service , told CNN on Wednesday night . "  This is , I fear , a permanent feature of our budgetary process . " At the White House , Carney hoped the outcome of the shutdown showdown -- with Republicans getting little in return for the public anger leveled mostly at them for causing it -- would revise how things worked . "  It 's a new day , and maybe that dynamic will change , " he said . Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , credited with brokering the agreement with his Democratic counterpart , Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada , said in published interviews Thursday there would be no further government shutdowns . Pork in the bill : The 5 most surprising provisions in the debt deal A $ 24 billion battle The partial government shutdown came at a steep cost . Standard and Poor 's estimated it took a $ 24 billion bite out of the economy . Then there 's the impact it had on politicians ' image . If there 's one thing polls showed that Americans agreed on , it 's that they do n't trust Congress -- with Republicans bearing more blame than anyone else for what transpired . What did GOP win on Obamacare ? Not much While some Republicans , such as tea party favorite Cruz , claimed moral victories in energizing their movement , Boehner did n't even pretend his side came out victorious . "  We fought the good fight ; we just did n't win , " Boehner told a radio station in his home state of Ohio . Cruz , despite being in the Senate , is credited with spearheading the House Republican effort to attach amendments that would have dismantled or defunded Obamacare . Republicans did get a small Obamacare concession : requiring the government to confirm the eligibility of people receiving federal subsidies under the health care program . However , Republican leaders said dismantling or defunding Obamacare was never going to happen and they criticized Cruz and his tea party cohorts for essentially causing the unpopular shutdown over that effort . GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire called the Cruz tactic "  an ill-conceived strategy from the beginning , not a winning strategy . " How the House voted How the Senate voted ` Never again ' Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich predicts the tea party and staunch conservatives in the GOP will be more energized after not getting the anti-Obamacare amendments they wanted . "  They will be more embittered , more angry . They will find more ways to go after Obama because they ca n't find any way to get him to negotiate , " he said , adding that he expects Obamacare to become the defining issue of the next two elections cycles . Key points of the new debt deal CNN 's Brianna Keilar , Deirdre Walsh , Dana Bash , Erin McPike , Steve Brusk , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Paul Steinhauser , Ashley Killough , Craig Broffman , Jim Acosta , Mark Preston , Dan Merica and Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	President Obama says nation ca n't "  degenerate into hatred " Republican split on display after shutdown debacle The government is funded through January 15 and the debt ceiling through February 7 NEW : Aide to Ted Cruz says Senator not ruling anything in or out on another possible shutdown
Washington  CNN  -- Former vice president Dick Cheney told a special prosecutor in 2004 that he had no idea who leaked the identity of CIA agent Valerie Plame , according to newly released FBI documents . Cheney was questioned as part of an investigation on how journalists came to know the identity of Plame , the wife of former Ambassador Joseph Wilson , who was a critic of the Iraq war . In the interview , Cheney responded to many questions with "  I do not recall . " However , he took a few stabs at the CIA in its handling of White House allegations that Iraq was attempting to purchase uranium from Niger to manufacture nuclear weapons . Wilson was dispatched to Niger on a CIA assignment to explore the charges and later said that the Bush administration was twisting facts to support an invasion of Iraq . He implied in a newspaper article that his trip was at the behest of the vice president . Cheney 's reaction to the article was that it was "  amateur hour " at the CIA , according to the FBI documents , released after the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics , a watchdog group in Washington , sued under the Freedom of Information Act . The 28-page summary of the Cheney interview was made public more than five years after it took place . Cheney , his chief of staff , Scooter Libby , and presidential adviser Karl Rove , were named in a 2006 federal civil lawsuit by Plame and Wilson . Plame contended she was the victim of intentional and malicious exposure and that both she and Wilson suffered a violation of rights . The lawsuit was dismissed in 2007 . Only Libby was tried and convicted of perjury , obstruction and lying to the FBI about the Plame leak . President George W. Bush later commuted his sentence . Cheney told the FBI he did not recall discussing Plame with Libby prior to her name being published in a column by Robert Novak in July 2003 , and said he had no knowledge of Libby 's meeting with New York Times reporter Judith Miller a week before Plame was identified . In closing arguments at Libby 's trial , special prosecutor Patrick J. Fitzgerald said "  a cloud over the vice-president " persisted . Melanie Sloan , executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics , said : "  Mr. Cheney 's near total amnesia regarding his role in this monumental Washington scandal -- resulting in the conviction of his top aide -- shows why . "	FBI : Dick Cheney did n't remember details of CIA agent Valerie Plame 's outing Plame 's name was published in column by Robert Novak in July 2003 Scooter Libby , Cheney 's former chief of staff , was convicted in CIA leak case
CNN  The 2015 Grammys offered the familiar -- a slew of awards for a newcomer , some outstanding performances -- and the unfamiliar : Kanye West laughing and smiling ? Here are a few things that dominated the evening and ideas to make the show better : Welcome , Sam Smith ! A year ago , the British soul singer was an unknown in America . Sunday night , he took home four Grammys , including song of the year , record of the year  both for "  Stay with Me "  , best new artist and best pop vocal album  for "  In the Lonely Hour "  . He also gave a dazzling performance of "  Stay with Me " with Mary J. Blige pitching in . About the only thing that could have made it better was if Tom Petty , who was credited on the song thanks to similarities to "  I Wo n't Back Down , " had joined him . "  I 'm having a really , really , really good night , " Smith said as he won song of the year . That was an understatement . Is that Kanye West ? Like dancing unicorns and functioning Congresses , a smiling , laughing Kanye West was considered a mythical creature : occasionally talked about but never seen . On Sunday night , though , the usually grim-faced rapper gave a soulful performance of "  Only One , " joined Rihanna and a somewhat awkward Paul McCartney for "  FourFiveSeconds " and then jokingly stole the show by running on stage when Beck won album of the year for "  Morning Phase . " On the other hand , maybe he was n't joking at all . Beck 's big night Obviously , Kanye did n't expect Beck to win album of the year -- and neither did Beck himself . But "  Morning Phase " took home that major prize as well as best rock album . Obviously flustered , Beck thanked the entire production team , as well as his children for "  letting me keep them awake extra longer . " How did Beck beat out Beyonce ? Pointed statements The Grammys got in some issue-oriented statements President Obama dropped by via video to speak against domestic violence , with activist Brooke Axtell giving a moving speech . Others were n't even spoken aloud : During his performance of "  Happy , " Pharrell and his background performers held up their hands in the now-familiar "  Do n't shoot " move . Grammys 2015 : Race takes center stage And then there was Prince , who came out to present album of the year . "  Like books and black lives , albums still matter , " he said . Annie Lennox goes to church ; AC/DC goes to hell ; Sia goes looking for a place to hide Hozier was doing a fine job with his "  Take Me to Church , " but Lennox gave the song a new dimension -- and then took the audience to church with her soulful , dramatic version of Screamin ' Jay Hawkins ' "  I Put a Spell on You . " Then there was AC/DC , which started the show with "  Rock or Bust " and "  Highway to Hell . " As surprising as it was to see the heavy-metal heroes on the Grammys -- not usually known for a fondness for metal -- it was equally surprising to see a group of celebrities wearing devil horns in the group 's honor . And Sia , known for hiding her face , performed her song "  Chandelier " while facing a wall . Kristen Wiig and Maddie Ziegler handled the dancing duties . Sia was even reclusive on the red carpet .	Sam Smith wins four Grammys , including song , record of the year Kanye West creates another kerfuffle
CNN  An Oklahoma reserve sheriff 's deputy accused of fatally shooting a man he says he meant to subdue with a Taser pleaded not guilty Tuesday to a charge of second-degree manslaughter . At the hearing , the judge granted Robert Bates permission to go to the Bahamas for a family vacation . That decision prompted a response from the family of Eric Harris , the man Bates killed . "  We are not surprised that Mr. Bates pled not guilty . We are , however , surprised that Mr. Bates would choose to go on a vacation to the Bahamas during this tumultuous time . Whether intended or not , Mr. Bates ' vacationing in the Bahamas at this time sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting and Eric 's life . At a time when we are still mourning the death of a loved one that he shot down in the street , Mr. Bates will be relaxing and enjoying his wealth and privilege . " Bates ' preliminary hearing is scheduled for 10 a.m. July 2 . "  This will give us an opportunity to deal with the facts in the courtroom instead of the media and we 're looking very much forward to that , " said Clark Brewster , one of his lawyers , after the hearing . Bates , 73 , was working as a reserve deputy for the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office on April 2 when he was involved the arrest of Eric Harris in a weapons sting operation . Bates claims he meant to stun Harris with a Taser after Harris fled from officers , but mistakenly shot Harris with a gun instead . Bates has said the shooting was accidental . He has apologized to the Harris family , as has Sheriff Stanley Glanz . The lawyer for the family of the man who was killed claims that Bates was n't qualified to be on the force , but received preferential treatment because he 'd made donations to the agency and was a friend of the sheriff . The Tulsa World newspaper reported some supervisors in the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office were told to forge Bates ' records and were reassigned when they refused . The Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office has denied these allegations . Over the weekend , one of Bates ' lawyers released most of his training documents and said they prove Bates had proper law enforcement training . Two deputies involved in arrest of Harris have been reassigned because of threats against them and their families , Glanz said Monday in a news conference . Lawyer releases training records for Tulsa deputy charged in killing CNN 's Jason Morris and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	Robert Bates said he meant to subdue a suspect with a Taser but accidentally shot him The preliminary hearing is scheduled for July 2 The judge said Bates was free to travel to the Bahamas for a family vacation
CNN  -- A fatal police chase involving a teenager on a bicycle has led the Pensacola , Florida , police department to revamp its policy on stun guns , officials said . The Southern Christian Leadership Conference held a silent march for Victor Steen in Pensacola , Florida . The chase through Pensacola 's streets in the predawn hours of October 3 has also raised the issue of whether a national stun gun policy is needed , a civil rights group said . Victor Steen , 17 , died after being run over by a police cruiser during a pursuit . The young man , who was pronounced dead at the scene , suffered multiple blunt impact injuries , according to the Escambia County Medical Examiners Office . The chase started when officer Jerald Ard spotted Steen at a construction site about 2 a.m. and the teenager fled , according to the Pensacola Police Department . Steen was on his bicycle , pursued by Ard in his police car . Ard , 35 , tried unsuccessfully to fire a stun gun at Steen , according to a police department news release . The teen eventually crashed his bicycle and fell into the path of the police car , according to Pensacola Assistant Chief Chip Simmons . Initial "  exam findings do not mention any Taser probes on the body , " said Jeff Martin , director of the medical examiners office . Even though the teenager was not electrocuted by the stun gun , the incident has brought questions from some about safety procedures when it comes to using the weapons . Policies regarding stun guns vary from department to department , but Fred Wilson , director of operations for the National Sheriffs ' Association , said that the general policy on stun guns should focus on appropriate training and an appropriate reporting system for when they are used . Officials with the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , a civil rights group that advocates for a uniform federal stun gun policy , met with the Pensacola police and city officials Thursday . The organization asked the department whether its officers were trained to shoot a stun gun from a moving vehicle . After the meeting , the department changed its policy . "  Effective immediately , firing a Taser from a moving vehicle or into a moving vehicle is prohibited , " a Pensacola police memo said . Before Steen 's death , the department 's policy required that officers act "  professionally " and that stun gun use be "  reasonable . " "  If it had not been for the reckless use of the Taser gun , this tragic accident could have been avoided , " said Dexter Wimbish of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference . The organization said it will release a report in December showing that more than 400 people have died needlessly from a weapon touted as being non-lethal , Wimbish said . The victim 's mother , Cassandria Steen , told CNN affiliate WKRG that the ordeal "  has been very difficult , but unfortunately , we ca n't deal our own hands in life . " "  He was a wonderful kid , wonderful , always loving , always wanting to hug , " she said . "  I was his mommy , and he was my baby . " The leadership conference held a silent march from the scene where the teen died to the church where his funeral was held . At the march , Cassandria Steen said her desire was "  that we will get this thing under control ; that maybe somebody else wo n't have to go through what I 'm going through . " Ard , a four-year member of the police department , has been placed on administrative duty while the incident is under investigation , Simmons said . The officer previously had only a single warning on his record , from a minor accident . The Florida Highway Patrol and the Florida Department of Law Enforcement are handling the investigation , Simmons said . The law enforcement agency is in the fact-finding portion of its investigation , spokesman Mike Morrison said . When the investigation is complete , the department will file a report with the state attorney in Escambia County , he said . "  Our job is to gather the information , and it 's up to the state attorney to determine if any charges will be filed , " Morrison said , adding that he could not give a timeline for the report 's completion . Simmons said a review of the incident would determine whether Ard 's use of his stun gun was "  reasonable " before passing any judgment on the officer . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Pensacola officer chased teen from construction site , tried to shoot stun gun at him Teen crashed his bicycle and fell into patrol car 's path , receiving fatal injuries Stun gun did n't hit teen , but incident still prompted questions about use Civil rights group meets with police , city officials ; department changes policy
CNN  -- A disabled tanker ship collided with a bridge linking Portsmouth , New Hampshire , and Kittery , Maine , on Monday , closing the heavily used span to traffic . The 470-foot Harbour Feature was carrying tallow oil when it hit the aging Sarah Long Bridge stretching over the Piscatagua River . The crew of the Portuguese-flagged ship reported a rupture of up to 12 inches above the waterline , the Coast Guard said . But there was no indication of any leaking cargo . No injuries were reported . Around 6 p.m. , the vessel was pulled off the bridge and safely moored at the state pier on the New Hampshire side , said Coast Guard spokesman Robert Simpson . The matter is under investigation , Coast Guard spokesman Adam Stanton said . The bridge , which was built in 1940 and normally carries about 14,000 vehicles per day , sustained some damage , said Bill Boynton , a spokesman for the New Hampshire Transportation Department . The ship apparently was disabled when it drifted into the span , the Coast Guard said . But it was unclear why that was the case . The ship was carrying tallow oil , which can be used for biofuels , in cooking or for making soap .	Ship drifted into heavily used span linking Portsmouth , N.H. , and Kittery , Maine The ship carrying tallow oil sustained damage above the water line , no cargo leaking The Sarah Long Bridge , built in 1940 , was damaged
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The singer Madonna has settled with Guy Ritchie for $ 75 million , or about # 50 million , as part of their divorce agreement , her representative , Liz Rosenberg , confirmed on Monday to CNN . Madonna and Ritchie in London for the premiere of Ritchie 's film "  Rocknrolla " on September 1 . Film director Ritchie 's spokesman made no immediate comment . The couple was granted a preliminary decree of divorce on November 21 Britain 's High Court in London . The couple have six weeks and a day from that hearing before the divorce becomes final . The two-part divorce is standard in Britain . The window of time allows anyone who objects to the divorce -- or has changed their minds -- to notify the court . The couple married at Scotland 's Skibo Castle eight years ago . They have three children -- Rocco , born to the couple in 2000 ; David , adopted from Malawi ; and Lourdes , Madonna 's daughter from her previous relationship with dancer Carlos Leon . British newspapers reported Friday that Ritchie agreed to take almost none of the singer 's fortune , estimated to be around # 300 million  $ 447 million  .	NEW : Madonna agrees $ 75M settlement with Guy Ritchie , spokeswoman says Couple was granted preliminary divorce decree in November After six weeks and a day the divorce will likely become final The couple are divorcing after eight years of marriage
CNN  -- President Asif Ali Zardari of Pakistan will attend the NATO summit meeting about Afghanistan in Chicago this weekend , his office said in a statement Thursday . NATO had invited Zardari to the conference on Tuesday , just days after the organization 's secretary general , Anders Fogh Rasmussen , had suggested that the neighbor of Afghanistan would not be included because of the continued closure of Pakistan 's border with Afghanistan to war supplies . The decision to attend the meeting was made in consultation with Pakistan 's top military and civilian leaders , the statement from Zardari 's office said . Tensions between Pakistan and Western forces operating in Afghanistan have been high since NATO airstrikes killed two dozen Pakistani soldiers in November . The closure of the border with Afghanistan to NATO supply routes was one of the measures Islamabad employed to show its displeasure over the airstrikes . Talks to reopen the border have intensified ahead of the Chicago meetings . U.S. negotiators have been in Pakistan since late April , and this past weekend , Gen. John Allen , who oversees all U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan , and his Afghan counterpart were in Pakistan for discussions that included talks about the border situation . Analysts have described the NATO summit invitation as an incentive for Zardari to reopen the routes . But Farhatullah Babar , a spokesman for Zardari , said Tuesday that the invitation to the meeting was unconditional and was not linked to the opening of ground lines of communication for NATO or to any other issue . Senior Pakistani military and civilian officials met in Islamabad Tuesday evening but did not come up with a recommendation on lifting the blockade on the two NATO supply routes through Pakistan . The summit meeting will include Afghan President Hamid Karzai , along with NATO allies and International Security Assistance Force contributors . There also will be representatives from Russia , Japan and key international organizations including the United Nations and European Union . Zardari will make a speech in Chicago and also meet with various international leaders on the margins of the summit , his office said Thursday . A senior official with the Obama administration had stressed earlier in the week that the invitation to Pakistan was from NATO and that it was not clear if President Obama would meet with Zardari . "  It does n't necessarily impact what we do with the Pakistanis " at the summit , the official said . Obama met with Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani in March during a nuclear security summit in Seoul , South Korea . Husain Haqqani , former Pakistani ambassador to the United States and now residing in America , told CNN Thursday that the two countries have "  parallel narratives . " "  Pakistanis think that the United States is an untrustworthy ally ; the Americans think that Pakistani 's do n't always fulfill their end of the bargain , especially when it comes to terrorism , " Haqqani said . Ending the deadlock wo n't be easy , he said . "  Remember , we need to crack down on these extremists for Pakistan 's sake . More Pakistanis have been killed by them than they have killed Americans . ... America will leave Afghanistan someday . But we will still be haunted by the remnants , " he said . Hampering any honest discussion between Pakistan and the United States , he said , is "  a small group of people ideologically motivated and seeking essentially the domination of an Islamist ideology within Pakistan , but unable to get votes . " CNN 's Lucky Gold contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Pakistanis think that the United States is an untrustworthy ally , " former ambassador says NATO wants Pakistan to reopen supply routes to Afghanistan Islamabad is still upset about NATO airstrikes that killed Pakistani soldiers The Pakistani president has nonetheless accepted an invitation to a NATO summit
Spike Lee grew up in Fort Greene in Brooklyn . His parents still live there . He still keeps an office there . But it 's not the same neighborhood he grew up in , and his feelings about newcomers now inhabiting once-blighted parts of America 's most-populous city like Fort Greene slapped many people in the face after the famed director went into an expletive-laced rant during an African-American History Month lecture on Tuesday . "  I grew up here in New York . It 's changed , " Lee said at Brooklyn 's Pratt Institute , an art , design , and architecture school . "  And why does it take an influx of white New Yorkers in the South Bronx , in Harlem , in Bed Stuy , in Crown Heights for the facilities to get better ? The garbage was n't picked up every mother ******* day when I was living in 165 Washington Park . ... The police were n't around . When you see white mothers pushing their babies in strollers , three o'clock in the morning on 125th Street , that must tell you something . " Mitchell Moss , a professor of urban policy and planning at New York University 's Wagner School of Public Service , said the city has witnessed an enormous recovery since 2001 , and the greatest change has been felt in Brooklyn , which has drawn newcomers because of its housing , access to Manhattan and improved safety . "  Cities do n't stand still , and the cities that stand still are Detroit , " Moss said . "  So if Spike Lee wants to see a place where there is no gentrification , he 'll also find a place where there are no investments . Obviously , he 's someone who knows how to make a movie but does n't know anything about cities . " He added : "  Brooklyn has become more attractive to more people . Of course , that means some people are going to have to find other places to live , but that 's the magic of New York . We create new places . Today , Bushwick , which was an area that people were afraid to go to , now has some of the best restaurants in the city . " The new neighbors complain "  Let me just kill you right now , " Lee , the "  Do The Right Thing " director , told D.K. Smith , a Brooklyn homeowner and tech start-up director , at the speech when Smith brought up the subject of the "  other side " of gentrification . And then he launched his lengthy tirade . On Wednesday , Lee told "  Anderson Cooper 360 " that he 's not against new people moving into areas that were once predominantly poor and predominantly African-American . "  My problem is that when you move into a neighborhood , have some respect for the history , for the culture , " Lee said . Smith , the managing director of the start-up Brooklyn Innovation Center , told CNN that he does n't mind that Lee ripped into him and would n't let him interject . Smith told Lee on Tuesday that he did n't dispute his point that services in the neighborhoods had changed after the new people -- most of whom are white -- moved in . "  Whoa , whoa , whoa ... " said Lee . "  Let me kill you some more . " "  Can I talk about something ? " Smith said . "  Not yet . Then comes the mother ****** ' Christopher Columbus Syndrome . You ca n't discover this ! We been here , " he said to applause from the audience . He gave the examples of people playing drums in Mount Morris Park , a tradition he said lasted 40 years until the new residents complained . And then there was the one that literally hit home . Lee said his father , "  a great jazz musician , " bought a brownstone 46 years ago . "  And the mother ****** ' people moved in last year and called the cops on my father . He 's not -- he does n't even play electric bass . It 's acoustic . We bought the mother ****** ' house in 1968 , and now you call the cops ? In 2013 ? " According to a New York Times article , police have received 17 noise complaints . The Times said a woman who lived next door had called most . Lee : Why are the services finally better ? Lee lamented that Fort Greene Park in the morning resembled the Westminster Dog Show with hip dogs and that real estate brokers and "  mother ******* hipsters " conspired to change the names of neighborhoods like the South Bronx to SoBro or Bushwick to East Williamsburg . "  So , why did it take this great influx of white people to get the schools better ? " Lee asked . "  Why 's there more police protection in Bed Stuy and Harlem now ? Why 's the garbage getting picked up more regularly ? We been here ! " Smith could n't get a word in during Lee 's speech Tuesday night . But the next day he said he was glad the filmmaker got people talking about the issue . "  What I wanted to do was expand the dialogue , " he told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " There is another side , resident says But Smith said there was a definite lack of balance in Lee 's rant . "  I 'm black , and America is America , " he said . "  I do n't need to moan and groan about it all the time . And some things are bigger than Bed Stuy or Fort Greene or being black in Brooklyn . Gentrification is an issue everywhere . It gets right down to the whole economic scene with the super rich , the 1 % , and then the other 99 % of us . " Smith said that when he bought his parents ' four-story brownstone in 1989 , he thought he 'd be lucky to one day get $ 450,000 for it . "  We passed that some time in the '90s , " he said . "  I 'm personally tired of moaning and groaning about being black , " he said . "  Here 's a case where it has its advantages -- for the first time tens of thousands , if not hundreds of thousands , of blacks can participate in American wealth creation . My God , that 's what this country is all about . " Referring to reports that Lee 's 9,000-square-foot mansion on Manhattan 's Upper East Side is on the market for $ 32 million , Smith said : "  Spike is a causative factor in gentrification . If Spike moves to a swamp ... that land next door goes up immediately . " But Smith does n't disagree entirely with Lee . "  I 've had incidents with the dogs of new owners crapping on the sidewalks . They do n't think anybody lives there , " he said , adding that most are "  wonderful new neighbors . " Lee did n't dispute to Cooper that gentrification brings rising home prices , but he worried about what became of the people who were priced out of the neighborhood . "  There 's good . But what cost ? If we lose half of the African-American population , in my neighborhood , Fort Greene , and the schools become better , what happened to half the people that left ? " And he was angry that city services improved when the neighborhood profile changed . "  I just find it interesting you have to have an influx of white New Yorkers to move into these neighborhoods for the services to go up , for the schools to be better , " he told CNN . "  They get better sanitation , get more police protection . Why did n't that happened before gentrification ? We 're still paying taxes . We 're still New Yorkers . " Spike Lee slams the Jason Collins hate machine	Filmmaker Spike Lee rips into questioner during speech Lee riled about New York gentrification and hipsters Urban policy professor asks : Does Lee want New York to be Detroit ? D.K. Smith , the questioner , says "  What I wanted to do was expand the dialogue "
CNN  -- The presidents of the two Sudans concluded talks Sunday aimed at addressing outstanding economic , oil and security issues after tensions between the two nations nearly led to a return to war . Talks between Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir and his South Sudan counterpart Salva Kiir concluded in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa , where the two agreed to temporary arrangements over a disputed oil-rich region claimed by both countries . The agreement called for the creation of temporary administrative and security arrangements for the Abyei region , including the creation of a police service and a limited governing council . Al-Bashir and Kiir agreed to reconvene another summit to discuss the final disposition of the disputed region . Sudan and South Sudan in 2013 : Rise or fall together South Sudan split from Sudan in 2011 as part of a peace deal that ended decades of war between the two sides . The war left nearly 2 million people dead . Soon after the split , tensions between the old foes escalated over outstanding issues , coming close to an all-out war in April . South Sudan shut off its oil supply last year , accusing Sudan of stealing oil revenue . The South got about 70 % of the formerly united country 's reserves when it became independent last year . Both countries have seen hyperinflation and a squeeze on incoming foreign currency as a result of the shutdown . Read more : Coup attempt disrupted , Sudanese government says In September , the leaders signed a deal to resume the nation 's oil operations , but failed to address other key disputes between the recently divorced countries . In addition to a deal to restart oil exports from South Sudan , the two presidents agreed on a demilitarized zone and principles of border demarcation . However , they failed at that meeting to reach a deal on the status of Abyei . Neither country implemented the agreements from that meeting . CNN 's Faith Karimi and David McKenzie contributed to this report .	The presidents of the two Sudans agreed to temporary arrangements with Abyei Abyei is a disputed oil-rich region claimed by both countries As part of the agreement , there will be a police service and an administrative council
Seventy-four passengers trapped aboard an expedition vessel in the Antarctic for nearly a week will have to wait even longer as a rescue ship slowly makes its way through thick ice and snow . The Australian icebreaker ship Aurora Australis was 11 nautical miles away from the Russian-flagged Akademik Shokalskiy early Monday , according to the Australian Maritime Safety Authority . "  It 's hard to tell if it makes it through , " said Lisa Martin , a spokeswoman for AMSA . "  There are snow showers in the area that are causing bad visibility ; conditions are deteriorating . " Visibility was only about 200 meters  656 feet  , not enough to assess whether the ice breaker can cut through . "  It 's a wait-and-see operation . It 's a very complex situation , " Martin said . This attempt by the Aurora Australis follows one by the Chinese icebreaker Xue Long , or Snow Dragon , which was just six nautical miles away from the trapped vessel when it could n't get any closer due to unusually thick ice . The Snow Dragon went back to open water but remains in the area to provide support , said Andrea Hayward-Maher , another spokeswoman for the AMSA . The Chinese ship has a helicopter on board that could assist in evacuation . "  We are waiting on the Aurora Australis to tell us if it can make its way through the ice . If it ca n't , then we will be shifting towards the helicopter , and obviously that is weather dependent , " Martin said . A French icebreaker was also en route to assist , but AMSA called off that vessel 's mission Saturday after it became clear that ship would n't get farther than the Chinese boat . Also , the French and Chinese ships can break ice only about 1 meter  3.3 feet  thick , whereas the Australian ship can pierce through floe about 1.35 meters  4.4 feet  thick . "  Some reports say that the ice is at least 2 meters  6.6 feet  deep . It 's a possibility that the Aurora Australis might not be able to break through that type of ice , " Hayward-Maher said . Chipper updates continue Throughout the week trapped passengers have been giving mostly positive updates via YouTube , greeting family members and telling everyone that they 're having a great time . "  It 's my birthday today -- it could n't be a better day to have a birthday with my 80-something new friends , " one female passenger declared cheerfully while standing on the ice in front of the stranded vessel . "  This afternoon we 're gon na have some singing on the ice , which should be fantastic as well , " another female passenger adds . "  It 's absolutely spectacular here ; it 's like this magical winter wonderland , " she declares with a smile as she waves her arms to point out the vast expanse of snow and a foggy sky . The group continues to do research and finds activities to stay occupied , but there is growing concern that blizzard conditions could worsen over the coming days , according to expedition leader Chris Turney , an Australian professor of climate change . Extreme conditions The rescue icebreakers were battling the planet 's coldest environment while trying to reach the Akademik Shokalskiy ship , whose 74 researchers , crew and tourists remained in good condition despite being at a frozen standstill since last Monday . "  The vessel is fine , it 's safe and everyone on board is very well , " Turney said . "  Morale is really high . " The ship got stuck in the ice 15 days after setting out on the second leg of its research trip . According to Turney , a professor at the University of New South Wales , the ship was surrounded by ice up to nearly 10 feet  3 meters  thick . It was about 100 nautical miles east of the French base Dumont D'Urville , about 1,500 nautical miles south of Hobart , Tasmania . On Christmas morning , the ship sent a satellite distress signal after conditions failed to clear . The crew had a "  great Christmas " despite their situation , Turney told CNN . He said crew members have used the delay to get more work done . "  We 've just kept the team busy , " he said . The expedition is trying to update scientific measurements taken by an Australian expedition led by Douglas Mawson that set out in 1911 . The expedition to gauge the effects of climate change on the region began November 27 . The second and current leg of the trip started December 8 and was scheduled to conclude with a return to New Zealand on January 4 . Turney said the ship should still be back in New Zealand on time . Century-old photo negatives found in Antarctic explorer 's hut	An Australian icebreaker is now 11 nautical miles away It 's not clear yet if it can break through the ice , Australian official says A Chinese ship ca n't break the ice but is staying nearby in case of helicopter evacuations Any helicopter rescue of 74 tourists and scientists on board will depend on weather
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The British Museum plans to display a statue of supermodel Kate Moss that it bills as the largest gold statue built since ancient Egypt . The statue of Kate Moss will be displayed in the British Museum in a gallery holding anicent Greek sculpture . Called "  Siren , " the statue will be part of a group of major sculptures by leading British artists to go on display at the museum in October , the museum announced . The museum says the artist , Marc Quinn , claims it 's the largest gold statue since ancient Egypt . His previous work included the marble sculpture Alison Lapper Pregnant , which appeared on a plinth in London 's Trafalgar Square . The Kate Moss statue , weighing 50kg , will be displayed in a gallery of the museum that houses ancient Greek sculpture . The museum calls it a "  fitting setting " for the statue of Moss , "  interacting with the great Greek beauties that surround it . " Moss , whose slight frame was at the forefront of the waif look in the mid-1990s , is now nearly as well known for her celebrity lifestyle as her modeling career . The one-time girlfriend of British rocker Pete Doherty is a tabloid newspaper and celebrity magazine favorite , and now dates Kills guitarist Jamie Hince . She has recently mixed her modeling work with designing collections for the British clothing giant , Topshop . Other artists exhibiting include Damien Hirst , who most recently created a $ 100 million diamond-covered skull , and Angel of the North creator Anthony Gormley . The exhibit is expected to run from October 4 through January 25 , 2009 .	Statue of Kate Moss billed as largest gold statue built since ancient Egypt Called "  Siren , " the statue will be on display at the British Museum Moss statue will be displayed in gallery housing ancient Greek sculpture
CNN  -- When it comes to the richest horse race on the European circuit , the girls are definitely beating the boys . Treve became the third successive filly to win the $ 5.4 million Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in Paris on Sunday , following in the example of Solemia and Danedream , plus Zarkava in 2008 . The French-bred three-year-old romped to the fifth successive race win of her career , beating Japanese favorite Orfevre by five lengths at Longchamp . Jockey Thierry Jarnet made the most of his late call-up as replacement for Frankie Dettori , who broke his ankle on Wednesday , as the 46-year-old captured his third Arc -- and first since 1994 . "  It was a different era when I was riding for Andre Fabre and I 'm just pleased to show I can still be effective , " Jarnet said . "  This is beautiful , more in a way for the filly than for myself , as I have a strong affinity with her . " Trained by Criquette Head-Maarek , who in 1979 became the first woman to prepare an Arc winner , Treve is owned by Qatar 's Sheikh Joaan Bin Hamad Al Thani . "  I want to say thank you to Frankie Dettori as he rode an amazing race on her in the Prix Vermeille . I said to save her for today and he did , " Head-Maarek said of Treve , which also won last month 's Grade One warmup race to be only the sixth horse to complete that double . "  I am sorry he is not here today . The way she won was incredible . She was wide the whole way and was traveling so easily the jockey just said he just let her go . "  I 'm surprised how well she won , as we 've never pushed her . I thought she had six gears , but today she put the seventh one on . " Treve 's connections said her triumph came despite running with "  her nose the the wind . " "  The right horse always manages to get herself out of difficult situations , " Jarnet said . Breeder Alec Head added : "  It is extraordinary ! She had the worst possible race and yet won brilliantly . What a filly ! I have trained good horses , but ones like that ... " It was another disappointment for the thousands of Japanese fans who again flocked to Longchamp , with Orfevre falling short for the second year in a row "  Treve took off at the 350 and we could n't follow her , " said his Belgian jockey Christophe Soumillon . "  I was hoping she would stop , but she did n't . I 'm very sorry for the Japanese fans , owners and trainers who want to win this beautiful race and keep finishing second . " Another Japanese hopeful , Kizuna , was fourth behind Fabre 's German-bred , French-trained Intello .	Treve wins Europe 's biggest racing prize , the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe French filly wins by five lengths from Japanese favorite Orfevre It is the third year in a row that a filly has beaten the colts at l'Arc Orfevre was also runner-up last year , disappointing the visiting Japanese fans
Beijing  CNN  -- An acrid blanket of gray shrouded the Chinese capital for a third day Sunday , leading to a rare smog warning as the index hit record levels . Data show air quality index soared past the highest level of 500 . Anything past that is regarded as "  beyond index . " As the number soared , the streets got emptier . The sun , peeking shyly behind the hazy blanket , was barely visible . Authorities warned residents to cut down on outdoor activities and take shelter indoors . Reports of respiratory problems -- and sale of masks -- skyrocketed , according to state media . The U.S. Embassy in Beijing recorded an index of over 700 on Saturday , but the number had lowered by Sunday . Read more : Which city has best quality of life ? Beijing residents say pollution is worsening despite authorities ' assertions that air quality has improved since the city hosted the 2008 Olympic Games . Last year , heavy haze and smog forced the cancellation of almost 700 flights at Beijing airports . The city is comparable to Los Angeles , another gray city , according to experts . "  With their difficult meteorological conditions and a large number of pollution sources , addressing pollution is a long-term and difficult task , " Deborah Seligsohn , adviser of the World Resources Institute , said last year . The agency runs a climate energy and pollution program in China . Los Angeles has battled air pollution since the 1950s , well before U.S. national regulation , according to Seligsohn . "  Stilll in the 1970s , 20 years later , it was famous for its smog , " she said . "  In the 40-plus years since the Clean Air Act was passed , L.A. has never been fully in compliance with EPA standards , even though it has continued to improve . " Read more : China must come clean on pollution European Commission figures show that China produced 9.7 million kilotons of carbon dioxide while the United States had 5.42 million kilotons in 2011 , the latest available numbers . The weekend 's pollution levels have prompted an "  orange fog " warning in Beijing because of diminished visibility , according to state-run Xinhua news agency . "  Pollutants have gradually accumulated over the course of recent windless days , making the air quality even worse , " said Zhu Tong , an environmental sciences professor at Peking University told news agency . Beijing will remain covered in gray until Wednesday , when the wind will sweep in to the rescue and blow the smog away , according to state media . CNN 's Steven Jiang reported from Beijing , Elizabeth Yuan wrote from Hong Kong and Faith Karimi from Atlanta	NEW : Beijing recording "  hazardous " levels of air pollution Monday NEW : Children in worst-hit areas ordered to stop outdoor sports activities Reports of respiratory problems -- and sale of masks -- skyrocket The U.S. Embassy in Beijing records an index of over 700 on Sunday
New York  CNN  -- Protests cropping up in more than a dozen American cities prompted President Barack Obama to discuss the phenomenon Thursday by saying demonstrators "  are giving voice " to those frustrated "  about how our financial system works . " Speaking at a White House news conference , Obama also defended the country 's financial sector , which appears to have taken the brunt of protester criticism , focusing on Wall Street and its regulators ' purported role in widening economic disparities . "  We have to have a strong , effective financial sector in order for us to grow , " the president said Thursday . Still , Obama discussed a need to pursue action aimed at improving government oversight and blamed the financial sector and Republican lawmakers for obstructing reforms . "  Not only did the financial sector , with the Republican party in Congress , fight us every step of the way , " but now the "  same folks " are suggesting that the country should "  roll back reforms " and go back to "  the way it was " before the financial crisis . Rep. Paul Ryan said Thursday that limiting federal spending was pivotal to boosting the economy . The Wisconsin Republican also urged the government to lower taxes to promote U.S.-friendly businesses and spur economic growth . Vice President Joe Biden also weighed in , comparing the protestors to the origins of the tea party , a grass-roots political movement that has advocated reductions in government spending and efforts to curb corruption . "  What is the core of that protest ? And why is it increasing in terms of the people it 's attracting ? " Biden asked rhetorically . "  The core is the bargain has been breached with the American people . " He added that "  there 's a lot in common with the tea party . " The two movements have drawn commentary from liberal and radical conservatives , who in both cases have said there is something fundamentally wrong with America 's financial and political systems . Thursday marked the 20th day of Occupy Wall Street protests , now a series of grass-roots demonstrations against income inequality , corporate greed and a list of other often loosely defined social ills . Overheard on CNN.com : Your take on the protests New York authorities set up at least one vehicle checkpoint as police appeared in larger numbers throughout the financial district and established a perimeter around Zuccotti Park , which is considered a rallying point for the largely leaderless movement in that city . "  We hope that our message continues to resonate with everyone who has felt disenfranchised by the current state of our country , " said Tyler Combelic , a spokesman for the Occupy Wall Street group . He said they plan to "  continue the protest until the message reaches every house in the United States . " What that message is remains largely unclear . Meanwhile , hundreds turned out in downtown Philadelphia near City Hall in a similar demonstration . Crowds also gathered in the Texas cities of San Antonio , Austin , Houston and Dallas , while more protests cropped up in Portland , Oregon ; San Francisco , Seattle and Tampa , Florida . Like-minded university students staged walk-outs a day before on college campuses such as North Carolina State University and the University of Massachusetts-Amherst . And still more demonstrations took place Thursday in Jersey City , New Jersey , and Los Angeles , where police say 10 people were arrested for trespassing on Bank of America property . In the nation 's capital , a war protest on Thursday -- scheduled the day before the 10-year anniversary of the U.S.-led invasion of Afghanistan -- quickly turned their concerns to economics . Several hundred set to demonstrate against wars in Iraq and Afghanistan also echoed the voices of protesters in other cities , even bringing their rally to in front of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce building . A day before , thousands marched in Lower Manhattan shouting slogans and waving placards as they meandered from Zuccotti Park to Foley Square near City Hall . That event turned violent later Wednesday evening , as some protesters scuffled with police , resulting in the arrest of 23 people for various offenses . One of them is charged with assaulting a police officer . Video taken by various news agencies showed police officers wielding batons and forcing protesters to the ground as the officers made arrests . Other videos emerged on You Tube and other Internet sites , showing police officers swinging batons at demonstrators . Still , it was not clear what prompted the exchanges . The city 's Deputy Police Commissioner Paul J. Browne said five people were detained after charging a police line . The majority of Wednesday 's protests , however , were peaceful and appeared buoyed by the support of local unions , including the United Federation of Teachers , Transport Workers Union and the United Auto Workers . The broader protest campaign -- which uses the hashtag #occupywallstreet on the microblogging site Twitter -- began in July with the launch of a campaign website calling for a march and sit-in at the New York Stock Exchange . While the fledgling movement since has struggled to define its mission , its participants have generally agreed in their criticism of the country 's wealthiest 1 % and their purported influence . The protests seemed to gain momentum after a September 24 pepper spray incident involving demonstrators and police . And last Saturday , police arrested hundreds as they marched across a roadway leading to the Brooklyn Bridge , blocking city traffic for hours . Social media sites such as Twitter seemed to be spurring similar protests elsewhere , though in vastly smaller numbers than those in New York . That includes dozens who gathered in Boston ; Hartford , Connecticut ; and Savannah , Georgia . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Carey Bodenheimer , Ross Levitt and Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	NEW : Vice President Biden likens "  Occupy Wall Street " protesters to the tea party NEW : Republican Rep. Paul Ryan says lower taxes are needed to bolster the economy NEW : 10 demonstrators are arrested in Los Angeles for trespassing Similar protests have cropped up in more than a dozen cities
CNN  -- Laurie Fine , the wife of a former Syracuse University assistant basketball coach accused of molesting ball boys , plans to sue ESPN and two of the network 's reporters for libel in a federal court , her lawyers said Wednesday . A draft of the lawsuit says sports journalists Mark Schwarz and Arthur Berko "  spitefully destroyed Laurie Fine 's reputation in an attempt to capitalize financially in the tragic wake of the Penn State sex abuse scandal . " It says Fine 's reputation was ruined by the malicious publication of false and defamatory accusations . In response , ESPN backed its stories . "  The suit is without merit and we stand by our reporting , " the sports programming network said . Fine broke her months-long silence Wednesday to talk about the accusations against her . "  I 'm here today as a wife and a mother who has had to endure the trauma of being smeared in the public as a monster , " she said at a news conference . "  My life has been destroyed by the defamation I have suffered , and this will last a lifetime . " Fine called the lawsuit the first step to restore her reputation . "  I have never engaged in or condone despicable conduct falsely reported by ESPN , " she said . "  They have maliciously attacked me in order to attack my husband . " The ESPN reporting has forced her to live in seclusion and impaired her ability to volunteer in the community , she said . "  They should apologize and retract these horrible lies , " she said . Among the false accusations Fine alleges in the lawsuit are : â $ cents Creating a space in which children could be sexually molested in secret . â $ cents Witnessing her husband sexually molest children , but not doing anything to stop it . â $ cents Knowingly permitting the sexual molestation of children in her home . Her husband , Bernie Fine , was fired from Syracuse in November after several ball boys came forward and said the basketball coach molested them . Bernie Fine has not been charged with a crime . He has maintained his innocence , saying shortly after the allegations surfaced that they were "  patently false in every aspect . " Bobby Davis and his stepbrother , Mike Lang , who are former Syracuse ball boys , were the first to step forward publicly last year with allegations against Fine . Another man , Zachary Tomaselli , made similar accusations later , filed a lawsuit and then admitted that he made up the story . A prison inmate , Floyd "  David " VanHooser , also made the same allegations , only to recant them . The draft lawsuit details the Fines ' relationship with Davis . "  The Fines mentored Davis when he got in trouble , " it says . "  Rather than humiliating him in front of Laurie or their other children , Bernie often came home from work , and sternly spoke to him , in private , as if he were his own teenage son . "  Davis was family , and when he messed up , the Fines made sure he learned from his poor decisions , even if that required occasional parental corporal punishment and reprimanding . " It says that the Fines gave Davis money but that he took advantage of their generosity by making up "  countless stories " to "  gain the Fines ' sympathy and justify his requests for money . " When Davis told Laurie Fine that her husband had sexually molested him , the draft says , "  Laurie ` went off ' on Davis because Davis finally crossed the line . " "  Bernie assured Laurie that it was just another one of Davis ' fabricated stories , " the draft says . "  Laurie would patiently suffer Davis ' vilification of her husband with the hope that Davis would eventually outgrow the lies and his dependency upon her family for financial support . " Laurie Fine made headlines last year when ESPN and the Post-Standard newspaper in Syracuse released details of a 10-year-old taped conversation with Davis that appeared to show she knew about her husband 's alleged sexual abuse . In the tape , the woman that ESPN , citing experts , identified as Laurie Fine said she knew "  everything that went on " with her husband , adding that "  he thinks he 's above the law . " "  Bernie has issues ... and you trusted somebody you should n't , " the woman said , speaking to Davis . The woman appears to acknowledge an inappropriate sexual relationship between Davis and Bernie Fine , saying , "  It 's just wrong , and you were a kid . " She also said that her husband should "  find  himself  a gay boy , get your rocks off . " The lawsuit refers to that recording as "  an admittedly doctored , substantially inaudible , and entirely speculative tape , which Davis purported to be a recoding of a telephone conversation between he and Laurie in 2002 . " ESPN changed the audio quality , produced only portions of the tape and presented it out of context "  such that the tape seriously misleads and misrepresents the conversation that occurred , " said Lawrence Fisher , Laurie Fine 's attorney . Laurie Fine 's nephew , Matt Govendo , said at the time that the voice on the tape was his aunt 's but that the tape was "  all tampered with . " Last week , a New York State Supreme Court justice dismissed a defamation lawsuit against Syracuse University longtime head basketball coach Jim Boeheim . The suit was filed in December by Davis and Lang . Boeheim initially supported Fine , a longtime friend and colleague , accusing Lang and Davis of fabricating their accusations of Fine 's alleged misconduct . The coach later apologized for his comments . Justice Brian DeJoseph of the Onondaga County Supreme Court ruled that the initial statements made to media outlets by Boeheim "  were likely to be an opinion -- a biased , passionate , and defensive point of view of a basketball coach -- rather than objective fact . Thus , plaintiff 's defamation claim against Boeheim fails as a matter of law . "	NEW : Laurie Fine wants ESPN to apologize and retract its reporting NEW : Her reputation has been ruined by false reports , she says Laurie Fine plans to sue ESPN and two reporters , says they destroyed her reputation Four men have accused Bernie Fine of abuse ; tape dragged Laurie Fine into the story in 2011
Beijing , China  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama huddled with the Chinese premier Wednesday on the final day of his visit to China . Obama 's meeting with Prime Minister Wen Jiabao took place at the Diaoyutai State Guest House , continuing a theme of cooperation between the two nations and development of mutual interests . The men greeted each other in public before meeting privately . The White House hailed this week 's meetings between Obama and Chinese leaders . "  President Obama 's visit to China has demonstrated the depth and breadth of the global and other challenges where US-China cooperation is critical , " a White House statement said Wednesday . "  His discussions with President Hu have strengthened possibilities for future cooperation . "  In order to continue to develop this important relationship , President Obama has invited President Hu to visit the United States in 2010 . President Hu has accepted with pleasure . " During his final hours in China , Obama visited the Great Wall before flying to South Korea , where he will meet with President Lee Myung-bak . Obama described the Great Wall as "  spectacular , " as a bone-chilling wind whipped around him . "  It gives you a perspective on a lot of day to day things that do n't amount to much . " Asked if the harsh weather reminded him of his home town , Chicago , he said , "  It does feel the same does n't it ? " His day began with a series of short interviews with American television networks . Wednesday 's session with Wen follows Obama 's meeting a day earlier with Chinese President Hu Jintao , with the two speaking of a common vision of shared responsibilities and economic opportunities after their talks . Trade , nuclear proliferation and the sticky issue of human rights were part of their discussions . The two leaders "  talked about continuing to build a positive , cooperative and comprehensive relationship between our nations , " according to Obama , who said he welcomes China 's desire for a greater role in world affairs . "  China and the United States share extensive common interests and broad prospects for cooperation on a series of major issues important to mankind 's peace and stability and development , " Hu said , naming the economy , climate change and cultural exchanges among those issues . On economic and trade issues , Hu called for Beijing and Washington to build a positive relationship in the 21st century , to build a partnership . "  Our two countries need to oppose and reject protectionism and all its manifestations , " Hu said . Sentiment favoring protectionism has grown in the United States , as hundreds of billions of dollars in Chinese products pour in each year . Some analysts say the Chinese goods are artificially cheap and come at the expense of American jobs . The issue of human rights has often been a sticking point between Beijing and Washington . China regularly cracks down on its religious and ethnic minorities . Though Hu said China was willing to discuss issues such as human rights and religion to broaden understanding between the nations , he acknowledged that each side had agreed to respect the other 's cultural sovereignty . In addition , China and the United States , the largest producers of greenhouse gases , have agreed to team up to fight climate change and create clean energy . Hu and Obama said their nations will cooperate to advance technologies and work toward a global agreement on reducing carbon emissions . The leaders did not offer a timeframe , however .	U.S. President Barack Obama meets Chinese premier on final day of his visit to China Obama visited the Great Wall before flying to South Korea U.S. , China agree to team up to fight climate change , create clean energy "  China and the United States share extensive common interests , " Hu says
CNN  -- A self-help expert said Tuesday that he has hired his own investigators to determine what happened at his Arizona retreat last week , when two people died after spending considerable time in a sweat lodge . Self-help author James Arthur Ray has hired investigators to investigate two deaths at an Arizona sweat lodge . Tuesday 's tearful speech before about 200 supporters was the first time that best-selling self-help author James Arthur Ray had publicly discussed the case . Authorities said James Shore of Milwaukee , Wisconsin , and Kirby Brown of Westtown , New York , died Friday at the Angel Valley Resort after spending up to two hours in the sauna-like sweat lodge . Nineteen others were treated for injuries . "  I have no idea what happened . We 'll figure it out , " Ray said , adding that he had hired investigators . "  I 've lost people I love and really care about . " Police are also investigating the incident at the central Arizona resort , located in a secluded valley 20 minutes from Sedona . Ray is the author of the best-selling book "  Harmonic Wealth : The Secret of Attracting the Life You Want . " Ray , described on his Web site as a "  personal success strategist , " has appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " and the "  Oprah Winfrey Show , " and is featured in the self-empowerment film "  The Secret . " On Tuesday , Ray told the crowd that he is struggling with the deaths . "  These are challenging times , " he said . "  I 've faced many ; none like this . I do n't know how to deal with it really . " The use of sweat lodges for spiritual and physical cleansing is a part of several Native American tribes ' cultures . A traditional Native American sweat lodge is a small dome-like structure made up of willow branches carefully tied together and covered in canvas . Rocks are heated in a nearby fire pit and placed inside the lodge , and water is poured over them to create steam . CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	James Arthur Ray says he hired investigators to look into sweat lodge deaths Two dead , 19 injured at Ray 's retreat meant to provide for spiritual cleansing Ray : "  I have no idea what happened "
A male U.S. citizen who contracted the Ebola virus in Sierra Leone arrived Tuesday at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . The patient could be seen walking , apparently with some help from one person , into the facility . The patient , whose name has not been released publicly , was taken from Africa in an air ambulance . The State Department described the patient as a U.S. citizen . On Monday , the World Health Organization said a doctor working for the agency in an Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone tested positive for the virus . WHO would not reveal the doctor 's nationality nor where he or she would be evacuated to for treatment . WHO officials would not say whether the doctor is the American Ebola patient , citing a confidentiality policy . Last month , two Americans infected with Ebola were flown to Atlanta after being given an experimental drug to fight the virus in Liberia . They were treated at the Emory hospital for several weeks before being released . Other American improves Another American doctor infected with Ebola arrived in Nebraska for treatment last week . Doctors on Tuesday said that Dr. Rick Sacra 's condition continues to improve . "  We are pleased with his progress , " said Phil Smith , medical director at the Biocontainment Unit at the Nebraska Medical Center . "  His lab values are improving and he 's becoming more alert and interactive . We continue to be encouraged by what we 're seeing up to this point . " Sacra 's family said more of his personality has emerged each day . They speak with him on a regular basis through video conferencing . The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which refers to virus types that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding . Humans contract Ebola through contact with the bodily fluids of infected animals or the bodily fluids of infected humans . No vaccine or medicine has been proved to cure the disease , but the first human trial of an experimental Ebola vaccine began last week . Ebola by the numbers More than 4,200 cases of Ebola have been reported since the first documented case in December , WHO has said  pdf  Tuesday . Of those cases , there have been more than 2,200 fatalities . The official numbers are believed to be dramatically under-reported . More than 40 % of the cases have been diagnosed in the past three weeks , the agency said . This is considered the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history . The bulk of the cases are in Guinea , Liberia , Sierra Leone . Infected people have also turned up in Nigeria and Senegal . WHO said Monday the rapid spread of the virus in Liberia shows no sign of slowing . "  The number of new cases is increasing exponentially , " WHO said , calling the situation a "  dire emergency with ... unprecedented dimensions of human suffering . " It 's a crisis unlike any other during previous Ebola outbreaks , according to WHO . Taxis packed with families who fear they 've contracted the deadly virus crisscross the Liberian capital , searching for a place where they can be treated , WHO said . But there are no free beds . "  As soon as a new Ebola treatment facility is opened , it immediately fills to overflowing with patients , " the U.N. group said . U.S. sending additional help To help ease some of the burden on West Africa 's already over-taxed medical system , the U.S. announced Tuesday it will send $ 10 million additional funds . That 's in addition to the $ 100 million the U.S. has already sent to help fight the outbreak . USAID also announced it will make $ 75 million extra available . The new funds will pay for transportation and support to send 100 more health care workers to help fight the epidemic . The staff will run Ebola treatment units . The staff will be sent to Liberia , Nigeria , Guinea and Sierra Leone . The WHO and several nonprofit agencies on the ground have repeatedly called for the international community to send additional trained help . If you are a trained nurse , physician assistant or doctor who wants to help , USAID has created a website where people can sign up to help . USAID funding has already provided 130,000 sets of personal protective equipment , 50,000 hygiene kits , and 1,000 new beds .	An American Ebola patient arrives at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta Patient is a U.S. citizen who got Ebola in Sierra Leone , State Department says An air ambulance transported the patient to Atlanta
CNN  -- And we thought Christian Bale 's Batman was buff . Director Zack Snyder showed off his version of the crime-fighting superhero Tuesday on Twitter with the first images of Ben Affleck as Batman in the upcoming sequel to "  Man of Steel . " Snyder teased on Monday that a reveal of the Batmobile was coming , but he snuck in a look at Affleck as a surprise . The project , which is being referred to as "  Batman vs. Superman , " is the first time the two superheroes will be on the big screen together . Henry Cavill , who bore the "  S " on his chest for "  Man of Steel , " will again play the man from Krypton . Given how controversial Affleck 's casting was , it 's no surprise that critics have been eager to weigh in . But to some , it was n't as bad as they thought it would be . What do you think of Affleck as the new Dark Knight ? Snyder 's "  Man of Steel " sequel is scheduled to arrive in theaters in May 2016 .	Director Zack Snyder tweets image of Ben Affleck as new Batman The casting of Affleck in "  Man of Steel " sequel has sparked controversy The film is expected in 2016
Washington  CNN  -- Most Americans will feel the impact of forced budget cuts when their lives intersect with government -- trying to get through airport security to make a flight , visiting a national park , or using federal programs or assistance . Congress can avert the automatic cuts , called sequester , if it compromises on a deficit-reduction plan before the March 1 deadline . But time is running out . No deal would set in motion some $ 85 billion in spending reductions that would be phased in through the end of the fiscal year , September 30 . Talk Back : Who 's to blame for forced spending cuts ? Both the House and Senate are on their President 's Day break and will have four days to negotiate when they return next week . Congress extended the deadline for action at the start of the year when Vice President Joe Biden and Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell agreed to defer the cuts for two months . Here 's where most Americans will feel their impact if sequester takes effect : National parks Expect closed gates at some national parks as the National Park Service would lose $ 110 million from its annual budget . This could also lead to shorter hours , fewer employees , and possible closure of camping and hiking spaces . Even the most popular national parks , such as Yellowstone and the Grand Canyon , would n't be spared . By the Numbers : Automatic spending cuts Airport security and air traffic Proposed cuts to the Transportation Security Administration could mean trouble for air travel . The wait at airport security checkpoints could increase by at least an hour due to furloughed TSA screeners , who check passengers and cargo for bombs , guns and other prohibited items . It could take longer to get through customs as well . The Federal Aviation Administration manages air traffic at more than 400 commercial airports and cuts raise the possibility of flight delays , especially at crowded airports . The agency has preemptively warned its 47,000 workers of furloughs for one day every two weeks through September . Like the TSA , any furloughs would begin in late April or early May , the start of the busy summer travel season . Budget cuts will mean more time at the airport Education The Department of Education budget would also be trimmed . Proposed spending cuts would do the most damage to educational programs that heavily serve low income families . About 70,000 children could be forced out of Head Start , which promotes school readiness for children from birth to age 5 . Further cuts to the education budget would also mean less money for schools and districts nationwide . The real impact of automatic spending cuts and why they may happen after all Public Health While Medicare and Medicaid will be protected , primary and preventive care , like flu vaccinations , could be closed off to hundreds of thousands of Americans . Cuts to mental health funding will leave over 350,000 Americans untreated . Food and workplace safety is also in danger . The Occupational Safety and Health Administration , which ensures safe workplaces and investigates accidents on the job would lose about 1,200 inspections , diminishing its oversight . The forced cuts could also affect food safety -- there could be up to 2,100 fewer food inspections if the cuts are implemented . This could lead to a shortage of meat in our markets , as the sale of unchecked meat is prohibited . Blind budget cuts , explained with a tomato Crime and justice Federal prosecutors will have to close some cases if cuts are imposed . Federal courts will see a quarter of their employees furloughed and jury trials could be suspended because there will be no money to pay juries . The Department of Homeland Security could lose up to 5,000 agents at the border and the Pentagon would furlough thousands of defense workers . According to FBI Director Robert Mueller , the FBI would lose 2,285 employees . Federal worker furloughs could start in April Unemployment benefits Long term unemployed also stand to lose big . Under the proposed spending cuts , benefits are expected to decrease by 10 % or , on average , $ 400 a month . This cut will affect 3.8 million Americans , who use these benefits to pay for food and housing while trying to find jobs in a damaged economy . The proposed cuts will also limit resources at job finding centers , a move the could heavily damage the livelihood of those who are already struggling . Unemployed would lose benefits if federal budget cuts go through	The National Park Service would lose $ 110 million from its annual budget Fewer TSA employees manning busy airports could increase security wait About 70,000 children could be kicked out of Head Start Primary and preventive care could be closed off to hundreds of thousands of Americans
CNN  -- Rescuers have yet to find any survivors or bodies Saturday after a landslide that buried 83 workers at a gold mine in the Tibet Autonomous Region , reported Xinhua , the Chinese state-run news agency . The likelihood of the miners ' survival of the Friday landslide are slim , a government spokesperson was quoted in the Xinhua report . Rescue efforts are ongoing , despite being hindered by additional minor landslides and altitude sickness . The mining site is located at 4,600 meters , which is 15,092 feet . Cold temperatures falling to -3 degrees Celsius  26 degrees Fahrenheit  have hampered the sniffer dogs ' sense of smell and their ability to trace the trapped miners , the news agency reported . The incident occurred Friday , about 6 a.m. in Maizhokunggar County , east of Lhasa , the regional capital . The landslide extended three kilometers  almost two miles  and was made up of about 2 million cubic meters  2.6 million cubic yards  of mud , rock and other debris , according to Xinhua . The victims , including two Tibetans , were workers from Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co. Ltd. , a subsidiary of the China National Gold Group Corp. , the news agency said . CNN 's Lonzo Cook contributed to this report	Rescuers seek 83 miners after massive landslide in Tibet Autonomous Region No survivors or bodies have been found yet ; Rescue efforts ongoing Likelihood of miners ' survival are slim , says government official
CNN  -- So , Gary Oldman , tell us what you really think . In a raw interview with Playboy , the actor , 56 , railed against Hollywood "  dishonesty " and double standards , said that Mel Gibson and Alec Baldwin have been victims of hypocrisy and asserted that not voting for "  12 Years a Slave " to win an Oscar meant "  you were a racist . " Oh , and he does n't like the Golden Globes , helicopter parents or reality TV , either . Indeed , the "  Dark Knight " actor , who 's starring in the forthcoming "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes , " pulled no punches when talking about pretty much anything . The conversation will appear in the magazine 's July/August issue . The Gibson and Baldwin affairs really angered him , he said , because he believes their accusers do n't exactly have clean hands themselves . "  I do n't know about Mel . He got drunk and said a few things , but we 've all said those things . We 're all f *** ing hypocrites , " Oldman said . "  The policeman who arrested him has never used the word ` n ***** ' or ` that f *** ing Jew ' ? I 'm being brutally honest here . It 's the hypocrisy of it that drives me crazy . "  Mel Gibson is in a town that 's run by Jews and he said the wrong thing because he 's actually bitten the hand that I guess has fed him -- and does n't need to feed him anymore because he 's got enough dough , " Oldman continued . "  But some Jewish guy in his office somewhere has n't turned and said , ` That f *** ing kraut ' or ` F *** those Germans , ' whatever it is ? We all hide and try to be so politically correct . That 's what gets me . It 's just the sheer hypocrisy of everyone . " Other Oldman tidbits : On reality TV : "  The museum of social decay . " On helicopter parents : "  There 's never any unsupervised play to develop skills or learn about hierarchy in a group or how to share . The kids honestly believe they are the center of the f *** ing universe . But then they get out into the real world and it 's like , 'S ** t , maybe it 's not all about me , ' and that leads to narcissism , depression and anxiety . " On political correctness at the Oscars : "  At the Oscars , if you did n't vote for '12 Years a Slave ' you were a racist . " On the Golden Globes : "  A meaningless event . ... It 's 90 nobodies having a wank . " If Oldman is hard on Hollywood and its people , he 's equally critical of himself . Asked about "  Sid & Nancy , " his breakthrough film , he said , "  I do n't like myself in the movie . " Ditto with "  The Fifth Element " and "  The Dark Knight . " "  It was work , " he said .  He did have kind things to say about the film "  Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy , " Francis Ford Coppola and "  Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban " director Alfonso Cuaron . As the interview continued , Oldman -- who described his politics as "  libertarian " -- recognized that he may have been a little too blunt . "  So this interview has gone very badly . You have to edit and cut half of what I 've said , because it 's going to make me sound like a bigot , " he said at one point "  You 're not a bigot ? " replied interviewer David Hochman . "  No , but I 'm defending all the wrong people , " Oldman said . "  I 'm saying Mel 's all right . Alec 's a good guy . So how do I come across ? Angry ? " "  Passionate , certainly , " Hochman said . "  Readers will have to form their own opinions . " "  It 's dishonesty that frustrates me most , " Oldman said . "  I ca n't bear double standards . It gets under my skin more than anything . "	Gary Oldman sounds off in Playboy interview Oldman says hypocrisy drives him crazy Hypocrisy and political correctness hurt Mel Gibson , Alec Baldwin , he said Oldman has little patience for Hollywood niceties
CNN  -- Elvis Presley . Marilyn Monroe . Jim Morrison . Officials wo n't say where Michael Jackson was buried , but family gathered at Forest Lawn Memorial Park . Their graves are public shrines for fans and followers . Countless people from all over the world make pilgrimages to their burial sites , hoping to draw close to those they adored from afar . Now Michael Jackson 's gravesite will become the next holy grail . A private gathering for the pop icon was held Tuesday at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Hollywood Hills , California . Afterward , his casket was taken to the public memorial service at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . But it remains unclear whether his body has been interred -- or where . Officials at Forest Lawn wo n't disclose where Jackson 's body is being buried . If his final resting place is at Forest Lawn , fans who wish to visit will have to overcome the funeral company 's stringent security patrols . A Los Angeles Police Department official told CNN that the force hoped Jackson would be buried outside of its jurisdiction for fear officers might be assigned to protect the grave for months . There has been some speculation that Jackson 's body will eventually be moved to Neverland Ranch in Santa Barbara County , California . But that would require the family to obtain zoning exemptions and settle legal disputes , which could take years . Jackson retained only a small share of ownership in the ranch . If a public memorial were created at Neverland -- or anywhere -- it might easily surpass the tombs of Marilyn Monroe and Elvis Presley as the most-visited gravesite . "  If it gets moved somewhere more public , I think a lot of people will come visit , " said Steve Goldstein , author of L.A. 's Gravesite Companion : Where the VIP 's RIP . "  He 'll probably take over as the most visited grave site over Marilyn . " Fame follows celebrities in life and in death . "  There 's always a fascination with celebrities , but it 's rude to stalk people and sit outside their houses , " says Jim Tipton , founder of findagrave.com , a site that lists the grave records of more than 34 million celebrities and ordinary citizens . "  But once they are interred into the ground , anyone who wants to go can go . " Tipton 's fascination with locating earthly remains began 15 years ago , when he saw mobster Al Capone 's grave in Mount Carmel Cemetery in Hillside , Illinois . He and many others who are avid about visiting celebrity and historical graves dub themselves "  grave hunters . " They seek the dead for various reasons . Some go out of simple curiosity . Others are history lovers . Many are fans who deeply admired the stars . Some say they feel a connection to the celebrities by standing beside their graves . At Elvis Presley 's Graceland in Memphis , Tennessee , guests visiting the grave can stay at the retro Heartbreak Hotel and visit the museum to learn more about the King of Rock and Roll . Westwood Memorial Park and Cemetery in Los Angeles houses Hollywood notables including sex symbol Marilyn Monroe and comic Rodney Dangerfield . The most recent celebrity to be buried there is actress Farrah Fawcett , who died of cancer last month . Visitors can access the cemetery easily , and even tour buses drop by . "  I 'm a product of that era , of Charlie 's Angels , " said Jayne Osborne , a self-proclaimed grave hunter who visited Fawcett 's grave a week ago . The 48-year-old education administrator began searching for celebrity graves in the early 1970s . Since then , she 's visited hundreds of celebrity resting places in Southern California . "  I wanted to pay my respect . " At Westwood , the most popular grave site remains Monroe 's . Fans often decorate her grave with flowers and cards . Her headstone is slightly darker than the others from so many fans touching it , grave hunters say . In Père-Lachaise , the largest cemetery in Paris , France , American singer Jim Morrison 's grave is tattooed with graffiti and artwork . Morrison fans like to leave candles , poems and gifts as tokens of appreciation . At one point , fans were so rowdy that a stone block was put in place in an attempt to seal the grave from fans trying to unearth it . After unsuccessful attempts by French authorities to move the tomb to another site , security officers were placed at the grave . Similar trouble plagued Rose Hill Cemetery in Macon , Georgia , where members of the Allman Brothers Band were buried in the early 1970s . Thousands of fans journeyed to visit the graves and party there , leaving behind cigarette butts and empty alcohol bottles . Relatives fought to have an iron fence erected around the graves . Some celebrity graves prove tempting to visitors , like that of heartthrob actor James Dean . His headstone in a public cemetery in Fairmount , Indiana , has been stolen twice . Forest Lawn Memorial Park remains one of the most exclusive Hollywood burial sites . The staff is tight lipped , refusing to release the whereabouts of anyone buried there , except to family members . Security cars constantly patrol the grounds . "  We do n't advocate or promote any visitation out of respect for the privacy of the family , " said William Martin , a spokesman for company . Company officials would n't say whether Jackson 's body was , or could be , tucked into one of the cemetery 's locked gardens where celebrities like Humphrey Bogart , Jean Harlow and Sammy Davis Jr. are laid to rest . If Jackson is buried in Forest Lawn , that wo n't stop fans and grave hunters from trying to sneak in , says Karen Fogarty , a paralegal from the San Fernando Valley area in California and an occasional celebrity grave hunter . "  It 's going to keep Forest Lawn on their toes , " she said .	Celebrities ' graves become public shrines for fans and followers Grave hunters say people will try visit Michael Jackson 's burial site Forest Lawn Memorial Park employees wo n't say whether Jackson 's body is there Funeral company has stringent security patrols .
CNN  -- Stumped on a tough decision ? New Web sites are there to help . Hunch , a site open to the public Monday , asks questions and helps people make decisions . Hunch , a site that launches for the public Monday , will consider your quandary by getting to know you , asking you a series of questions and then spitting out three decisions . Another site , Let Simon Decide , makes a similar attempt . Caterina Fake , co-founder of the photo-sharing community Flickr , says she created Hunch not because people need help with emotional decisions but because it 's too tough to find smart information online . You often have to replicate someone else 's research , which is a waste , she said . Tech bloggers seem to be pleased with the effort . "  For the most part , I was impressed , though it quickly became clear that Hunch is n't capable of magically making up your mind for you , " wrote Jason Kincaid , a reporter at TechCrunch , a technology blog . He called the site "  very clean and unintimidating . " Fake spoke with CNN about decision making , her nerdy past and the power of collective knowledge . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : Where did you get the idea for Hunch ? Fake : It 's a user-generated content site similar to Flickr , but the unit is not a photograph but a decision . And so it 's sort of a similar thing in that way . We kind of built the system so people can contribute to it . They can ask questions on there and suggest questions . And then you sort of codify it into a decision tree . CNN : So you 're answering questions about yourself ? Fake : Well , there are two components . So you answer questions about yourself , and there 's a little module that says things like , "  Alien abductions : real or fake ? " And what -LSB- Hunch -RSB- does is , it then puts together a profile of you , a taste profile . And then you can go into the system and ask it any question that 's in the system . So it 's things like , "  What HD-TV should I buy ? " or "  Where should I go to college ? " or , you know , "  Where should I eat in San Diego on a Saturday night ? " It could be just about anything . Once it kind of gets to know you , you can ask it questions , and then it gives an answer to you that it does n't give to anyone else . CNN : What are the downsides ? Fake : It depends on what the decision is . There is kind of an array of decisions that are too taste-oriented . Like , no matter how well we know you , we 're not going to know that your backyard is like 25 feet by 10 feet , versus 10 feet by 10 feet -LSB- for a person looking to buy a backyard grill -RSB- . You know what I 'm saying ? There 's no system that can get to know that . So what we try to do is narrow it down . So we ask you questions about your aesthetics or your beliefs or your politics or your demographic . CNN : What kind of decision-maker are you ? Fake : It 's really funny , because I think there 's a mistake that 's generally made with people asking about Hunch , and it 's that it 's solving people 's emotional problems . And it 's not . It 's solving people 's informational problems . I do n't have any problems making any decisions . I 've never had any problem making decisions , but when I go to Google and I 'm looking for information , say , about trademarks . I have to do all this research , and somebody has already done this research . CNN : So you see Hunch as a kind of search engine , almost ? Fake : No , it 's not a search engine . The feel of it is nothing like a search engine . It 's something new . CNN : How do you think collective knowledge online will change the way people live , or the way we interact with each other ? Fake : It 's like it 's an amazing period in the history of the Internet just in that way . ... We know more in the collective than we do in the individual . It becomes even more amazing when you extend that out to people outside your social network . Like , I do n't know anyone that has taken a yoga class in Romania . But I 'm sure that if I ended up in Romania , and I wanted to sign up for a yoga class that somebody in the world would know three places to recommend me . The information is out there in a sort of disorganized fashion . ... These systems that are kind of growing up now -- and Hunch hopefully is among them -- are able to take this sort of collective knowledge and make it easy for people to use and easy for people to access . CNN : Is there anything in your background that influences your belief in this collective knowledge idea ? Fake : I was a nerdy little girl . I played Dungeons and Dragons , and I had a little TRS-80 computer . It was really early on , I think it was , gosh , like 1994 when I first saw the Web , right ? So I went online , and I saw these people uploading pictures of , like , their cats . And I remember there was a video cam of ... the famous coffee pot at the IBM research center that uploaded every 5 minutes to show that the coffee pot was full or empty or whatever . And so the Internet struck me as this incredible thing where anybody -- like anybody -- could publish anything , and then anybody anywhere else in the world could read it . And I never got over that . There was kind of this wonder , this sense of wonder that I had about this incredible culture of generosity on the Web -- of all these people sharing stuff with each other . I 've always been so amazed by that . I love that . Like , I love that aspect of the Internet . That 's the thing that always seemed like it was magic to me . CNN : What are some cool Web sites that are flying under the radar right now ? Fake : Have you heard of Etsy ? CNN : Yeah , is that where people buy and sell art ? Fake : Yeah , it 's great . I think it 's gon na be like the next eBay . And I met those guys when they were really small . I 've been helping those guys since it was three kids in a dorm room . I love those guys . It 's one of my favorite companies . It has that same kind of ethic -LSB- as Hunch -RSB- : the power of the individual . There are like these housewives in the Midwest who had no idea they could make a living making Christmas ornaments or whatever . It 's just kind of an amazing thing that can only happen on the Internet .	CNN talks with Caterina Fake , founder of a Web site that makes decisions Hunch.com asks you questions and then suggests answers Fake says Hunch works best for informational problems , not emotional dilemmas Fake 's philosophy : "  We know more in the collective than we do in the individual "
CNN  -- Beijing police have significantly stepped up security measures in China 's capital , in what the country 's state media described as "  an escalation of anti-terror efforts " following a string of attacks . Beijing has deployed more than 1,300 armed police officers and 150 patrol vehicles throughout the city at major intersections , according to Xinhua , China 's state-run news agency . Each armed vehicle , comprised of nine police members and four assistants , are expected to cover a three-kilometer  1.86 mile  radius and respond to any incident within three minutes . The presence of these armed vehicles were called a "  deterrent to terrorists , " according to Xinhua . Such visible measures come as China reels from several bloody bomb and knife attacks in rail stations over the past few months . Reaction to attacks Separate incidents , in Kunming in March , where 29 were killed and 130 injured in knife attacks , as well as in Urumqi -- where three were killed and 79 hurt -- at the end of April and in the southern city of Guangzhou a few days later , with a further six injured , have highlighted the seriousness of the situation . Last year in October Tiananmen Square , Beijing 's iconic tourist destination , was the site of another alleged terrorist attack , when two Uyghurs crashed a jeep in the Square . Five were killed and dozens injured in the incident . China 's Minister of Public Security , Guo Shengkun , recently advocated hardline tactics against potential terror attacks . "  We should keep the pressure on and dare to strike heavy blows ... and firmly foil such plans before they become realities , " the minister was quoted in the state-run People 's Daily newspaper . Separatists from the Uyghur minority group have been blamed for the attacks , which are classed as acts of terrorism by authorities . Many Uyghurs , most of whom live in the far-western province of Xinjiang , decry Beijing 's influence and the creep of ethnic Han culture into their lives . Separatists want the creation of an independent state called East Turkestan . The central government say that they have done much to improve the lives of those in the remote region . Q&A : China 's restive far west Tiananmen connection ? The international media has been reporting on the high-profile crackdown in Beijing as the 25th anniversary of the 1989 crackdown on Tiananmen Square approaches . The connection was not highlighted by Chinese media , as mentions of the incident have been scrubbed . Several activists , including the prominent humans-rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang , have been detained ahead of the anniversary , which takes place on June 4 . China 's porous borders Meanwhile , China 's minister of national defense has highlighted the country 's borders with Myanmar , Laos and Thailand as a weak point in the fight against violent Uyghur separatism . "  We must  strictly control the border and , according to law , crack down on violent terrorism , drug manufacturing and trafficking and other criminal activities , " Chang Wanquan said on the ministry 's website . The state-run newspaper Global Times reported that last month , security checks were lacking at key transport hubs and that passengers had been carrying "  caged livestock , hammers and knives " when they boarded Shanghai 's subway .	150 police vehicles , 1,350 armed officers to be deployed on capital 's streets Officials say deployment is measure to protect citizens against possible terror attacks Significant stepping up of security comes ahead of 25th anniversary of June 4th crackdown on Tiananmen Square Defense minister says that southern borders need to be better protected to prevent terrorism
SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- You must know what 's really driving the immigration debate . It 's the culture , stupid . Ruben Navarrette Jr. : Some opponents of immigration , even the legal kind , fear changes in local culture . Immigration restrictionists -- and by that , I mean those who want to limit all immigration , even the legal kind -- like to pretend they 're so high-minded . Yet they ca n't help themselves . They always take the low road and harken back to the nativism that greeted earlier waves of immigrants . The restrictionists insist that what bothers them are merely practical concerns : that our borders are n't secure , that so many immigrants are coming into the country illegally , and that the new arrivals are burdening schools and draining social services once they get here . Really ? If that 's the extent of it , then why does the conversation quickly turn to the impact -- both real and perceived -- that immigrants have on American culture through everything from taco trucks to Spanish-language billboards . That seems to be the issue in North Dakota , where , according to a recent article in USA Today , towns facing tough economic times are nonetheless resisting a cultural transfusion that could save them . In Cooperstown , the locals opposed efforts to bring in a hog plant and a dairy , because those kind of dirty and hard jobs are likely to attract ... guess who ? American kids who work at Starbucks ? Nope . The article quotes Orville Tranby , a local community leader in Cooperstown , who says that some residents have told him "  face to face " that such facilities might attract Hispanic immigrants who could change the local culture . You 'll find the same fear in Lewisburg , Tennessee . Not long ago , an employee at a local library came up with the radical idea of a bilingual story time where children could hear tales read to them in Spanish . Townspeople wanted no part of that . They demanded that all books purchased by the library , or even donated , be in English-only . These stories are ridiculous , but they 're also helpful . They illustrate what some people are really concerned about with immigration , and it goes well beyond words like "  legal " or "  illegal . " It 's the perception that the country is becoming more Hispanic , that Spanish is replacing English , that Hispanic immigrants are weakening American identity , and that Main Street is turning into Little Mexico . A leader of the vigilante Minuteman movement moronically called it the "  colonization " of the United States . This sort of rhetoric is all about fear -- that those who thrive in the dominant culture are losing their primacy , that the mainstream is being polluted by foreigners , and that our children are going to live in a world where they 're going to have to work a lot harder to keep up . It conjures up the alarm bells that Benjamin Franklin set off about German immigrants in the late 18th century , who he insisted could never adopt the culture of the English , but would "  swarm into our Settlements , and by herding together establish their Language and Manners to the Exclusion of ours . " It popped up in the mid-19th century amid worries that Chinese immigrants were "  unassimilable , " which led to Congress approving the explicitly-named Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882 . And it helped welcome the 20th century when Massachusetts Sen. Henry Cabot Lodge warned that immigrants  read : the Irish  were diluting "  the quality of  U.S.  citizenship " and others complained that Italian immigrants were uneducated , low skilled , apt to send all their money to their home country and prone to criminal activity . Where have we heard that before ? And when will we hear it again ? After all , Hispanics may be the latest group to find themselves in a culture war with nativists . But they wo n't be the last . Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a member of the editorial board of the San Diego Union-Tribune and a nationally syndicated columnist . You can read his column here . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer . E-mail to a friend	Navarrette : Opponents see Hispanic immigrants as weakening U.S. identity One town demanded all library books be in English , Navarrette says Hispanics the latest to find themselves at center of culture war
CNN  -- Football 's managerial merry-go-round swung into action Tuesday as both Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain ended months of speculation by appointing new coaches . Carlo Ancelotti has left PSG to take over at Real , while former French national team coach Laurent Blanc has replaced the Italian in Paris . Nine-time European champion Real has been searching for a new coach since Jose Mourinho moved to Ancelotti 's former club Chelsea earlier this month . Ancelotti has signed a three-year contract at the Bernabeu and will be presented to the media on Wednesday . Former France captain Blanc 's arrival at PSG was announced at almost exactly the same time as Ancelotti 's appointment . "  Paris Saint-Germain is delighted to announce the appointment of Laurent Blanc as coach for the next two years , " read a PSG statement . "  The board of Paris Saint-Germain has given Laurent Blanc the mission to build on last season and to continue the club 's ascendency towards the summits of the European game . " Both Ancelotti and Blanc will be tasked with improving their respective club 's performance in the European Champions League . Ancelotti will look to deliver an historic 10th triumph in Europe 's premier club competition for Real , having won the competition twice as coach of AC Milan . The 54-year-old also won the European Cup twice with Milan as a player . Qatar-owned PSG will expect Blanc to mould an expensively-assembled squad into a major European force . Blanc will have players such as Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Brazil captain Thiago Silva at his disposal at the Parc des Princes . As a player , Blanc led the France team during the greatest period in its history . He captained the team to victory on home soil at the 1998 World Cup , when France beat Brazil 3-0 in the final , before playing a central role in Les Bleus ' win over Italy in the final of Euro 2000 . Blanc has been out of work since stepping down as France coach after Euro 2012 .	Real Madrid appoint Carlo Ancelotti as new coach The Italian signs a three-year deal with the nine-time European champions PSG appoint former France coach Laurent Blanc as Ancelotti 's replacement Blanc puts pen to paper on a two-year contract in the French capital
San Diego  CNN  -- Some elections are fueled by passion . Others are guided by a sense of urgency . This one seems to be driven by ambivalence . That is where we 're at as we near Tuesday 's Iowa caucuses , the kickoff to the voting portion of the 2012 election . According to the polls in the Hawkeye State , Ron Paul and Mitt Romney are virtually tied for the lead , each with no more than a quarter of the vote . A new CNN/Time/ORC poll finds that Romney has 25 % and Paul has 22 % , with Rick Santorum , Newt Gingrich and Rick Perry each in the teens . GOP officials would like to convince Americans that they have an embarrassment of riches on their hands , but many of us can see that they 're only half right . It 's just an embarrassment . A big part of the Republicans ' problem is having a "  front-runner " who ca n't seem to get out in front . Many voters feel as if the choice has already been made for them , and they 're not having any of it . On a recent trip to Washington , I was reminded again that the inside-the-Beltway media and the Republican establishment have ordained Romney the party 's presidential nominee and all but declared that the voting is just a formality . Yet , someone forgot to tell the voters , who elevate one candidate after another from the "  anybody but Romney " pile while keeping the former Massachusetts governor trapped under a 25 % ceiling in the polls . As recently noted by The Wall Street Journal , a recent Gallup poll of Republicans put support for Romney at 24 % , and last month , his level of support floated between 22 % and 25 % . It 's hard to see how Romney could cobble together a string of second-place finishes , with a possible win in New Hampshire , and wind up as a credible contender for the general election . And even if he does somehow wind up being the nominee , it 's even harder to imagine that the more than three-fourths of Republicans who were thoroughly uninspired by him just a few months earlier would suddenly get excited enough to turn out and vote . In fact , even in this late hour , Republican thought leaders such as William Kristol , publisher of the Weekly Standard , are still suggesting that another Republican candidate could enter the race . That is not likely to happen , but the fact that some people would like it to tells us a lot about a level of dissatisfaction with the current crop of GOP prospects . The grass is n't any greener for Democrats . While they have the advantage of knowing who their nominee will be , they also have to contend with the same difficult task that the Republicans face : energizing the base to support the candidate . Many of those who voted for Barack Obama in 2008 do n't seem all that eager to give him an encore . He lost much of his support from independents early on , but he also has an enthusiasm gap developing with liberals who think the president lacks courage and caves in to Republicans too easily . According to a new poll by the Salt Lake Tribune , while most Democrats want to re-elect Obama , one in five of them are n't so sure . Just 37 % of those surveyed -- Republicans , Democrats and independents -- are certain they want to give Obama another term . And , despite all the campaigning up to this point , nearly 20 % of voters are still undecided about whom to support . To be re-elected , Obama needs to recapture the support of two groups of voters : young people and Latinos . Unfortunately for Democrats , he 's not doing a good job of inspiring either . Both groups still support Obama , and they certainly prefer him to every possible Republican alternative . The problem is the same kind of enthusiasm gap that Romney is facing with Republican voters . While 18-to-29 year-old Americans remain solidly in the Democratic camp , only 49 % of them approve of Obama 's job performance , according to a survey by the Pew Research Center . That 's a 23 point drop since February 2009 . Something similar is happening with Latino voters , many of whom are deeply disillusioned -- even wounded -- by Obama 's broken promise to fix the immigration system combined with his heavy-handed deportation policies that have resulted in the removal of more than 1.2 million people in less than three years . According to a new Ipsos-Telemundo poll , the president 's support among Latinos continues to plummet . In April 2009 , 86 % of Latinos approved of Obama 's job performance . Today , it 's only about 56 % . According to an analysis done by Ipsos , that drop suggests that , "  the disillusion among Latinos is more pronounced than among the general public . " Add all this up , and this could be an election with one of the lowest turnouts in history -- for Republicans and Democrats . Voters are sending a message that both parties need to heed : "  Do n't just tell me I need to vote for your candidate . Give me something worth voting for . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : We 're about to see the start of the voting for Election 2012 He says voters in both parties are ambivalent about the choices GOP ca n't seem to crown a front-runner ; liberals lukewarm on Obama , he says Navarrette : Many people may choose not to vote , unless candidates rise to the occasion
CNN  Take one look at these images and you experience a range of city-life emotions . You feel the noonday sun beating down on your back , surging waves of people on every side of you . You sip your overpriced beverage and stare into the distance for a reprieve from the crowds and from a morning spent on your feet . You see long shadows and you hear the quiet : the exhale of a city that 's been running hard and long all day -- the settling down , the withdrawal of vendors and businessmen and every sort of tradesmen in between . Dutch photographer Bas Losekoot is interested in these interactions , and by isolating them he examines "  the mask that people are wearing on the streets , and things like the gaze -- who 's looking at who ? "  What do these small gestures on the street tell us about the human condition ? " Losekoot asked . "  How do people feel and how do people respond to  each other  ? " Losekoot was trained as a classical photographer and spent time after graduation shooting stills on film sets . Influenced by the lighting techniques from the cinema , he had the idea : "  Why not bring the light to the streets ? " "  After that , " he said , "  the street became a studio and the people became the actors . " He started in New York three years ago when he had this idea . "  I was fascinated by this theme of the ` urban millennium , ' " he said . "  What 's going to happen when cities get more busy and people have to live in a smaller space ? " The urban millennium references the announcement , made by the U.N. Department of Economic and Social Affairs in 2007 , that "  more people  are  living in cities than in rural areas : 3.3 billion people  are  on three percent of the earth 's surface . " During his time in New York , Losekoot made a blueprint for where he would go next to continue this documentary work : Sao Paulo , Brazil ; Seoul , South Korea ; Mumbai , India ; and Hong Kong . He is now stationed in London , continuing the project while he pursues a master 's in photography and urban cultures . When deciding what city to focus on for his project , there are three determining factors , he said : "  Speed and scale of urbanization , size of economy , and population density . " Once arriving in a new city , Losekoot brings passion for his work , and grit and determination carry him through long days standing on dusty and crowded street corners . "  I find these places interesting , because this is where the personality and character and the desires that people have come up in places where the population density is very high , " he said . "  You really see what they 're thinking in those places , and small gestures have a lot of information about what we think about ourselves and what we think of each other . " Losekoot brings small flashes with him and sets them up on whatever is available , be it light posts , poles or railings . Then he waits for the perfect moments . Nothing is staged ; it 's all a candid flow of human interaction . The most subtle gaze or movement speaks volumes in a still image . Losekoot does his best to be invisible so that people will act naturally and not pose for the camera . The dramatic lighting makes for a very theatrical end product . Running late for the bus suddenly becomes an epic dash through dappled sunlight and illuminated sheet-metal buildings . "  The camera made me curious in the world , and the camera is a great way to explore places and people , " Losekoot said . "  And it can open doors in a lot of situations . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Losekoot asks thoughtful questions of society by holding up a mirror and inviting honest examination . "  What kind of cities are we creating , and in the end are we creating an ideal world ? Those are the big themes I like to touch with my work . And the themes I like to raise questions about , " he said . "  It 's very difficult to find those answers in photography ; it 's hard to see the progress of the city in someone 's eyes . I 'm very much interested in the people in there , in the social behavior of the group . " These questions are the driving force that propels Losekoot 's work . Exploring the dynamics of the streets . Capturing a moment in time that you can delve into and resonate with on a very human level . Just pictures of people on the street ? Yes . But the underlying implication is that we , the same humanity that used to roam the forest floor , now traverse concrete in this urban millennium . Bas Losekoot is a Dutch photographer based in London . You can follow him on Facebook .	Photographer Bas Losekoot is fascinated by city life and its people He took photos in major cities across the world to study how its residents interact In 2007 , a U.N. report said 3.3 billion people live in cities -- 3 % of the world 's surface
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Barack Obama did more than thump John McCain in the Electoral College tally ; he also handily won the popular vote and redrew the great divide between red states and blue states . Barack Obama addresses a crowd of more than 200,000 at Grant Park in Chicago , Illinois . Riding a Democratic tide that bolstered the party 's presence in both houses of Congress , Obama snared about 63 million votes to McCain 's 55.8 million , according to totals early Wednesday . According to exit polls , Obama crushed McCain among women voters  56 percent to 43 percent  ; voters under 30  66 percent to 32 percent  ; African-American voters  95 percent to 4 percent  ; Latino voters  66 percent to 32 percent  ; first-time voters  68 percent to 31 percent  ; and voters making less than $ 100,000 a year  55 percent to 43 percent  . "  I think this is the passing of an old order , " CNN senior political analyst David Gergen said as the results rolled in Tuesday night and the outcome became increasingly evident . Read what analysts had to say about the victory " "  I think what we see ... is a new coalition , a new order emerging . It is n't quite there , but with Barack Obama , for the first time , it 's won . It is the Latino vote we just heard about . It is the bigger black vote that came out . Very importantly , it 's the youth vote , the 18-to-29-year-old , " said the Harvard University professor and former presidential adviser . Watch Obama pay tribute to McCain " Early voting totals in the East suggested things would go traditionally , with McCain taking most of the Southeast , Obama most of the Northeast . But then things quickly changed , as the senator from Illinois struck -- first in Pennsylvania and then in the Midwest state of Ohio , states McCain had to win in his bid for the Oval Office . Obama then delivered an uppercut in Virginia , a state that had not voted for a Democratic president since 1964 . See your state 's county-by-county totals As polls closed from East to West , Obama kept hammering McCain , as he snatched away Iowa , Colorado , New Mexico and Nevada -- states that had been in President Bush 's column in 2004 . And Wednesday morning , Obama added Indiana to the list of states he 'd turned from red to blue . Indiana had n't voted for a Democrat since Lyndon Johnson in 1964 . Missouri and North Carolina were still counting votes Wednesday , but it appeared one or two of them could become blue-state converts as well . With McCain on the ropes , an Obama victory in Florida sounded the death knell . What 's next for Illinois and Delaware ? " When Indiana fell into Obama 's column Wednesday morning , he had a 349-163 lead over his rival in electoral votes , with only 26 undecided . As he claimed victory Tuesday night , Obama told supporters , "  change has come to America . " "  The road ahead will be long . Our climb will be steep . We may not get there in one year or even one term , but America -- I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there . I promise you -- we as a people will get there , " Obama said in Chicago before an estimated crowd of up to 240,000 people . With Obama 's win , he becomes the first African-American to win the White House . McCain pledged Tuesday night to help Obama lead . Watch more on the balance of power " "  Today , I was a candidate for the highest office in the country I love so much , and tonight , I remain her servant , " McCain said . The senator from Arizona called Obama to congratulate him , and Obama told him that he was eager to sit down and talk about how the two of them can work together . Obama will also be working with a heavily Democratic Congress . Democrats picked up Senate seats in New Hampshire , New Jersey , North Carolina and Virginia , among others . Read about the Senate races But Obama pledged to work across party lines and listen to the 46 percent of voters who chose McCain . "  While the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight , we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress , " Obama said . "  To those Americans whose support I have yet to earn -- I may not have won your vote , but I hear your voices , I need your help , and I will be your president , too , " he said . Watch Obama tell voters "  all things are possible " " And he recited the words of Abraham Lincoln , the first Republican in White House , to call for unity . "  As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours , ` We are not enemies , but friends ... though passion may have strained it must not break our bonds of affection , ' " Obama said . Watch a discussion of what Obama should do first " Supporters in Chicago cheering , "  Yes , we can , " were met with cries of "  Yes , we did . " Bush also called Obama to offer his congratulations . The president told Obama he was about to begin one of the great journeys of his life , and invited him to the White House as soon as it could be arranged , according to White House spokeswoman Dana Perino . More than 1,000 people gathered outside the White House , chanting "  Obama , Obama ! " Sen. Hillary Clinton , Obama 's former rival for the Democratic nomination , said in a statement that "  we are celebrating an historic victory for the American people . " iReport.com : Share your Election Day reaction with CNN "  This was a long and hard fought campaign , but the result was well worth the wait . Together , under the leadership of President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden and a Democratic Congress , we will chart a better course to build a new economy and rebuild our leadership in the world . " Sen. Edward Kennedy said Americans "  spoke loud and clear " in electing Obama . "  They understood his vision of a fairer and more just America and embraced it . They heard his call for a new generation of Americans to participate in government and were inspired . They believed that change is possible and voted to be part of America 's future , " the Massachusetts Democrat said in a statement . Voters expressed excitement and pride in their country after casting their ballots in the historic election . Poll workers reported high turnout across many parts of the country , and some voters waited hours to cast their ballots . Read about election problems Tuesday marked the end of the longest presidential campaign season in U.S. history -- 21 months . Obama , 47 , will begin his transition to the White House . He will be sworn in as the 44th president on January 20 .	NEW : Obama claims Indiana , 349-163 electoral vote advantage Barack Obama scores wins with women , African-Americans , young voters Obama to voters : "  Change has come to America " Obama will be working with heavily Democratic Congress
Atlanta  CNN  -- Georgia 's Supreme Court halted Monday evening 's scheduled execution of a convicted murderer on procedural grounds , but rejected a plea to spare him due to mental retardation . The unanimous ruling from the seven-member court gave a reprieve to 52-year-old Warren Lee Hill , who was condemned for bludgeoning a fellow inmate to death in 1990 . He had been scheduled to die at 7 p.m. Monday . Justices said they would review whether prison officials needed public hearings before changing the drugs used in lethal injections from a mix of three to a single drug . Hill 's lawyers also argue that the condemned convict should be spared because he has an IQ of 70 . The U.S. Supreme Court in 2002 struck down the death penalty for convicts with mental retardation , but Georgia law says an inmate has to prove mental retardation beyond a reasonable doubt , and a state court ruled earlier this month that Hill 's lawyers had failed to do that . All justices except Robert Benham refused to review Hill 's appeal of that case . "  I can not join in any ruling by this court that would allow the execution of Warren Hill Jr. , who has been found by a preponderance of the evidence to have a mental disability , " Benham found . Hill was already serving a life term in the 1985 shooting death of his girlfriend , Myra Sylvia Wright , when convicted of killing inmate Joseph Handspike . The state announced last week that it was replacing its use of a three-drug cocktail to put prisoners to death with a single drug , pentobarbital . Hill 's lawyers argued the decision required public notice under the state 's Administrative Procedure Act , a question the court halted proceedings to consider . CNN 's Jamie Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Justices reject appeal of mental retardation claim Warren Hill had been scheduled to die by injection Monday evening Georgia 's Supreme Court halted the execution Monday afternoon Hill 's lawyers argue changes to Georgia 's execution protocol need review
Washington  CNN  -- The Navy warship USS Donald Cook is scheduled to enter the Black Sea no later than Thursday as part of the latest U.S. military effort to demonstrate support for Eastern European allies concerned about Russia 's troop buildup along its border with Ukraine . The movement of the guided missile destroyer was confirmed to CNN by two U.S. military officials who declined to be identified because a formal announcement has not been made . The ship will conduct exercises and port visits while in the Black Sea . The guided missile destroyer USS Truxtun took part in scheduled exercises in the Black Sea last month and departed March 21 . NATO members Bulgaria , Romania and Turkey have Black Sea coastlines , as do non-members Ukraine , Russia and Georgia . The movement of the Navy warship into the Black Sea comes ahead of an April 15 meeting of top NATO political representatives to discuss and potentially approve a series of recommendations for additional military measures , including shortening the "  response time " of NATO forces if there were a crisis . Other options on the table include more military exercises with member nations including the United States and potentially providing military advisers to Ukraine . Using classified and commercial satellite imagery , the United States estimates there are up to 40,000 Russian troops on the border with eastern Ukraine . Those troops remain positioned so close , and are so heavily armed , that the U.S. and NATO calculate they could "  roll across " eastern Ukraine in three to five days , one official said . That 's an estimate previously made by Gen. Philip Breedlove , the military chief of NATO . There has been no withdrawal of Russian forces ; other than perhaps small numbers , so the estimate remains in place , the official said . Washington also believes that the recent unrest in eastern Ukraine around the city of Donetsk is the work of "  paid or compelled persons , heavily influenced by Russia , " the official said . The U.S. assessment is that the Russians are looking for a provocation to move into Ukraine . But the Ukrainian military response of moving in methodically and arresting troublemakers worked in this case , the official said . Russia warns of civil war if Ukraine uses force to quell eastern revolts U.S. to send missile defense ships to Japan to protect from North Korea	The USS Donald Cook will be in the Black Sea by Thursday Russian troops are still massed on the Ukraine border NATO representatives will meet April 15 to discuss the situation
CNN  -- Oh , New York . People say you never sleep , and you 're filled with neon lights and people scurrying from place to place . Rumor has it you 're a tough place to call home . Some suggest that people leave before you get a chance to harden them . But lately , we 're a little taken aback by all the good things we keep hearing about you . You 're not getting soft , are you ? The sweet city stories are getting hard to ignore . Here are three recent examples that caught our attention : Not another manic Monday When we first heard about your murder-free Monday , we were tempted to shrug it off as some random thing .  There was not a single reported slaying , stabbing , shooting or knifing in any of the five boroughs on Monday , according to the New York Police Department .  Some of our commenters were thrilled or surprised . "  Having lived in ` the world 's greatest city ' for over 30 years , I never thought I 'd see the day , " wrote reader BlackDynamiteOnline . A few attributed the numbers to online shoppers hunkered down for Cyber Monday or criminals who did a better job of hiding bodies than usual . Others thought the whole thing was a little strange . "  Imagine ! We are celebrating a murder-free day , " said KPerspective . "  This is sordidly interesting . " There was more good news to come . Random acts of kindness The police officer who gave a pair of boots to a homeless man is the talk of the Web . Jennifer Foster , a tourist from Florence , Arizona , snapped a photo near Times Square that ended up being posted on the NYPD Facebook page . The post received 338,000 likes and more than 22,000 comments . "  This is awesome . We should n't be surprised by this , " commented Facebook user Tony Stiltner . "  I believe things like this should be the norm . But I am absolutely thrilled . The officer is a true hero and others should learn from his actions . " Twitter users picked it up as well , and the #NYPD hashtag was full of tweets buzzing about the story on Thursday morning . "  Shout out  to the #NYPD cop that bought the homeless barefoot man some socks and winter boots , " wrote J Tucker in a tweet . "  That 's awesome . Wish more cops were like him . " We also heard good things about storm recovery efforts . Generosity after disaster Let us not forget how people have come together as the East Coast recovers from the pounding it received from Superstorm Sandy . We received numerous iReports sharing stories of giving and courage , and highlighted a few of them in a story on CNN.com . An impromptu Broadway performance , volunteer work , storytelling , photo restoration efforts and a rapping duo were among the efforts we heard about . Upon encountering this story , a reader using the name Reen B raved about the people of the region . "  I love New Yorkers . Good for these people for helping out with their creativity , a gift not all of us have but everyone can appreciate . Godspeed , NY/NJ , here 's to healing and hope . " What gives ? Maybe the holidays have everyone in an extra-good mood . That 's assuming we make it past our upcoming date with Doomsday , which no doubt has some people musing about the fragility of life . We 're still a little baffled -- and delighted ! -- by all these touching stories , so we now turn back to you . Is there something really going on here ? Is New York getting nicer , or are we just now seeing its true colors in a trio of recent news events ? Do you heart New York ? Let 's hear your thoughts in the comments below or put your video commentary on CNN iReport . If the comments on this story are just as nice , we 'll know that all this friendliness was n't just a fluke .	No slayings , stabbings , shootings or knifings reported in New York City on Monday NYPD officer gives boots to homeless man , becomes Internet sensation iReporters tell us about the giving spirit surrounding Sandy recovery What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on CNN iReport
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- House Republicans on Wednesday presented what they called a "  sorely needed " alternative to Democrats ' proposals to overhaul health care . Rep. Eric Cantor says Republicans are drafting a plan to ensure all Americans have access to affordable coverage . Republicans want to make sure all Americans have access to affordable coverage , Rep. Eric Cantor , the House minority whip , said Wednesday . "  We do so by making sure we keep down costs and incorporate the ability for folks to pool together to access lower costs , to bring private sector into the game and keep government out , " Cantor said . Neither Democrats nor Republicans have detailed how they would pay for their proposals . Rep. Roy Blunt , R-Missouri , said his party 's plan will cost "  far less " than that of the Democrats and "  provide better results for the American people . " Rep. Dave Camp , R-Michigan , who co-authored the GOP plan , said it 's important to make sure the bill is one with a "  common-sense approach . " "  We are not going to have a bill that is larger than the GDP -LSB- gross domestic product -RSB- of most countries , which is what we are beginning to see roll out , " said Camp , the ranking Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee . "  Clearly , if we move forward and this bill is on the floor , we are going to have to have a bill that is paid for and that 's going to depend on what the scores come back . " A score is a preliminary estimate of the cost of proposed legislation . A preliminary review by the Congressional Budget Office of a plan being drawn up in the Senate found it would cost about $ 1 trillion over 10 years to extend health insurance to 16 million people who otherwise would not be covered , about a third of the roughly 45 million now uninsured . Camp said that the House Republican proposal calls for refundable tax credits for lower-income Americans . But Camp and Republicans have not determined key details for their proposal , including the amount of those tax credits or who precisely could be eligible . House Republicans on Wednesday planned to release a two-page summary of Camp 's proposal , which CNN Radio obtained . Some highlights include : This Republican alternative bill also contains several health care ideas that are increasingly championed by both parties . This House Republican plan comes a day after fellow Republican Rep. Mark Kirk of Illinois and other moderates in the so-called Tuesday Group released their proposal , which spelled out many of the same ideas as the Camp bill . Kirk contends his plan is less partisan but said he supports Camp 's effort . CNN 's Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep. Eric Cantor says plan keeps "  government out " of health care market House Republicans plan to release two-page summary of health care bill Plan 's author says it 's important bill have "  common-sense approach " Neither Democrats nor Republicans have detailed how they would pay for proposals
London  CNN  -- Three top Pakistani cricketers were jailed Thursday after being convicted of plotting to cheat and to take bribes in a match against England last summer , in a scandal that rocked the international sport . Former national team captain Salman Butt was sentenced to 30 months and bowler Mohammad Asif to a year in prison after they were found guilty by a London court Tuesday . Fellow bowler Mohammad Amir , a rising star in the sport at the age of 19 , was given a six-month jail term , having pleaded guilty . A fourth man , London-based businessman Mazhar Majeed , was jailed for two years and eight months for his role as an agent who arranged the betting scam . He had also pleaded guilty . All will serve half of their sentences before being eligible for parole . The Pakistanis were accused of spot fixing , or rigging parts of a test match . The trial and sentencing have been closely watched in Pakistan , where cricket is a hugely popular sport . The Pakistan Cricket Board , the sport 's national governing body , said the trio 's conviction and sentencing was "  a sad day for Pakistan cricket . " Spokesman Nadeem Sarwar said in a statement : "  Instead of having pride in playing for their country , these players chose to disappoint their supporters , damage the image of their country and bring the noble game of cricket into disrepute . There is little sympathy in Pakistan for the sorry pass they have come to . " He said the board was determined to stamp out corrupt behavior within cricket and will introduce measures to do that . These include better training in the game 's rules and ethics for players , alongside stricter monitoring , a strengthened code of conduct for agents and others involved in the game and a recommendation to the government to pass a law making corruption in sport a criminal offense . Imran Khan , former cricketer turned politician , told domestic channel Geo TV after the sentencing : "  For Pakistan and for Pakistani cricket this is extremely detrimental . "  This will bring shame to our country and the families of the cricketers . I ca n't imagine what the family is going through . Right now this is bad for all of us . " He said he felt special sympathy for Amir , the youngest , who had probably gotten involved after seeing the others getting away with match fixing . Asif 's father also appeared on Geo TV , saying : "  Jails are made for men , so what if my son is sent there . " He accused unspecified foreign governments of being behind his son 's conviction , but he said the family would not starve as a result . Butt 's sister , Rubab Butt , also told reporters her brother was innocent . "  My brother did n't do anything wrong , " she said . "  There has been no evidence presented to us about his guilt and the decision was wrong , we disagree with it . My brother is innocent . " Butt and Asif had denied the charges . Before the sentencing , Amir expressed remorse in a statement read by his lawyer . "  First I want to apologize to Pakistan and to everyone that cricket is important to , " he said . "  I do know how much damage this has done to the game , a game which I love more than anything else in the world . "  I did decide many months ago that I wanted to admit that I deliberately threw two no-balls  fouls  at the Lord 's Test last summer . But I know this was very late , and I want to apologize for not saying it before . I did n't find the courage to do it at the beginning , and I know very well that made everything much more difficult . " The Pakistanis are among the lowest-paid of the main cricket nations , partly due to the loss of much-needed revenue from hosting tours . International teams have turned down offers to play in Pakistan after a 2009 terrorist attack on the touring Sri Lankan team in Lahore . CNN 's Phil Black and Andrew Carey and journalists Shaan Khan and Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	The Pakistan Cricket Board says it is a sad day for the game in Pakistan Relatives of the jailed cricketers protest their innocence Butt and Asif are jailed for 30 and 12 months respectively , Amir for six months Agent Mazhar Majeed is sentenced to two years and eight months in prison
Cairo  CNN  -- Civil rights lawyers demanded the death penalty for former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on Monday , joining prosecutor 's calls for him to be executed . "  We merged our voice with the prosecutor 's closing arguments from last week 's hearing and demanded the death sentence to Mubarak , his former interior minister Habib El Adly , and four of his aides for killing hundreds of protesters and injuring thousands more , " attorney Khalid Abu Bakr told CNN . "  We have proof Mubarak is directly responsible for the killings along with El Adly and his aides . " Abu Bakr said Mubarak deserved to die for violating Egypt 's criminal law 77 . "  His negligence and actions led to endangering the national security of the country , " he said . The attorney also provided the court with a list of alleged suspects he wants indicted , including police officers he said where caught on camera firing their weapons on protesters . Another lawyer , Sameh Ashour , said he provided evidence to the court "  of communication between security forces that prove the presence of snipers on rooftop buildings during the revolution . " The judge , Ahmed Refaat , has set aside Monday and Tuesday to hear from at least 10 civil rights lawyers . The defense is expected to make its closing arguments later in the week . "  The judge will then decide on a day to announce the final verdict , " said Adel Saeed , the official spokesman of the General Prosecutor 's office . "  If he is fast , we may see a verdict before January 25th " -- the day the Egyptian uprising began last year . Last week , the Russian foreign ministry issued a statement , expressing its "  deep concern " over the prosecutor 's request for a death sentence to Mubarak and calling on Egypt to consider Mubarak 's old age and poor health . Germany and France also issued statements of "  concern . " Mubarak is accused of corruption and ordering protesters killed during the country 's uprising last year . He has denied the charges . Two of Mubarak 's sons are also on trial on a variety of charges . The sons , Gamal and Alaa , have pleaded not guilty . Lawyers familiar with the case said it is unlikely Mubarak and his fellow defendants will receive the death penalty . This is in part because of the difficulty in proving the president ordered the killings , the lawyers said . Analysts agreed that while some Egyptians might welcome a death sentence for Mubarak , particularly at a time of heightened tension as the anniversary of the uprising approaches , he is more likely to receive a prison term . Many Egyptians have criticized the court proceedings and some worry that Mubarak may be acquitted of the murder charges . Five police officers accused of killing protesters already have been acquitted . Amnesty International had estimated more than 840 protesters were killed and 6,000 injured . Saeed , the prosecutor 's spokesman , said the prosecutor 's estimate of 225 deaths and more than 1,300 injured is lower "  because there has been a differentiation between those killed outside police stations while attacking the precinct and those shot while protesting . "	NEW : "  His negligence and actions " endangered national security , Bakr says Lawyer says he provided evidence to court about sniper presence on rooftops Attorney says Mubarak is "  directly responsible " for killings The former Egyptian president denies the charges against him
Two U.S. embassy officials were wounded Tuesday in a shooting , apparently at a strip club , in Caracas , Venezuela . The U.S. State Department said two members of the embassy suffered non-life-threatening injuries but did not provide details . The shooting occurred at the Antonella 2012 club , said Miroslava Gomez , a police spokeswoman . Police and investigators combed the club , in the basement of a mall , but did not speak to reporters outside on Tuesday . Mall security said the establishment is a strip club . Signs posted outside the door of the club described it as a "  weapon-free zone " and said the entrance of couples , unaccompanied women or anyone under 30 is forbidden . Images of scantily clad women dancing around poles were plastered on a wall just inside the club 's entrance . The club 's manager said on Tuesday night that the shooting had occurred inside the establishment . The injured U.S. officials worked with the embassy 's defense liaison office , according to two U.S. officials who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the situation . The two injured embassy officials were shot at a club in northeast Caracas , said an attending physician at a hospital in the Venezuelan capital . One was shot in the abdomen and the leg , and the other in the abdomen , Dr. Carlos Pacheco said . The State Department did not immediately release the names of the two injured officials . State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell would not elaborate on what kind of establishment the officials were at , except to say it was "  some sort of social spot . " Asked Tuesday afternoon whether the shooting had occurred at a strip club , Ventrell told reporters , "  I have no information on the site whatsoever . " The department was not aware of any arrests , Ventrell said , but it is in contact with local authorities . Embassy security and health unit personnel were at the hospital and have reached out to the officials ' families , Ventrell said .	Two U.S. officials say the embassy staffers shot in Venezuela are military officials The officials were shot at the Antonella 2012 club , a police spokeswoman says The State Department says the officials ' injuries are not life-threatening
Los Angeles  CNN  -- George Clooney and Meryl Streep appear to be main contenders in the 2012 Hollywood award season after Sunday night 's Golden Globes . But the winners of the best film drama actor honors face competition from a silent film star and an actress who brought Marilyn Monroe back to life . Clooney 's "  The Descendants " won for best drama film , while Clooney received the best actor in a drama film award . "  The Artist , " a black and white silent movie , was chosen best comedy or musical film , while its lead Jean Dujardin won best actor in a comedy or musical movie . The movie 's music also won for best original film score . The Globes set the stage for a Meryl Streep versus Michelle Williams best actress showdown at the Academy Awards in six weeks by handing both women best actress honors . Streep won the drama film best actress Globe for her portrayal of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in "  Iron Lady , " while Williams carried home the comedy or musical film Globe for playing movie legend Marilyn Monroe in "  My Week With Marilyn . " Since the Globes separates dramas from comedies -- unlike the Academy Awards -- Williams , Streep , Clooney and Dujardin were not competing against each other in the 69th annual Golden Globes award show . "  Thank you to the Hollywood Foreign Press Association for putting in my hand the same award that Marilyn Monroe herself won over 50 years ago , " Williams said in her acceptance speech . Oscar nominations will be revealed later this month and the Academy Awards follows at the end of February . Other films expected to be Oscar contenders also got a share of the Globes spotlight . Woody Allen 's "  Midnight In Paris " lost out to "  The Artist , " but Allen did win for best film screenplay . The 3-D family movie "  Hugo " was also passed up , but Martin Scosese got the best director award for making the film . Who ruled the red carpet ? The civil rights-era movie "  The Help " claimed the best supporting actress award for Octavia Spencer . Spencer , who played a maid in the movie , quoted Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in her acceptance : "  All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance . " Although the "  Help " characters are fictional "  they represent scores of real people , " she said . "  The narrative itself is part of our fabric , " Spencer said backstage . "  It 's important to keep the younger generation abreast of how far we 've come , because this is really foreign to them . " Christopher Plummer won the Golden Globe for best supporting actor in a film for his role in "  Beginners . " Steven Spielberg 's "  The Adventures Of Tintin " won the Golden Globe for best animated feature film . The best foreign-language film honor was awarded to the Iranian film "  A Separation . " Pop icon Madonna took home a Golden Globe for writing the best original song in a movie . Her "  Masterpiece " was written for "  W.E. " She offered fitness advice to reporters backstage . "  The best thing for your bum is dancing , " the Material Girl said . Early in the broadcast , host Ricky Gervais took quick aim at the Hollywood Press Association , the group that hired him to perform hosting duties for a third year . Gervais , in his opening monologue , compared the Golden Globes to the Oscars , "  but without all that esteem . " The Globes are to the Oscars "  what Kim Kardashian is to Kate Middleton . A bit louder , a bit drunker and more easily bought , " he joked . The group of about 85 writers invited Gervais to host the telecast again this year despite -- or because of -- the controversy stirred last year by his take-no-prisoners jokes . Unlike the Oscars , the Globes also honors television shows with 11 categories . Showtime 's "  Homeland " was the only TV show to win two Globes . It won best drama series , while Claire Danes won the best actress in a drama series award . Kelsey Grammer 's Golden Globe may not be the biggest award given out Sunday night , but the actor may have been the happiest backstage where he revealed his wife is expecting twins . Grammer won for best actor in a television drama series for his role as a corrupt Chicago mayor in the Starz series "  Boss . " In the television comedy or musical series categories , ABC 's "  Modern Family " won best series , while Laura Dern won best actress for her work in HBO 's "  Enlightened " and Matt LeBlanc won best actor for Showtime 's "  Episodes . " PBS 's "  Downton Abbey " won for best made-for-TV movie or mini-series . Kate Winslet won the Golden Globe for best actress in a made-for-TV movie or mini-series for her role in HBO 's "  Mildred Pierce . " It was Winslet 's third Globe . She won two in 2009 , for "  Revolutionary Road " and "  The Reader . " Winslet was asked backstage her opinion of reports that Lindsay Lohan was in negotiations to portray the late Elizabeth Taylor in a film . "  I 'm not going to go there , dude , " Winslet said . "  It 's kind of a hot zone . " British actor Idris Elba won best actor in a made-for-TV movie or mini-series for "  Luther . " Backstage , he acknowledged that he 's talked to producers about possibly becoming the next James Bond . "  Of course , I would be honored to play the part if it comes along , " Elba said . The TV best supporting actor and actress awards went to Peter Dinklage for HBO 's "  Game of Thrones " and Jessica Lange in "  American Horror Story " on FX , respectively . Sidney Poitier led a tribute to actor Morgan Freeman , who was presented the Golden Globe 's "  Cecil B. DeMille Award . " "  You illuminate your presence , you infuse the characters you play with a real life three-dimensional aura , " Poitier said . "  You become the character , the character becomes you . So begins a process that captivates your audience . " Freeman , speaking backstage , said it was watching Poitier as a teenager that steered his path . "  Most of us need something to guide ourselves and Sidney has been my beacon , my guiding star , " he said . Click here for a full list of all of the winners .	"  The Artist " wins best comedy or musical film Meryl Streep is best actress in a drama film Jean Dujardin wins best actor in a comedy or musical movie for "  The Artist " Octavia Spencer wins best supporting actress in a film for "  The Help "
CNN  -- There 's a hilarious episode of the sketch comedy show "  Portlandia " where two hipster parents give their preschool age kid a presentation about his future . The kid , Grover , half-watches as mom and dad pull up two stock market-style charts : One shows his fortunes going up and up if he attends Shooting Star preschool ; the other shows what happens if he fails to get in : a plunge into violence , shoplifting and poverty . "  The last thing I want is you out there , you know , shooting squirrels and birds for dinner , " says the mom . "  If we do n't get you into that Shooting Star private preschool , you 're gon na end up at a public school with a bunch of riffraff . " She adds : "  We 're gon na get you into preschool . We 're gon na get you into college . We 're going to get you some money . And we 're gon na get you whatever you want ! " The skit is great because it 's based in truth . Yes , elite preschool admissions are perfectly absurd , but the benefits of preschool are seriously significant . Researchers in North Carolina and Michigan have spent decades following kids who attend preschool and comparing them with control groups of kids who did n't . While preschool , of course , does not single-handedly determine whether a kid will be successful and happy or end up shoplifting with the riffraff , on the whole the studies suggest the early schooling can reroute lives for the better . The "  Portlandia " charts are kind of real . My View : Not all preschools are created equal That 's why every one of us should hope that Congress comes up with a way to pay for President Barack Obama 's proposal that all American kids get access to preschool -- starting with those who are less likely to be able to pay for it themselves . The kind of outlay that would require might sound ridiculous at a moment when the country is headed toward Fiscal Cliff Part Deux , or "  the sequester . " But talk to the researchers who have been following kids from preschool and into their 20s , 30s and 40s , and you begin to see how transformative early education can and should be . Ultimately , it 's a cost-effective investment in a future when poor kids have the same chance at success as the obsessed-over Grovers of the world . "  Unequivocally , yes , I think it works , " said Frances Campbell , a senior scientist at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . "  I do n't think there 's any question about that . " In 1972 , Campbell 's university began a project to track the success of a group of preschoolers and a similar control group of kids who were not given access to preschool . The 1970s start date "  tells you I am ancient , which I am , " Campbell said . She 's 80 now , and the research subjects are turning 40 . The ongoing study is like the science-y version of the "  7-Up " documentary series -- with researchers checking in on the lives of the subjects at several-year intervals . The differences between those who had preschool and those who did n't "  are n't huge , " she said , but they are significant . "  What matters to me , " she said on the phone , "  is that when they were 21 years old if they had had that preschool experience they were more likely to be in college and when they were 30 they were more likely to have graduated from college . " In Michigan , Larry Schweinhart is an early childhood program researcher at the nonprofit education research organization HighScope . His group also found positive , long-term results . Kids who went to preschool in the mid - '60s were less likely to have been arrested several times by age 40 , were more likely to have graduated from high school and were likely to earn more than non-pre-K kids studied . Some have criticized those studies , saying the preschools were too well-funded and fussed over for their successes to be replicated elsewhere . In North Carolina , Campbell said , kids also got help that extended before and after the typical preschool years of age 3 and 4 . Others say the study sample sizes -- about 100 kids in each case -- may be too small to support sweeping conclusions . The effectiveness of public early education programs also have been called into question . A 2012 report from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services found students in the Head Start program made early educational strides -- but that they faded by the time the students reached third grade . Schweinhart said that expanding preschool programs across the nation wo n't automatically improve lives . But if the programs are funded and managed well , he said , they will have real impact . That seems like a reasonable assessment , and it 's one that 's more or less shared by professor David Kirp of the University of California , Berkeley . "  Whether universal prekindergarten really makes a difference in children 's lives or turns out to be a false hope , " Kirp wrote recently for a CNN blog , "  depends entirely on the quality of what 's being offered . " Perhaps the real impact of preschool is most visible in the lives of real people who attended decades ago and now are adults . I asked the researchers in North Carolina and Michigan if I could talk to some of the people who are the subjects of their studies . They declined , saying that since the studies are ongoing the people must have anonymity so as not to skew results . So I went to the next best thing -- two women who attended a HighScope preschool in Michigan but were n't part of the studies the group ran . I wanted to know if they actually , really , truly thought that their lives today had been changed by the fact that they went to some classes decades ago . I figured they would n't remember much . But , to my surprise , both Simone Strong , 39 , and Katie Jones , 33 , told me their experiences around age 3 still mattered past 30 . Jones is in a wheelchair and she said the school gave her the confidence she would need to confront people who might see her as different . Strong said the school was "  empowering " and is part of the reason she has had the confidence to serve on the boards of socially minded organizations in her community . Both of their children now go to the same preschool -- in part because their older , wiser mothers realize what a big impact preschool had on their adult lives . It seems like all kids should have those opportunities . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John D. Sutter .	John Sutter : Research proves the effectiveness of preschool President Barack Obama recently said all Americans should have access Sutter : Preschool could be a great equalizer for rich and poor He says studies show its effects last into a person 's 40s and 50s
CNN  -- On Tuesday , January 12 2010 , the world watched in horror as Haiti was struck by a catastrophic earthquake . At least 100,000 people lost their lives in the devastation . In the aftermath , many people around the world sent financial aid to help support survivors . But one young entrepreneur was so affected by the tragedy that he sat down at his desk to try to lend his professional skills to future relief efforts . Having watched the disaster unfold on TV , Francisco Aguilar , a graduate from MIT Sloan and the Harvard Kennedy School , began working on a tool that could be used to help in emergency response situations around the world . "  If you remember the 2010 earthquake in Haiti , you saw hundreds of thousands of people buried under the rubble . After an earthquake most people die in the first 48 hours . People who are trapped tend to die in the first 48 hours . And the international rescue teams came with their very sophisticated equipment , and did a fantastic job when they got there ,  but  they did n't get there for 48 hours . And their tools , their fiber optic scopes , and all the kinds of equipment that they have , cost $ 50,000 , and are very hard to use . So , despite their very valiant efforts , they pulled out a few hundred people , but most of the damage was already done , " Aguilar says . The device Aguilar invented is called the Bounce Imaging Explorer -- a small black probe about the size of a baseball , fixed with an array of sensors and cameras that can be thrown or dropped into dangerous environments . "  The initial thought was , how could we create something that was easy to use , that could allow a first responder , or even a volunteer , to easily look inside a space to determine whether it was safe to enter it , to see if there was a victim inside , " Aguilar says . "  And that moved from search and rescue , to police who often face hostage situations : aggressive shooters , or terrorism . To fire fighting applications , where people often want to search different rooms in a complex , before having to enter or decide whether there is a fire or not . So there 's a common problem across first responders of having to decide whether to enter a house or a space . And we are trying to make it cheap and easy to get images while they are out of there . " To develop the product Aguilar partnered with David Young , an entrepreneur who spent four and a half years as a US Army infantry officer . The Bounce Imaging Explorer 's cameras and sensors can quickly take panoramic images after being thrown into an inaccessible space . The impact resistant shell can also house heat sensors , Geiger counters , vibration antennae or smoke detectors to provide different information in different kinds of emergencies , such as natural distasters or SWAT team hostage rescues . The ball then broadcasts its findings back to a mobile device to give users information on whether there are hazards  or indeed survivors  around a corner , or buried beneath fallen debris . The company , Bounce Imaging , won a gold award of $ 50,000 at MassChallenge , and was named one of TIME Magazine 's Best Inventions of the year . Gianfranco Zaccai , CEO of design consultancy Continuum , said : "  I think that the concept is really great in its simplicity ... There 's a lot of potential there , and there 's a lot of potential for doing good with it , because if you think about , the dangerous world that we live in , we need simple , robust , usable ideas that are embedded in great products . " Aguilar hopes to begin producing the Bounce Imaging Explorer next year , and says he aims to keep the cost between $ 500 and $ 1000 .	U.S. graduate Francisco Aguilar invents throwable camera called the Bounce Imaging Explorer The shock absorbent baseball-sized tool can be thrown into hostile situations to assess risk It is a low-cost piece of equipment that could help first responders in developing countries
CNN  -- The late Kemal Amin "  Casey " Kasem was much more than a relic of radio 's Top 40 heyday . In this era of streaming and downloading , when everyone functions as his or her own DJ and program director , the "  tastemaking " role of music radio in the late 20th century -- the role that Kasem pretty much owned -- is almost impossible to fathom . Casey Kasem was neither a maverick like pioneer rock & roll disc jockey Alan Freed nor a budding multimedia entrepreneur like Dick Clark . He did n't strive to be hip or hustle after the cutting edge . He was n't really a gatekeeper or curator . His on-air presence was neutral ; he merely was a conduit for whatever records were most popular . Each week he 'd present the top singles as reported on the Billboard charts , framing the songs with homespun advice , listener dedications and decidedly noncontroversial anecdotes about the performers . From 1970 to 1988 , his syndicated weekly program , "  America 's Top 40 , " documented the ever-shifting mainstream of musical tastes . By today 's standards , it can sound overly cautious or conservative , but it also reflected a cultural consensus that barely exists anymore . Kasem 's long-distance dedications Easily accessible and free of charge , "  America 's Top 40 " was a gateway drug for a generation or two of budding music fanatics . Kasem was the patron saint of preteen pop devotees held captive to their parents ' car radios . His data-dependent chart format made him an enabler for amateur statisticians and precocious list-compilers , kids who could n't afford subscriptions to the trade magazines . The sturdy scaffolding under Kasem 's success was his voice : upbeat , naturally modulated , soothing without being smarmy . Hear him once and he became Casey : familiar , somehow . You could accuse him of being corny , a shameless Pez dispenser of sentimental patter and clichÃ © d advice along with pablum pop . You 'd be literally correct but also fundamentally clueless about his down-to-earth appeal . Kasem managed to be commercial without coming across like a hyped-up huckster . He made it seem easy , and also seamless , for instance segueing from a convoluted factoid about Top 10 hits with the word "  Doctor " in the title to a Dr. Pepper spot . His voice was the product of formative years spent jumping from radio station to station as well as some acting work . Voice-over gigs proved to be a consistent and profitable sidelight ; Kasem 's resonant tones appeared in commercials and cartoons . Somewhat improbably , he supplied the voice of Norville "  Shaggy " Rogers on "  Scooby-Doo . " No doubt this further endears him to a generation weaned on musty anachronisms such as network television and Top 40 radio . Tributes : ` Keep reaching for the stars ' Truthfully , even at his most popular , Kasem was a bit of an anachronism . When "  America 's Top 40 " debuted in 1970 , the rock revolution was in full swing , and free-form FM radio was on the rise . But he stuck to the middle of the road , and not only endured but thrived during the tumultuous expansion and dissolution of the musical counterculture in the ensuing decades . The Top 40 renaissance of 1984 , kick-started by MTV , and the late '90s teen pop explosion can both be seen as vindication of Kasem 's rigidly democratic format . In fact , the millennial breakthrough of boy bands and Britney Spears may go down in history as the Top 40 's last hurrah . Born the son of Lebanese immigrants in Detroit , Kasem went on to become the iconic voice of common-denominator music during a divisive time in our culture . In the end , what could be more American ?	Mark Coleman : Casey Kasem was "  tastemaker " before era of streaming and downloading Kasem 's "  America 's Top 40 " was n't gatekeeper but a conduit for popular songs , he says Coleman says Kasem 's show was accessible ; his voice upbeat , not smarmy Kasem an iconic voice of common-denominator music during divisive time , he says
CNN  -- Since March 11 , the six reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant have been in various states of disrepair after being battered by a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami . Here is the latest on the status of each reactor and what was being done to prevent further emissions of radioactive material : Reactor No. 1 The "  vapor " rising near the No. 1 reactor at the plant is "  only natural " and not a cause for alarm , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said Thursday , especially since water is now in that unit 's nuclear spent fuel pool . The temperature at the No. 1 reactor "  right now is going down , " he added . Light was restored Thursday in the No. 1 reactor 's central control room , a Tokyo Electric Power Co. official told CNN . But it was just a partial restoration , as workers continued to try to get electricity going for control panels and cooling system pumps at the reactor . Hidehiko Nishiyama , an official with Japan 's nuclear and industrial safety agency , said that the hope is to begin cooling the unit 's spent fuel pool -- which is thought to be fully or partially exposed -- on Friday using outside power . According to the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum , a nuclear industry group basing its data on official government and utility information , the No. 1 unit 's reactor core has been damaged , but its containment vessel was not . As of Thursday , the unit 's cooling systems were still not operational , with seawater being pumped into the reactor . Still , the building itself was "  severely damaged " by an earlier hydrogen explosion . There were concerns Thursday , according to the trade group , that pressure in the reactor was rising . Reactor No. 2 Nishiyama on Thursday described the No. 2 unit as "  quite stable . " But he did note -- but did not explain -- that there had been "  high radiation readings " nearby . Seawater continues to be pumped in an effort to cool down nuclear fuel rods and prevent the further emission of radioactive material into the atmosphere . Damage is "  suspected " in this unit 's containment vessel -- the only such vessel so compromised , according to the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum . The reactor 's core is also thought to be damaged . But the building itself has only been "  slightly damaged , " the same group reports . With the cooling system still not working , seawater has been injected into both the unit 's reactor and its spent nuclear fuel pool . Like units Nos. 1 and 3 , the reactor 's fuel rods are thought to be fully or partially exposed , leaving them susceptible to overheating and subsequent emissions of radioactive material into the air . Reactor No. 3 By 10 a.m. Thursday , black smoke spotted a day earlier rising from the No. 3 reactor had stopped , according to Nishiyama . He said the cause of the smoke remains unknown , speculating it may have come from burning oil or machinery nearby . Edano announced Thursday that , the previous day , three workers were exposed to more than 170 millisieverts of radiation while laying cable in the No. 3 reactor 's turbine building . Two of them were hospitalized . By Thursday , work had resumed at that reactor . Beginning shortly after 5:30 a.m. , about 500 tons of seawater began being injected into it , Nishiyama said . Authorities intend to eventually switch to adding fresh water , he said , without providing an explanation as to why or a timetable . In addition , firefighters from Tokyo and Yokohoma cities are preparing to spray another 500 tons of water toward that reactor 's nuclear spent fuel pool , which Nishiyama said could happen Thursday or Friday . These pools contain fuel rods that , if not cooled down , can overheat and , in the process , release radioactive vapors into the air . The building of the No. 3 reactor was "  severely damaged " after an explosion caused by the buildup of hydrogen gas , reports the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum . Its core reactor is also damaged , its fuel rods are either partly or fully exposed . As to its nuclear spent fuel pool , reports are that the pool itself was "  possibly damaged , " and the water level has been low -- a reason for the repeated spraying . On the positive side , the No. 3 unit 's containment vessel is not damaged , according to the nuclear trade group . Reactor No. 4 Members of Japan 's self-defense forces on Thursday doused the nuclear spent fuel pool at the No. 4 reactor . Nishiyama estimated that this effort should wrap up Friday . Along with the Nos. 5 and 6 units , the No. 4 was offline on a scheduled outage when the earthquake hit , and as a result the reactor 's water level and pressure are continued safe . But its nuclear spent fuel pool was "  possibly damaged , " which is why authorities have said its water levels are low and why they 've made repeated efforts to fill it up with seawater . Reactor No. 5 The No. 5 unit appears safe , for now , Nishiyama said . Workers were trying Thursday to repair the unit 's cooling system , which gave out the previous day . The temperatures in the unit remained relatively low , though authorities acknowledged that they could rise again if the cooling system is n't fixed soon . As with units Nos. 4 and 6 , this reactor was off on a scheduled outage when the quake hit and there are no major issues with the reactor and core itself . The nuclear spent fuel pool is thought to be functioning , aside from continued concerns about powering its cooling system to ensure that the fuel rods contained within remain cool . Reactor No. 6 The No. 6 unit appears safe , for now , Nishiyama said . Workers were trying Thursday to repair the unit 's cooling system , which gave out the previous day . The temperatures in the unit remained relatively low , though authorities acknowledged that they could rise again if the cooling system is n't fixed soon . The No. 6 reactor was offline when the tsunami struck , and there are no major concerns about the structure or safety of its core or containment vessel . The nuclear spent fuel pool is thought to be functioning , aside from continued concerns about powering its cooling system to ensure that the fuel rods contained within remain cool . This reactor was off on a scheduled outage when the quake hit and there are no major issues with the reactor and core itself . The nuclear spent fuel pool is thought to be functioning , aside from continued concerns about powering its cooling system to ensure that the fuel rods contained within remain cool .	Government officials note progress Thursday in efforts at the Fukushima Daiichi facility Major issues remain , especially at reactors Nos. 1 , 2 , 3 and 4
Johannesburg  CNN  -- For the Xhosa people of South Africa , death is traditionally not something to be talked about or to be planned for , no matter how inevitable or close it may seem . But those close to Nelson Mandela had little choice as the country 's first black leader lay in a Pretoria hospital and then at home in Johannesburg on life support . In the final years of his life , secret plans were hammered out between the government , the military and his family as they prepared for a fitting farewell for a great man . Below is a breakdown of how those plans will unfold over the next 10 days , culminating in a state funeral to be broadcast to millions worldwide and a very private farewell for those closest to him . As is often the case with events of this magnitude , plans might change due to weather , security and other factors . But for now , this is what the authorities and the family hope will happen . According to multiple sources involved with the planning of the final farewell to the South African icon , the 10 days of mourning will combine both Western traditions and those of the Thembu , Mandela 's native clan . Day 1 to Day 4 Mandela passed away at 8.50 p.m. Thursday  1.50 p.m. ET  , surrounded by his family , South African President Jacob Zuma said . CNN understands that during his final hours , Mandela would have also been surrounded by Thembu elders . Importantly , at some stage - either at his home or in the mortuary - the traditional leaders will gather for a first ceremony , a tradition called "  the closing of the eyes . " Throughout the ceremony , they 'll be talking to Mandela , as well as to his tribal ancestors , to explain what 's happening at each and every stage to ease the transition from life to beyond . After the ceremony , it 's believed Mandela 's body will be embalmed at the mortuary , which is understood to be a military hospital in Pretoria . Day 5 No formal public events will be held until five days after Mandela 's death when tens of thousands of people are expected to converge on the FNB Stadium , known as Soccer City in Soweto for a memorial service . It was at that stadium that in July 2010 Mandela made his last public appearance at the World Cup final . Spectators rose to their feet , their cheers partly drowned out by the deafening shriek of thousands of vuvuzelas to pay tribute to the then-92 - year-old who some had feared might be too infirm to show up . In stark contrast to the mood of elation , the atmosphere on Day 5 is expected to hang heavy with grief as a nation mourns Madiba . It is unclear whether Mandela 's casket will be there . Some world leaders might attend this memorial service instead of the state funeral later on in the week . A White House Official tells CNN the administration is working on plans for President Barack Obama to travel to South Africa to attend the memorial service . Day 6 to 8 According to sources , Mandela 's body will then lie in state for three days at the Union Buildings in Pretoria , the seat of power of the South African government . The first day will be reserved for dignitaries . The public will be allowed to file past his casket on days 7 and 8 . Viewing hours are expected to be limited to daylight . Long lines will likely form from the very early hours of the morning . It was at the historic Union Buildings that Mandela was inaugurated as president on May 10 , 1994 . On that extraordinary day , crowds converged around the building to witness history being made . That day , a former political prisoner achieved what was once unthinkable and became South Africa 's first post-apartheid black leader . Day 9 Nine days after Mandela 's death , a military aircraft will leave a Pretoria airbase and fly south to Mthatha , the main town in the South African province of Eastern Cape . Thembu elders and members of the Mandela family make the journey with Mandela 's casket . Thousands of mourners are expected to line the streets from Mthatha airport to watch as the military transports Mandela 's casket on a gun carriage to the remote village of Qunu , where the former leader spent his childhood years . Along the way the procession is expected to pause for prayers to allow ordinary South Africans to pay their respects . Once at Mandela 's house , the military will formally pass responsibility for his remains to his family . The South African flag that is expected to be draped over the coffin will be replaced with a traditional Xhosa blanket , symbolizing the return of one of their own . At dusk , ANC leaders , local chiefs and Mandela 's family are expected to gather for a private night vigil before a very public funeral the next day . Day 10 The funeral and burial will be on the grounds of Mandela 's Qunu home . It 's expected that thousands of people , including dozens of heads of state , will gather for the state funeral . The funeral will take place under a large tent nestled in the hills where Mandela ran and played as a child . A tight military cordon is expected , in an attempt to assuage security fears . The event will be broadcast to an audience of millions around the world . At midday - when the summer sun is high in the sky - Mandela will be buried into the rocky soil of his homeland . Only a few hundred close family members will bid that final farewell to Mandela as he is laid to rest . The burial area has been especially built for him ; some of Mandela 's long deceased family members are already buried at the site . It will be , according to custom , a homecoming . His grave site is surrounded by rocky outcrops , hardy grass used for the grazing cattle and bright orange aloe plants . The aloes are indigenous succulents which are hardy , drought-resistant , medicinal plants that bloom across the bushveld when all else is dry and dull . A symbolic floral gesture to a man whose life was filled with sacrifice and tragedy but who triumphed with a tenacity of spirit and hope in even the darkest of days .	CNN has a detailed account of how plans will unfold over the next 10 days The 10 days of mourning will combine both Western traditions and those of Mandela 's native clan No formal public events will be held until five days after Mandela 's death
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Richard Waltzer has a pitch for Cuba : Miller beer and Häagen-Dazs ice cream . If he has his way , those products soon will be available at supermarkets and beach resorts on the communist island . "  This is one of the things people are going to pay premium for , " Waltzer said , "  especially the tourists that have the dollars . It 's going to be a phenomenal product . " This week , dozens of Americans are in Havana , peddling their wares at an international trade fair : apples , pears , grapes , raisins , nuts out of California . U.S.-Cuba relations appear to be thawing . In Havana , billboards depicting the U.S. president as Adolf Hitler have disappeared . In Washington , President Obama has lifted restrictions on Cuban-American travel and money transfers . The new political climate has prompted companies such as Chicago Foods to come to Havana 's trade fair for the first time . They 're hoping to break into the little-known market and go home with a contract . Despite a trade embargo imposed against Cuba in 1962 , the United States is the No. 1 supplier of food to that country and has been for more than five years . A law passed in 2000 allows the United States to export agricultural products and medicine . But this year , the global economic crisis is taking its toll . "  Cuba has not been an exception , " said Rodrigo Malmierca Diaz , minister of foreign trade and investment . "  At the end of the third quarter in 2009 , our trade fell by 36 percent . " The country is slashing imports of U.S. food by one-third , which means some vendors will go home empty-handed . But vendors are betting U.S.-Cuba relations will only get better . They said they 're also hoping the next step could be bills in the U.S. Congress that would eliminate restrictions on all Americans traveling to Cuba . "  We 're in this for the long haul as well , " said Paul Johnson of Chicago Foods . "  Like I said before , we 're thinking about today as well as tomorrow . " A tomorrow that would have U.S. tourists sipping American beer on Cuban beaches .	New political climate prompts U.S. firms to come to Cuban trade fair for first time U.S. companies want to break into market and go home with a contract Cuba also reeling from global economic crisis Cuba is slashing imports of U.S. food by one-third
CNN  More than once accused of being culture-free , Australia 's third largest metropolis has a culture all its own , shaped by a palm-swaying climate . Cultural survival in the river-looped city relies on respecting some vital local lore . In the words of one local paper , "  You 're not from Brisbane until you ... " Get undressed This is the first lesson foreigners learn on visiting Brisbane , wedged along an eastern coastline lined with impressive beaches . Getting rid of unnecessary clothes is a question of survival . Too hot to bother with full and formal attire , dress code boils down to beachwear , skimpy dresses , shorts and thongs . Short-sleeved shirts will generally be more than accepted for business folk . Friendly reminder : In all of the country the ` thong ' is n't a sexy strip of underwear , but the cherished Aussie term for flip-flops . Only Brisbanites , jibes the local Courier Mail newspaper , will reach for a cardy  a cardigan  if the thermometer falls below 22C  72 F  -- which it rarely does . The dream climate has sucked in sun worshipers from all over the world -- one quarter of the population are foreigners . Start using "  Brissie " and "  togs " Brisbane has its own lingo . A swimming costume is no longer a "  cozzy , " as for other Aussies . Or swimmers or bathers . Those in Brissie call them "  togs . " Oh , and in this sport-worshiping state , "  The King " is n't Elvis but former homegrown sporting star Wally Lewis . Informalities come away like layers of clothes . "  Mate , " "  hey , " "  ay " and "  but " punctuate conversation . People here call Queensland Premier Campbell Newman "  Can Do " -- to his face ! They also debate the relative merits of the "  Goldie "  Gold Coast  to the south , and "  Sunny "  Sunshine Coast  Coast to the north . Like all Queenslanders , Brisbanites cop often unnecessary flak for speaking slowly , perhaps on account of the heat . Be ready for the storm Subtropical climes mean rain -- buckets of it . And hailstones the size of golf balls -- they 're declared "  natural enemy " number one by Brisbanites . Lighting and thunder are also familiar villains . The storms are regularly spectacular and also very damaging . Severe flooding has hit the city and state in recent years . Living in the city means always carrying a lightweight waterproof -- and being ready to take cover from the storm . Live the River The Brisbane River is the city 's lifeblood .  And it 's not uncommon for sharks to be caught in sections of the river  . Unfurling 16 kilometers  10 miles  inland from the Pacific Ocean , it Big Dippers through the city around a series of beak-shaped headlands . The river is a ticket to ride through one of Australia 's greenest urban settings . In forward-thinking Brissie , thickets of skyscrapers and urban bush land meet . You have to cruise the river to experience the city 's most iconic public transport -- the ferries . Free CityFerries and faster CityCats zip round a network of 24 terminals , allowing passengers to hop on and off to lap up Brisbane 's watery character . Ferries run from 6 a.m. to midnight , daily . Go walkabout Outdoor activities are Brisbane 's chief modus operandi . City overseers are prioritizing pedestrian and bike friendliness . Brisbanites wake up before dawn to dart about along verdant harborside paths or on the 24-hour CityCycle biking sharing plan . A circuit-walking trail links the foreshore Botanic Gardens , Parliament House and Old Government House . Pedestrians can follow it across the river , via the car-free Goodwill Bridge , and walk through South Bank 's museums and restaurants . The stunning LED-lit Kurilpa footbridge will take you back to the central business district . Nicknamed "  sticks bridge "  due to its spiky appearance  , it was the world 's largest solar-powered bridge until London 's Blackfriars stole its thunder last January . The "  tensegrity " construction relies on tension in the cables between the pillars to stay upright . Go suburban Australian suburbia is the spread that does n't fit in a Vegemite jar . Being a few miles upstream from the city center in Brisbane is no crime . In fact it 's seen as a lifestyle plus . Hot to trot neighborhoods dot the riverbanks -- Fortitude Valley  or just the Valley  and Paddington have vibrant restaurant and bar scenes . Further along from trendy Teneriffe in New Farm is Bulimba . Proliferating swimming pools and architect-designed homes have seen median house prices here outstrip $ 1 million . But there 's a breezy village feel among Oxford Street 's bookshops , cafes and cinemas . Ferrying here , you 'll get a sense of leaving the city behind , as bushy reserves surge . Picnic in a park The picnic is the crux of Brisbane 's public bonding culture . Locals head en masse to riverside parks for picnicking , barbies and mingling . With 1,820 parks and gardens , this is supposedly Australia 's most bio-diverse capital . It aims to be its greenest by 2016 -- carbon neutral and crammed with trees . Sprawling greens , multipurpose pathways and barbecue areas flank riverbanks north  city side  and south . The Brunswick Street ferry stop will land you in New Farm Park . Some 18,000 people flood here every week according to management , "  to picnic , play , eat , dance , ponder , gaze and wonder . " You can also awe at the willowy Queenslander houses , perched high on flood-defying stilts . Get cultural If you do n't cross the Brisbane River , you risk missing all the culture concentrated on the southside . Comedian Barry Humphries -- aka Dame Edna Everage -- helped spark the great Brisbane cultural debate with the disparaging quip : "  Australia is the Brisbane of the world . " These days , cries of intellectual destitution are difficult to sustain among the billowing art and science institutions of South Bank . The capital for culture is Stanley Place . The white-stone-swathed "  Cultural Precinct " is home to the Queensland Art Gallery and Gallery of Modern Art . Collectively they 're known as "  QAGOMA . " Entry is free , barring special exhibitions . Love thy mall Brisbane 's "  big country town " reputation of the past lives on in pockets of the beloved Queen Street Mall . The downtown strip is a mishmash of Seventies shops , ultra-mod glassy office tower-hotels and steel clad sunshades . The 26-point City Centre Heritage Trail shows you the colonial anachronisms among the flourishing skyscrapers . Church spires and Edwardian-Baroque facades from the 1800s mingle with neon casino lights and bar upon bar . Brisbane 's love of blingy buildings and nightlife spawned its endearing tag , BrisVegas . Down a lager Brisbane pub culture is perched somewhere between traditional drinking holes and sleek modern emporiums . Once grabbing a pint of XXXX  pronounced "  four-ex "  beer while singing along with locals as they croon "  Love you Brisbane " is a good way to get involved . Nowadays the drinking scene -- like the city -- is a lot more sophisticated , with a wide range of Australian brews  large and micro-breweries  available pretty much everywhere . Not to mention the rising crop of cocktail and wine-focused bars . Know your wildlife Australians love their nature and wild beasts . Be warned -- in Brisbane "  local wildlife " may refer to two-meter-long pythons , dwelling in people 's backyards . Not to a raucous night out on the town . Tasmanian-born Tamara Thiessen is a freelance writer who has written guidebooks to Australia , France , Italy and Malaysia , and cultural histories of Sydney and Rome .	Australia 's third-largest city , Brisbane has a local culture all its own Picnics are a primary form of social bonding The city has its own lingo and celebrities known as "  Can Do " and "  The King " "  Fourex " does n't mean "  forex " here . Read on to find out what it refers to
Washington  CNN  -- In rare bipartisan accord , normally quarrelsome U.S. lawmakers passed a measure designed to end budget-related air traffic controller furloughs blamed for widespread flight delays . The House of Representatives approved the legislation , capping a major congressional initiative as delays snarled traffic at airports . The House vote comes a day after unanimous approval by the U.S. Senate . The measure -- which is expected to be signed into law by President Obama -- gives the Transportation Department budget planners new flexibility for dealing with forced spending cuts . It would also allow authorities to protect 149 control towers at small - and medium-sized airports that are slated for closure for budgetary reasons . "  Good news for America 's traveling public , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said a day before the House vote . "  But ultimately , this is no more than a temporary Band-Aid that fails to address the overarching threat to our economy posed by the sequester 's mindless across the board cuts . " Furloughs affecting some 15,000 Federal Aviation Administration air traffic controllers began this week with the agency saying it had no flexibility to avert them without action by Congress . Under the sweeping austerity triggered by congressional inaction on deficit reduction , the FAA was required to cut $ 600 million from its budget . The furloughs have delayed more than 3,000 flights since Sunday , according to FAA tallies . By comparison , there were more than 4,400 delays due to weather and other factors , the agency said . Controller furloughs and the planned closure of towers that are privately run but overseen by federal aviation regulators have become political flash points in the partisan-fueled debate over spending in Washington . They have been highlighted by many to illustrate a clear nationwide consequence of the $ 85 billion in government-wide cuts that took effect in March and may otherwise not be apparent to the public . Vocal and politically powerful aviation interests have argued that the budget cuts affecting their industry would hurt business , travelers and cost jobs . More than 600 million people fly U.S. airlines each year , figures show . During the furloughs , controllers have been spacing planes farther apart at key centers so they can manage traffic with current staffing , the FAA said . Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins said she worried that continued FAA furloughs could jeopardize jobs throughout the travel and hospitality industry . Earlier this spring , Congress approved a stop-gap budget law that would , among other things , ease budget cuts for the departments of Agriculture , Commerce , Defense , Homeland Security , Justice , and Veterans Affairs . The deal moved quickly through the Senate . "  Something rare has happened in Washington ; the Senate came together on a bipartisan basis to put common sense before politics , " Republican Sen. Jerry Moran of Kansas said Thursday . CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Jim Acosta , Dana Bash and Kevin Liptak and CNNMoney 's Jennifer Liberto contributed to this report	NEW : President Obama expected to sign bill after House passage Furloughs affected 15,000 flight controllers due to forced , government-wide spending cuts Controller staffing shortages began this week , affecting airline flights The bipartisan Senate plan would give transportation planners new budget flexibility
It 's not enough to eat good food , sit by the beach and sleep in for a week . Sometimes you need to make the most of downtime by stripping away anything that could potentially cause stress , including children . Whether you need a recovery trip on the heels of spring break or a haven from other people 's cranky toddlers , some hotels and resorts remove that unpredictable variable of youth and allow for a special kind of exclusivity : adults-only properties . The model is most widely available at beach destinations , where hoteliers are focused on traveling couples intent on a more romantic atmosphere . An adults-only situation allows the resort to tailor its amenities to fit the needs of guests of a certain age , which could mean massages for two on the beach instead of chicken nuggets on the menu . But it 's not just tucked-away resorts that are adopting this grown-up business model . The Out NYC , billed as New York 's first "  gay urban resort , " is eschewing anyone under 21 from booking a stay . "  I created the Out NYC to be a sanctuary steps from Times Square , " says Ian Reisner , the hotel 's founder . "  Creating an adult-only resort in the city offers a welcoming environment for like-minded travelers away from the frenetic pace of the city . " No matter the location , adults-only accommodations come with the guarantee that you wo n't be interrupted by crying babies or rambunctious children . But be warned , this type of added luxury does n't come cheap . "  When you 're choosing your vacation destination , you 're paying for the experience , and adults-only resorts can have a higher price point because they offer the ultimate experience , " says travel agent Jason Hedrick . Check out these retreats if you 're in need of a little family-free R&R : Glenmere Mansion , New York 's Hudson Valley This country retreat 50 miles from New York City is strictly for the over 18 crowd , including both of its fine dining restaurants , which are open to nonhotel guests . Originally built in 1911 , the Italianate mansion houses 18 guestrooms , which range from standard to sprawling suites , all individually designed and overlooking either the estate 's gardens or Glenmere Lake . Rub elbows with the other guests in the elegant public spaces , from the fireplaced library to the outdoor heated pool or the championship croquet court . Twin Farms , Barnard , Vermont This luxury Relais & Chateaux hideaway set on 300 acres in Vermont affords guests one-of-a-kind privacy . Most of the 20 guestrooms  you can choose from suites or cottages  are spread out , so it 's entirely possible to avoid other guests altogether . Instead you can hobnob with boldface names from the art world ; expect to see works by modern masters such as Roy Lichtenstein and Jasper Johns hanging on walls . Come winter , ski enthusiasts will also appreciate Twin Farms ' six private skiing trails . It 's almost like having an entire mountain to yourself . Be warned , however , that the property does open itself up to families with children a few times a year -- allowing even the youngest travelers to revel in its splendor . El Dorado Casitas Royale , Riviera Maya , Mexico Adjacent to Karisma Hotels ' El Dorado Royale -- an adults-only beachside complex -- is an uber-luxury sister resort called El Dorado Casitas Royale , where private casitas sit right on the beach . Guests who opt to book one of these exclusive retreats for two have their own Jacuzzis , private beach beds , butler service and pools and restaurants to choose from , plus access to the amenities next door . The Out NYC , New York The year-old Out NYC is a rare urban refuge : While the rest of this list features properties in the countryside or by water , the Out NYC is one of the few city hotels that target a specific age bracket . The "  straight friendly " resort does n't accept reservations from anyone under 21 . So those looking to check out its 104 rooms , the 5,000-square-foot wellness facilities , the popular Mediterranean-inspired KTCHN Restaurant and the XL Nightclub , Cabaret & Lounge -- the first nightly gay party venue to open in the city in 15 years -- have to prove they are old enough to drink alcohol in the United States . Ponta dos Ganchos , Santa Catarina , Brazil This exclusive resort in southern Brazil is so out of the way , it 's not uncommon for guests  ages 18 and up  to arrive via private helicopters , landing on the on-site helipad . Situated on a peninsula , Ponta dos Ganchos has 25 villas , which feature private verandas and comfortable hammocks for enjoying panoramic water views . The pricier units really up the luxury quotient with plunge pools , saunas and Jacuzzis . Yellow Lagos Meia Praia Hotel , Lagos , Portugal Lagos is one of Portugal 's most beautiful coastal destinations known for idyllic spots for swim and surf . A reputation like this does n't go unnoticed by sun-hungry Europeans of all ages . Find refuge at Yellow , where unobstructed views of Meia Praia beach are reserved for the over 17 crowd . If a break from the water is what you 're after , the hotel is near a golf course and within walking distance of Lagos ' historic city center , where you can settle in on one of its many restaurant patios for fresh fish .	Some resorts cater to a mostly 18-plus crowd with deluxe amenities Ponta dos Ganchos in Brazil is tucked away on a private peninsula The Out NYC is geared toward gay guests in the heart of the city
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Frank DiPascali , formerly the finance chief at Bernard Madoff 's investment advisory business , pleaded guilty in federal court in Manhattan on Tuesday to 10 charges including securities fraud and international money laundering . Frank DiPascali , center in this courtroom sketch , said he knew for about 20 years he was engaged in wrongdoing . The charges carry a maximum sentence of 125 years . With his guilty plea , DiPascali waived his right to a trial . As Tuesday 's hearing commenced , U.S. District Judge Richard J. Sullivan explained that for him to accept DiPascali 's guilty plea , DiPascali would have to sufficiently convince him that he was , in fact , guilty . That set the stage for a dramatic statement from DiPascali about his history at Madoff 's firm , his personal relationship with Madoff , and the mechanics of a multibillion-dollar Ponzi scheme for which Madoff was convicted in June . While DiPascali 's guilty plea and the judge 's acceptance of it were expected , both the defense and the prosecution were surprised by the judge 's decision to reject DiPascali 's bail agreement -- and to have him escorted from the courtroom in handcuffs . The defense and even the prosecution pleaded with the judge not to order DiPascali into custody . Prosecutors told the judge they believed remanding DiPascali would impede the "  efficiency " of their Madoff investigation . Marc Mukasey , the lead defense attorney , stood multiple times to dispute the decision , variously suggesting to the judge that DiPascali instead be put under house detention , that he wear an electronic monitoring device , and that the decision on his bail agreement be postponed for 48 to 72 hours . He added that DiPascali 's family was "  completely unprepared " for this outcome . While Sullivan patiently heard out Mukasey 's many counterproposals , he refused to back down from his decision , asserting that DiPascali was too serious a flight risk given the "  astronomical " maximum sentence he may receive . The judge also said that he could not "  overlook the conduct -LSB- DiPascali -RSB- admitted to " despite DiPascali 's avowed determination to do the right thing henceforth . Though DiPascali remained outwardly calm for much of Tuesday 's proceedings , the judge 's decision not to grant him bail appeared to stun him . He seemed in a daze as it became clear he would leave the courtroom in handcuffs , cupping his head in his hands and rubbing his temples . Earlier in his testimony , DiPascali recounted how he joined Madoff 's company as a newly minted high-school grad in 1975 . He held numerous jobs during his 33-year tenure -- options trader and research analyst among them -- but above all he was a "  guy who did whatever he was told to do around the office . " Working side by side with Madoff for decades , DiPascali developed a tight bond with his employer . "  Bernie was a mentor to me and more , " he said , adding that he was "  loyal to a terrible , terrible fault . " His sense of loyalty led him to falsify documents for his boss for years on end , he said . Using a financial program , he looked up historical prices of stocks and then drafted customer statements showing bogus stock transactions . He calculated theoretical commissions that the business should have received from the trades that it did not actually make , and then wired money from account to account to make those commissions appear , he said . And as a principal point of contact for investors in Madoff 's investment advisory business , DiPascali said , he also regularly fielded calls from investors curious about how their money was being managed , knowing that the trades he told them about were entirely fictitious . He said he had been aware that what he was doing was wrong since the "  late '80s , early '90s . " "  I do n't know how I went from an 18-year-old kid who happened to have a job -LSB- to -RSB- standing in front of you today , " he said . DiPascali repeatedly stated that he perpetrated the massive fraud in collusion "  with others , " though he specified neither who those other were nor how many they numbered . DiPascali said he rationalized to himself that Madoff 's victims would have a soft landing if the Ponzi scheme ever came crumbling down . He said he thought Madoff had assets he could liquefy in a worst-case scenario . "  I know my apology means nothing , " DiPascali said . His voice quavered as he expressed remorse for his part in swindling charities that had invested with Madoff . Miriam Siegman , a Madoff victim who said she lost 40 years ' worth of personal savings in the scheme and was now on the brink of homelessness , asked the judge to reject DiPascali 's guilty plea . She insisted that the "  full truth " would come out only if DiPascali stood trial . Both legal teams said they expected sentencing to happen in May . Each side will have the opportunity to submit documents and testimonies in support of or against DiPascali before Sullivan hands down the sentence . DiPascali is the second person involved in the Madoff scheme to land behind bars as a result of the fraud . In June , Madoff pleaded guilty to 11 counts and was sentenced to 150 years in prison for masterminding the scheme . Prosecutors have said it was the largest investor fraud committed by a single person , totaling billions in losses to investors .	NEW : Judge denies bail for Frank DiPascali , despite deal he had with prosecutors DiPascali , Bernie Madoff 's fiance chief , pleads guilty to securities fraud Madoff was sentenced to prison this year for orchestrating Ponzi scheme DiPascali admits to creating false statements with historical stock prices
` SINDH KALAY ' , England  CNN  -- The aroma of freshly baking flatbread wafts through the air as a unit of British soldiers position themselves for a quick patrol around the village of Sindh Kalay . A British soldier on patrol in the mock Afghan village of Sindh Kalay . Market vendors hawk grapes and melons , as a group of village elders sit smoking water pipes and suspicious-looking men lurk beside battered motorcycles . What should the soldiers do ? Conduct a weapons search ? Approach the village elders first ? In the complex political and cultural terrain of Afghanistan , what is the best course of action ? Except this is not Afghanistan . It 's Norfolk , England . Instead of the Hindu Kush mountains , it is the green ladscape and tidy farmhouses of the English countryside that stretch out behind them . Welcome to the British Army 's state-of-the art training ground . It cost more than $ 20 million to build and every British soldier serving in Afghanistan will do his or her training here . "  I think it 's the closest thing you are going to get short of being in Afghanistan itself , " says Col. David Colthup of the 2nd Battalion of the Yorkshire Regiment . His troops have already served one tour of duty in Afghanistan 's Helmand province and are training for another . British troops serving in Helmand province are tasked with mentoring and training Afghan security forces . Not an easy job in a Taliban stronghold and Afghanistan 's center of opium production . "  Ultimately , a soldier joins the army and trains to fight . That 's what a soldier trains to do . But today , it 's a much , much more complex environment , " explains Colthup . "  The business of being able to interact either through an interpreter or through Afghan security forces , whether they are police or army . And to understand how the people operate and how we can interact better with them . Because ultimately , that 's what it 's about , " he says . The most distinctive features of Sindh Kalay are the high three-meter walls that make up the village compound , creating narrow alleyways difficult for troops to patrol . The village is staffed with Afghan asylum-seekers , many of whom have fled the Taliban . They play the roles of market vendors , village elders and sometimes Afghan security forces . Several Afghan women are also on hand , useful for training British soldiers on the religious and cultural sensitivities of entering an Afghan home . Watch British troops training in mock Afghan village " The Taliban insurgents are played by Nepalese Ghurkha soldiers authorized to handle weapons . They play their roles silently , unable to partake in the Pashtun banter among the Afghans . Fazel Beria is also an asylum-seeker from Afghanistan . He is responsible for recruiting and for creating the sights and smells of Sindh Kalay and is easily identifiable as the only Afghan in the market in Western clothes . He beams with pride walking down the bazaar and clearly relishes his role in training the British Army . "  Everything with the culture comes up with the issue of hearts and minds , " he explains . "  If you want to win that , you need to know about their culture . You need to respect their culture , their religion and their way of life . " He gives high marks to the soldiers training so far . After each exercise , the Afghan actors talk directly to the soldiers about what went wrong and what went right . Sometimes , it 's the little things that count . "  Yes , there have been quite a lot of surprises , " Beria says . Like Afghan will sit cross legged for hours . "  The British soldier can not do that , " he laughs . "  The Afghan will be sitting very comfortable and the British soldier is not . So , they have to get used to it . " See photos of British troops on patrol in Sindh Kalay -- and for real in Afghanistan " Previously , the army trained on farmhouses and in urban neighborhoods that resembled Northern Ireland more than Afghanistan . But Sindh Kalay does more than mimic the physical reality of Afghanistan . It also mirrors the changing tactics on the ground . Troops are grilled in IED training by amputees that act out the violence with latex wounds and fake blood . When a new IED tactic is discovered by troops in Afghanistan it is communicated to Sindh Kalay and put into practice immediately . "  Before we had this , it was n't realistic enough , " says Col. Richard Westley , head of training here . "  I think if you 're going to be asking young men and women to go and risk their lives in someone else 's country , then you have a moral obligation to prepare them for that environment . And that 's what this village does . It gives them the isolation and complexity of an Afghan village . Which we ca n't do with farmhouses which represent Western Europe . " Some of the details in the Afghan village do n't quite ring true . The slabs of lamb and beef hanging from the market stalls are plastic , as are the grapes and melons the vendors try and sell to the British soldiers . Still , Sindh Kalay is eerily effective . When soldiers sit down for a "  shura " or meeting with village elders , helicopters buzz overhead and the soldiers seem surprised to be served a homemade yogurt and cucumber drink . But the unit commander ca n't help laughing when one of the Afghan village heads pulls out a "  list of damages " by British troops . It turns out to be a receipt for the local supermarket .	British soldiers train in mock Afghan village before deployment to Afghanistan Village features Afghan asylum-seekers as vendors , elders , Afghan forces Taliban militants are played by Nepalese Ghurkha soldiers Village trains soldiers to understand Afghan customs , respect Afghan culture
CNN  -- What do you do when your 10-year-old son wakes up in the middle of the night screaming , "  There 's a ` roo in my room ! " Beat Ettlin wrestled a kangaroo out of his house near Canberra after it crashed through a window . If you 're Beat Ettlin , you wrest the marsupial into a headlock , drag it down your hallway and toss it out your front door . Ettlin and his family were woken early Sunday when a 6-foot-tall kangaroo crashed through a window , landed on their bed and thrashed around their house in the suburb of Garran , south of the capital of Canberra , Australia . "  At first , he  my husband  thought it was a lunatic ninja , " said Ettlin 's wife , Verity Beman . "  It leaped through the window , this martial-arts kind of figure . It was very Jackie Chan . " The family 's one-story house is in a suburb that butts against a kangaroo reserve . About 2 a.m. Sunday , their dog began barking furiously . Possibly possums , they thought . The family had put up with possums scampering across their roof every night since they moved in three weeks ago . Moments later , the window was smashed and a black figure landed on their bed . Ettlin , after gathering his wits about him , exclaimed , "  It 's OK . It 's only a kangaroo , " Beman recalled . "  I was cowered under the quilt , thinking , ` No , it 's not OK , ' " she said . The kangaroo jumped on top of the blanket that Beman and her 9-year-old daughter were hiding under . It then leaped onto the nightstand , punched holes in the furniture and left blood stains on the wall as it bounced into their son 's room . "  That 's when his male instinct kicked in , " Beman said of her husband . After putting the 90-pound creature in a choke hold , Ettlin kept it low to the ground and pulled it toward the front door . He knew that kangaroos carry their strength on their hind legs , Beman said . "  He held it by one arm . He opened the front door with the other , then the screen door , " she said . "  It bounced across our veranda and bounced away . " Ettlin is a chef , originally from the Swiss city of Stans . Beman thinks he would not have tackled the kangaroo so readily were he Australian . "  They would be fully aware of the risk , " she said . The house in shambles -- with blood and shattered glass everywhere -- Ettlin stood surveying the damage in his shredded underpants . Scratch marks ran down his leg , but otherwise he was fine . "  I kept marveling at what he did , " Beman said . "  I called him my hero . My hero in Bonds undies . "	Beat Ettlin wrestles with kangaroo that leapt through window into house Kangaroo jumped into son 's room but Ettlin got it in a headlock Wife : "  It leaped through the window , this martial-arts figure . It was very Jackie Chan "
CNN  Syria is a Hell on Earth that is expanding in plain sight . The death toll there has doubled in a year 's time , if an opposition group is right . Since civil war broke out there , 310,000 people have been killed , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Thursday . A year earlier , SOHR 's tally stood at 162,402 . And the year before , the United Nations put the death toll at 70,000 . Violence has plunged well over half of all Syrians into such destitution that they are in dire need of survival aid , the United Nations says , as food rations are being cut for lack of donations . Numbers alone ca n't convey the immeasurable anguish of millions , but maybe it can remind the rest of us of the magnitude of the world 's currently greatest tragedy . The number of years since perpetual bloodshed began , since dictator Bashar al-Assad 's security forces fired on crowds of demonstrators and armed militant groups rose up against him in March 2011 . Percentage of the Syrian population killed . It would be like killing 3 to 4 million Americans . The range comes from the SOHR 's death toll of 310,000 and a recent lower estimate by the U.N. of at least 220,000 dead . The number of Syrians in need of immediate life-saving aid , according to the U.N. That 's the population of Moscow . Syrians driven from their homes , the U.N. says . Imagine the entire Boston metropolitan area emptied out . Syrians who have fled as refugees to neighboring countries , creating humanitarian and economic hardship across Syria 's borders . Turkey has taken in 1.7 million , Lebanon 1.2 million , Jordan 625,000 , and Iraq 245,000 . The reduction in the size of food rations the World Food Programme says it has been forced to make due to a lack of donations . That means people receiving aid will get only 60 % of the daily nutrition they need .	More people have been displaced than live in Moscow ; more people lost their homes than live in greater Boston The WFP has cut food ration sizes by 30 % for lack of donations
-LSB- Breaking news update , posted at 5:48 a.m. ET -RSB- A gang task force arrested a man in connection with a Friday shooting near a high school in Portland , Oregon , police said in a statement Saturday . -LSB- Previous story , posted at 3:20 a.m. ET -RSB- Portland police search for shooter after 4 wounded near high school CNN  -- Police searched Friday for a man suspected of shooting four young people near a high school in Portland , Oregon , authorities said . All of the wounded were conscious when medical technicians arrived at Rosemary Anderson High School , police said in a statement . Three of the victims were taken to a local hospital . One victim , Taylor Zimmers , 16 , is in critical condition . Two more , David Jackson-Liday , 20 , and Labraye Franklin , 17 , are in fair condition . A 17-year-old girl suffered a grazing wound in the shooting and was treated on the scene . "  All four gunshot victims are affiliated with the school , " police said . The shooting happened around 12:15 p.m. local time not far from the campus in north Portland , police spokesman Sgt. Pete Simpson said . After being shot , at least three victims ran inside a school building , a caller told authorities . "  I saw him stumble into the school holding his stomach , he said my brother 's name and then he fell on the ground , " one student told CNN affiliate KATU . The suspect may be affiliated with a gang but it 's not known if the shooting was gang-related or "  a personal beef , " Simpson said . An argument may have preceded the shooting . The suspect was described as a male in his late teens or early 20s and he was accompanied by two other males in the same age range . They left the area quickly on foot , Simpson said . He said the police department 's gang task force was investigating . Agents from the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives also arrived to assist , he said . The school system website says Rosemary Anderson High enrolls about 200 at-risk students who "  have either been expelled or dropped out of public high school and many are homeless . " All the shooting victims were students at the school or had taken job training or been enrolled in other programs there , Simpson said . The victims were breathing , conscious and talking as they were transported to Legacy Emanuel Medical Center , Simpson said . The campus was locked down for a while but classes later resumed , Simpson said . Nearby Jefferson High School and Portland Community College were locked down as police sought the shooter , authorities said , but the lockdown was lifted after a few hours . A man who said he 's the pastor of one of the shooting victims told KOIN that the shooting was "  heartbreaking . " "  The young man I know attends our church frequently who is , according to my understanding , not involved in any criminal activity , he is a bright young man , " said Jason Nelson of Cornerstone Community Church of God in Christ . "  You hear about shootings every day and when it comes close to your school it 's heartbreaking . " Another school shooting occurred about six months ago in the Portland area . One person was killed June 10 at Reynolds High School in Troutdale , about 12 miles east of Portland . One person was killed .	Portland police say gang task force is investigating The shooting happened near a school campus in north Portland Wounded victims ran into a building at the school , police said Police say the shooter fled the scene accompanied by two other males
Japan is using YouTube to bolster assertions of ownership over islands also claimed by neighboring China and South Korea . Japan 's Foreign Ministry published the two videos on its official YouTube channel , under the username MOFAchannel , October 16 . In one , Tokyo 's claim over the Senkaku islands -- known as the Diaoyu islands in China -- are supported through old black-and-white photographs and a timeline of events starting with a document dating back to 1895 . In the other , similar pictures and a chronology of events starting from 1900 illustrate Japan 's claim to the Takeshima islands , known as the Dokdo islands in Korean . Both videos have received more than half a million page views since they were published . China and South Korea both criticized Japan 's social media push . "  The Diaoyu Islands and other affiliated islands have always been Chinese territory . China has solid evidence to prove this , " the Chinese government stressed in an official statement . "  No matter what propaganda measures Japan takes , it will not change the fact that the Diaoyu Islands belong to China . We strongly urge Japan to correct its attitude and stop all kinds of provocative acts . " In South Korea , lawmakers from the country 's major parties vowed to counter Japan 's "  provocative " moves , according to the semi-official Yonhap news agency . South Korea 's foreign ministry also demanded Tokyo take down its Dokdo island video and summoned a Japanese diplomatic official to lodge a formal complaint . In reply , Tokyo has said the videos will remain -- and its Foreign Ministry plans to produce videos on the Kuril islands claimed by Russia and on the official name of the Sea of Japan , according to Japan 's Kyodo news . "  The government is doing what we must do regularly , from the viewpoint of promoting a more correct understanding of the situation surrounding our country , " explained a Foreign Ministry press secretary at a news conference in Tokyo .	Japan posts YouTube videos on official channel supporting claims to disputed islands China , South Korea criticize Japan 's moves as "  provocative " Tokyo says it will not take down controversial videos and will add more
CNN  -- The 2011 Rugby World Cup is nearly upon us , with millions of fans worldwide eager for the tournament in New Zealand to get under way . But while rugby union is hugely popular in the British Isles , parts of continental Europe and areas of the southern hemisphere , it remains a mystery to many global sports fans . So if you do n't know a try from a conversion , a lineout out from a scrum , or a ruck from a maul , check out our bluffer 's guide and enjoy the six-week long festival of rugby in the comfort of your new knowledge .	The 2011 Rugby World Cup will begin on Friday in New Zealand The opening match will see the hosts take on Tonga Held every four years , the tournament will run from September 9 to October 23
CNN  -- Rail experts Tuesday questioned the effectiveness of one step being taken by New York 's Metro-North Railroad to ensure safety one week after the derailment of a speeding commuter train killed four people and injured dozens of others . The Metropolitan Transportation Authority , which operates the railroad , said late Sunday that "  alerter " systems -- which require engineers to respond to alerts , sound an alarm if they are unresponsive and eventually brake the train in an emergency -- will be installed in every operator cab within the next year . Currently , such systems in the engineer 's position are present in two-thirds of the railroad 's fleet . The Hudson line train that derailed on December 1 had an alerter system in the engine car at the rear but not in the front cab , where the engineer apparently nodded off at the controls as the train approached a curve at 82 miles per hour . The engineer 's lawyer and union representatives said the train 's hypnotic motion may have caused him to nod off -- a case of what the lawyer termed "  highway hypnosis . " Man vs. machine : Who should be at the wheel ? Steven Harrod , a University of Dayton professor and expert on railway operations , said the effectiveness of "  alerter " systems is debatable . "  It 's not the cure all for all problems , " he told CNN . "  Research has been done showing that some crews are adapting to these ` alerters ' and they 're still sleeping to the ` alerters . ' It 's that whole highway hypnosis thing . " A 2007 study of "  alerter " technology by Massachusetts Institute of Technology said , "  Engineers can become inattentive and keep hitting the alerter even when nodding off . ` Alerter naps ' has become a commonly used term . " The study cited a 2006 National Transportation Safety Board investigation report on a freight train collision in Macdona , Texas , in which escaping liquified chlorine ultimately killed the conductor and two local residents . The study said the engineer experienced what it called "  alerter naps " in which he "  apparently drifted in and out of micro-sleep . " "  I view the alerter devices as being only partially effective , " Steven Ditmeyer , a former Federal Railroad Administration official who teaches at Michigan State University , said in an e-mail . "  During my years in the railroad industry , there have been numerous occasions when locomotive engineers have responded to alerter alarms while being in less than a fully conscious state . " While two-thirds of Metro-North 's operating fleet is equipped with alerters in the engineer 's position , the remaining one-third is equipped with "  dead man " controls , another safety measure which theoretically requires the conductor make continuous conscious input to keep the train running . At the time of the accident , the train was in "  push mode , " meaning that the locomotive was in the rear of the train pushing it along the tracks , with engineer William Rockefeller in a cabin at the front operating it remotely . His cabin was equipped with a "  dead man pedal " that required constant downward pressure with the foot to keep the train moving , the MTA has said . The dead man pedal was working properly , authorities said . The newer model locomotive in the rear , however , was equipped with an alerter system which sounds a tone every 25 seconds , requiring the engineer to respond with a tap within 15 seconds while the train is in steady motion . Late Sunday , the MTA said it was taking additional safety measures : Signal crews installed new protections at the bend near the Spuyten Duyvil station in the Bronx -- where the fatal derailment occurred -- to warn engineers of the speed reduction and automatically apply emergency brakes if speed is not lowered to 30 mph . By Tuesday morning , the MTA said , Metro-North also enhanced communication between engineers and conductors to ensure trains are operated at safe speeds at four other critical curves and five movable bridges . Conductors will stand with engineers at the control cab through the critical curves or they will communicate by radio . On Monday , the NTSB continued to rule out mechanical causes in a deadly crash while adding to the possibility that human error was involved . The NTSB said it has completed its inspection of the train and found no anomalies . The board found no problems with speed sensors , the brake control unit or the train 's propulsion controller . At 7:11 a.m. that Sunday -- about 11 minutes before the derailment -- the engineer did not dim the train 's headlights as required when it passed another train , the NTSB said Monday . It also said it believes that positive train control , a costly , high-tech system that targets human error , could have prevented the crash . The safety board has pushed the system for about 20 years . Congress is requiring most major railroads , including Metro-North , to install the costly systems by the end of 2015 . David Rangel , an instructor at the Modoc Railroad Academy in Marion , Illinois , advocates putting another person in the engineer 's cab of commuter trains , a practice that is common in freight trains and airplane cockpits . "  It will increase the cost , of course , but the alternative that the railroads are looking at , and the federal government is trying to force on the railroads , positive train control , is certainly much more costly , " Rangel told CNN . "  We 're into the hundreds of millions of dollars right now and we have n't even had the implementation of that system . ... The problem here is that we are dealing with humans in the cabs of those locomotives and we have frailties . "	Rail experts question a step taken to make trains safer after Metro-North wreck Authorities are requiring "  alerters " in every operator cab by end of 2015 Expert : "  Alerter devices ... only partially effective "
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania teen has been charged as an adult for allegedly planning to kill classmates he did not like before turning the gun on himself in a high school shooting spree , a Pennsylvania prosecutor said Tuesday . Richard Yanis allegedly stole three handguns from his father and told police he planned to "  shoot students in the school and then himself " at Pottstown High School , Montgomery County District Attorney Risa Vetri Ferman said in a press release . Yanis , 15 , was charged with attempted murder in adult court because juvenile law in Montgomery County excludes crimes committed with a deadly weapon , Ferman said . The investigation began when the teen 's father reported that three handguns were stolen from a secured gun locker in his basement , Ferman said . His son allegedly took a Smith & Wesson .357 caliber revolver , a Smith & Wesson .22 caliber semi-automatic pistol and a Colt .45 caliber semi-automatic pistol , Ferman said . Richard Yanis gave the guns and ammunition to an unnamed friend from school and asked him to "  hold onto it , " the statement said . The friend allegedly showed his stepmother the guns , and the two drove to a nearby creek where they tossed in the weapons . The friend told a teacher at Pottstown High School what happened , and police were called . Yanis told police he planned to attack the school after the New Year , officials said . "  He was going to go into the school shooting , shoot everyone he did not like , and then himself , " Ferman said . "  He was to have the guns loaded and have the additional ammunition inside his backpack , " she said . "  On the day of the planned shooting , Yanis said he was going to tell his friends to go home from school . " John Armato , director of community relations at Pottstown Senior High School , described Yanis "  as quiet , relatively introverted . " "  He did not have a great number of friends or a history of discipline problems , " Armato said . "  He had no history of aggressive behaviors in school . " Yanis ' parents had no comment , but family friend Brian Hanlon spoke on their behalf . "  I can say that it was definitely out of character , but that his parents are dealing with it as best as possible , " Hanlon said . "  They want everyone to respect their privacy at this time while dealing with these events . " CNN 's Chloe Melas contributed to this report .	Richard Yanis charged with attempted murder for alleged high school shooting plot Yanis , 15 , planned to kill people he did n't like and then himself , prosecutor says Teen is charged as adult because of use of gun in alleged plot , prosecutor says Teen described as introverted , no history of aggressive behavior
CNN  NBA star Chris Paul has been called for many technical fouls through the years . His latest is drawing perhaps the most notice , and his criticism of the female referee who called it has drawn a $ 25,000 fine from the league . The conversation around the technical has centered on what Paul said about rookie referee Lauren Holtkamp , one of two female officials in the NBA . The NBA said Paul was being fined for "  public criticism of officiating . " The league 's statement announcing the fine did n't mention the official 's gender . Paul said her call during a Los Angeles Clippers loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers was "  ridiculous " and "  terrible . " "  We try to get the ball out fast every time down the court , and when we did that , she said , ` Uh-uh . ' I said , ` Why , uh-uh ? ' And she gave me a tech , " the Clippers point guard told reporters after the game Thursday . "  That 's ridiculous . If that 's the case , this might not be for her . " Critics focused on the last sentence , accusing the nine-year veteran of sexism . "  We deplore the unprofessional comments made by Chris Paul . She belongs , " the National Basketball Referees Association said in a written statement . Other people , including San Antonio Spurs assistant coach Becky Hammon , defended Paul . "  I do n't think it had anything to do with the ref 's gender , " she tweeted . And the director of the National Basketball Association Players Association , Michele Roberts , also denied it was a gender-based comment . "  Any suggestion that Chris Paul would ever conduct himself in a disrespectful manner towards women is utterly ridiculous , outrageous and patently false , " she said , according to media reports . Before a game Friday , Paul was asked several times about the comment . Each time he said : "  Last night was about a bad call . " Paul , who is the players ' union president , was fined $ 15,000 in 2011 when he was with the then-New Orleans Hornets for verbally abusing a referee . According to ESPN 's NBA statistics , Paul has been called for 79 technical fouls in his career . Violet Palmer is the other female referee and has worked NBA games since 1997 . Dee Kantner worked NBA games for five years and is now the WNBA supervisor of officials . CNN 's Jason Durand and Wayne Sterling contributed to this report .	Chris Paul said a rookie referee made a bad call , so working in the NBA "  might not be for her . " Critics called him sexist while supporters said he was just complaining about what he thought was a bad call Paul has been fined once before -- $ 15,000 in 2011
EW.com  -- In the 1920s-set gangland drama "  Lawless , " Tom Hardy sheds the metal face-hugger he wore in "  The Dark Knight Rises " and shows you what an eloquent actor he can be . He plays Forrest Bondurant , the leader of a family of bootleggers in the Virginia hills . Several years into Prohibition , Forrest learns that his status as a lone-wolf operator is threatened . An effete psycho played by a wildly grotesque Guy Pearce leads a band of government flunkies in bed with the Mob -- and they all want in on the action . To Forrest , though , running his moonshine racket as an independent business is his right as an American . Taking this stand means he 's going to face an army of goons , and Hardy , speaking in low , flat , almost musically macho tones , has the bruiser charisma of a caveman Kevin Costner . It 's not the money he 's clinging to -- it 's the freedom . Sage Stallone died from heart condition "  Lawless " is really a Western , with Forrest guarding his turf as fearlessly as Gary Cooper in "  High Noon " or Warren Beatty in "  McCabe & Mrs. Miller . " The film , written by Nick Cave and directed by John Hillcoat , is a sturdy piece of traditionalism with outrÃ © touches  like Mark Lanegan 's cover of the Velvet Underground 's " White Light/White Heat , " the perfect anachronistic filigree for a story about white lightning  . ` Possession ' aims to seize box office crown But "  Lawless " still felt remote to me . The surrounding drama  Shia LaBeouf as the Bondurant kid brother , a greenhorn who learns to fight like a man ; Jessica Chastain as a barkeep who swoons for Forrest  is stuffy and derivative . Hardy 's presence is compelling , but the film comes fully alive only when it turns bloody . At those moments , though , it has the kick of a mule . Grade : B See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tom Hardy is eloquent in the 1920s-set gangland drama "  Lawless " The film , written by Nick Cave and directed by John Hillcoat , is a sturdy piece of traditionalism Hardy 's presence is compelling , but the film comes fully alive only when it turns bloody
CNN  Want to get a head start on your teen 's reading list -- or find new titles to feed your young adult fiction habit ? While many recognize the Newbery and Caldecott awards for the year 's best children 's books , the seventh annual Morris Award celebrates debut books published in 2014 by promising first-time authors in young adult literature . It puts fresh , diverse choices in front of parents , teachers , librarians and teens , while spotlighting titles that might get lost during heavy publishing seasons , like offerings from small press . Previous winners have included authors like John Corey Whaley for his book "  Where Things Come Back . " But it 's not just the winner who benefits -- finalists Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl , nominated for their book "  Beautiful Creatures , " have also become favorites in the young adult fiction community . Their book also became a film in 2013 . "  The Morris Award committee wants a distinct voice that takes readers to new places , " said Chris Shoemaker , president of the Young Adult Library Services Association . "  They have exemplary voice , as well as strong world-building and character development . " Here are the five finalists : "  The Carnival at Bray " by Jessie Ann Foley Love , loss and '90s grunge music collide in this story of leaving what you know behind . After 16-year-old Maggie Lynch moves from Chicago to Bray , a small town in Ireland , she experiences her first love and a family tragedy at the same time . Foley , a Chicago Public School teacher , drew on personal experience visiting Bray in 2010 and set the story during the 1990s to include Nirvana as a relatable thread throughout the novel . Teens can relate to the way the characters connect through music , Angie Manfredi , former Morris Award committee member and head of youth services for the Los Alamos County Library System in New Mexico , told CNN . Including Nirvana and the band 's late lead singer Kurt Cobain ties in with the theme that nothing can last , creating a "  bittersweet urgency " in the novel , she said . "  Gabi , a Girl in Pieces " by Isabel Quintero In Quintero 's semi-autobiographical tale , high school senior Gabi Hernandez tries to figure out her place in her Latino community and her collegiate future . Her eventful senior year is told through lyrical , humorous and brutally honest diary entries about one best friend who is pregnant , another who just came out as gay and a father trying to quit his meth addiction . Quintero , a community college teacher from the Inland Empire of Southern California , wanted to reinforce that young women should feel empowered to make their own life choices , rather than simply live up to societal expectations based on gender or patriarchy : "  There is not just one true experience for everyone -- not as an American , not as a woman , not as a Mexican-American , and I felt like this was a story that needed to be told , " Quintero told CNN . "  It 's a stunning , first-person narrative from this character with a crazy life , " Teri Lesesne , a professor and former Morris Award committee chairwoman , told CNN . "  She 's a good student who does n't want to fall in love and lose herself . From the realistic voice to the rhythms of her language -- I felt like I knew her . " "  The Strange and Beautiful Sorrows of Ava Lavender " by Leslye Walton Magic and history weave together this multigenerational tale . Ava Lavender is a perfectly normal teenage girl , except for two things : Her family tree is full of doomed love that threatens to repeat itself , and she was born with the wings of a bird . Ava must look to the past in order to navigate her future , especially when she encounters the vastly different ways one can love and be loved at 16 . Walton , a teacher and self-described collector of oddities , has always kept a notebook of intriguing moments , facts , scenes and names . Rather than paint a picture of a "  freak " defined by her oddities , Walton wanted to tell a story that related being odd and strange to being very human . This tale of magic realism is reminiscent of how teenagers visualize their life experiences , Manfredi said . It 's a hero 's journey that follows a character trying to figure out who she 's going to be through poetic storytelling , she added . "  The Scar Boys " by Len Vlahos Bullies tied Harbinger Jones to a tree when he was 8 and he was struck by lightning , leaving him scarred for life . As a teen , he makes a friend , forms a punk band and people finally notice him for something other than his scars . When the band goes on tour , his life changes forever . Drawing on his personal experience of dropping out of NYU film school to tour with a punk-pop band called Woofing Cookies , Vlahos connected all of the dots when he came up with the Harbinger character . "  That idea , of a teenage punk band touring America in a dysfunctional van , was a story I always wanted to tell , " he said . "  The book is really about the complexity of friendships , and the power of music to heal all . " "  You meet that character and you learn about his scars and how he deals with how he looks -- this thought that ` I 'll make fun of me before anyone else does , ' " Lesesne said . She also said that the story 's power is rooted in this emotion and how it utilizes music . "  The Story of Owen : Dragon Slayer of Trondheim " by E.K. Johnston In this alternate reality , dragons are everywhere and only dragon-slayers can combat them . When his renowned dragon-slayer aunt retires , Owen learns to continue her legacy . The story is narrated by Owen 's tutor , the young , musically inclined Siobhan , who soon discovers her destiny as his bard . Johnston , a forensic archaeologist from Seaforth , Ontario , wanted to tell a story about a dragon slayer and a musician "  and make it as Canadian as possible . " "  There is so much wonderful humor here , balanced with a lot of action , " Lesesne said . "  It 's a fresh take on heroism and what it means to be a hero . That book is pulled off so beautifully . "	The Morris Award celebrates debut books by first-time authors in young adult literature The award committee looks for a distinctive voice The five finalists for the 2015 award represent diverse genres
CNN  -- An Argentine court has sentenced former President Carlos Menem to seven years in prison for his role in illegally smuggling weapons to Ecuador and Croatia . An appeals court found Menem guilty of aggravated smuggling earlier this year . Menem , 82 , is serving as a senator and has immunity from going to prison , but lawmakers could vote to strip him of that protection . On Thursday , the court also sentenced former Argentine Defense Minister Oscar Camilion to 5Â 1/2 years in prison . Menem was Argentina 's president from 1989 to 1999 . He has maintained his innocence . The case against him and other government officials began in October 2008 . Hundreds of witnesses testified , according to judicial officials . In 2011 , a court absolved him of charges that he violated international weapons embargoes , but prosecutors won an appeal earlier this year . Prosecutors alleged that Menem authorized the illegal sales of weapons to Ecuador and Croatia between 1991 and 1995 . Both Ecuador and Croatia were involved in armed conflicts at the time , and prosecutors said the weapons sales violated United Nations and Organization of American States embargoes . In 2011 , Menem told judges at a Buenos Aires court that his actions as president were "  limited to signing decrees exporting weapons to Venezuela and Panama . " "  From there , all the proceedings that were carried out were out of control of the president , " he said . Journalist Ivan Perez Sarmenti contributed to this report from Buenos Aires .	Carlos Menem , 82 , is sentenced to seven years for arms smuggling The ex-president is a senator and has immunity from prison Lawmakers could vote to strip him of his immunity
CNN  -- An al Qaeda group claimed responsibility Tuesday for coordinated attacks on two Iraqi prisons that a lawmaker said freed more than 500 inmates , including some senior members of the militant group . Militants supported by suicide bombers and armed with mortars , rocket-propelled grenades and machine guns attacked two Iraqi prisons Sunday and Monday as inmates inside rioted and set fires , ending in a massive jailbreak , authorities said . The attacks occurred Sunday night at Abu Ghraib , west of Baghdad , and al-Taji prison , north of the capital . At least 21 inmates and at least eight prison guards were killed , the Iraqi Justice Ministry said , while 25 inmates and 14 guards were wounded . Blast during sermon in Iraq mosque kills at least 18 The Justice Ministry did not say how many inmates had escaped , but lawmaker Hakim al-Zamili said Monday that more than 500 fighters had gotten away . A statement posted on radical Islamist websites and purporting to be from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claimed responsibility for the attacks and said that "  more than 500 of the best jihadi fighters " were among the freed inmates . CNN could not confirm the authenticity of the statement , which was signed by the group 's Information Ministry instead of the more usual official media wing . State-run TV Al Iraqiya reported that guards at Abu Ghraib , also known as Baghdad Central Prison , facilitated the prison break . Al Iraqiya ran part of an interview with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who said "  the guards who were present inside the prison were part of this militia , they were complicit , and they are the ones who opened the prison gates . " Al Iraqiya TV also reported that the Ministry of Interior had arrested a number of the escapees , but the report did not specify a number or from which prison they had escaped . Ramzy Mardini , adjunct fellow at the Beirut-based Iraq Institute for Strategic Studies , compared the attacks to a previous prison break in Yemen . Many of those who escaped then belonged to al Qaeda . "  Like in Yemen in 2006 , this could be al Qaeda 's so-called great escape moment in Iraq , whereby a prison break is large and significant enough to exhibit noticeable impact on the insurgency and the group 's effectiveness for the foreseeable future , " Mardini wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  Al Qaeda has certainly proven its reach over the past year to still exhibit a capacity to pull off high-profile and coordinated attacks . But this takes the cake , especially given the scale of the operation , its potential impact and the fortified nature of the target , " he said . Mardini described the attacks as al Qaeda 's "  best advertisement " in terms of propaganda since 2009 bombings in Baghdad . Bombers strike in Iraq ; more than 20 dead Meanwhile , at least 16 people were killed and dozens wounded in a new wave of explosions and shooting in Baghdad and Mosul on Tuesday , according to police officials . Three roadside bombs exploded in rapid succession near a popular restaurant in southern Baghdad , killing seven people and wounding 28 others . A car bomb and two roadside bombs outside a Sunni mosque , also in southern Baghdad , killed four people and wounded 15 more , officials said . In western Mosul , the northern Iraq metropolis , gunmen at a livestock market killed three Shiite people , who police said were visiting from Baghdad . Two prison guards were shot dead in eastern Mosul . Attacks on Monday also rocked Mosul . A suicide bomber blew himself up at an Iraqi army post in northern Mosul 's Kokjili district in the morning , police said . At least 16 people were killed and 21 were wounded . Both civilians and soldiers were among the victims . Later , at least four people were killed and two were wounded when a roadside bomb exploded near a Sunni mosque in the al-Muthana neighborhood of central Mosul , police said . The deadly fighting is the latest in a string of violence in recent months , much of it stemming from discord between Sunnis and Shiites . Sunnis have long felt politically marginalized under a Shiite-led government in the post-Saddam Hussein era . They enjoyed more political clout during Hussein 's rule before his ouster after the U.S.-led 2003 invasion . See also : Baghdad bombings target mostly Shiite neighborhoods	NEW : At least 16 people are killed in explosions and shooting Tuesday , police say Analyst : "  This takes the cake ... given the scale of the operation , its potential impact " State-run TV reports that guards at Abu Ghraib were complicit in escapes Al Qaeda group claims responsibility ; at least 500 inmates reportedly escape
Harrisburg , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Somewhere , somehow , someone tried to carry a tribal spear onto a commercial aircraft . Troy Thompson knows that not because he is privy to the nation 's latest intelligence reports but because he works for Pennsylvania 's Department of General Services , where objects discovered and surrendered at airport checkpoints are stored , sorted and resold to the public . The non-descript government building in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , could be called the world 's most unusual thrift store because of the odd assortment of stuff that ends up there . You 'll find piles of hockey sticks and golf clubs , dozens of snow globes , enough rolling pins to equip a culinary school and so many pocketknives that they are sold by the pound . All of the items are prohibited on planes because they could be used as weapons or , in the case of snow globes , could contain liquid explosives . Every year , passengers surrender about 750,000 prohibited items at airport checkpoints . The Transportation Security Administration cringes at the term "  confiscated " because passengers have the option to return prohibited items to their cars , check them with their baggage , ship them home , or hand them off to someone on the public side of the checkpoint . But more often than not , rushed travelers surrender the items -- or "  voluntarily abandon " them , in TSA parlance -- to screeners . TSA stands by knife decision Illegal items -- guns , grenades , brass knuckles and such -- are handed over to local law enforcement .  The TSA seizes on average four guns a day at checkpoints and took a total of 1,549 last year . But prohibited items -- knives , large tools and sporting equipment -- are considered excess government property and are sent to the nearest state willing to accept them . The TSA does not profit from abandoned property , it says . But Pennsylvania says the commonwealth can profit largely because it already has a facility devoted to selling government surplus . Using those resources , Thompson said , Pennsylvania has brought in almost $ 900,000 in the past nine years selling checkpoint items . Who 's who in opposition to TSA rule change Knives are probably the most common items aside from liquids , which are thrown away . Travelers surrender about 35 knives at Baltimore-Washington International Airport on an average day and about 47 per day at Los Angeles International Airport . Pennsylvania employees research the market values of items and set prices , taking into consideration the items ' conditions . Some items are sold in a no-frills government surplus store in Harrisburg . Most are auctioned on GovDeals.com  search for "  Pennsylvania Surplus "  . New batches of items are placed on the auction block three times a week . Oddities include a large box filled with bullet belts . Whether they came from punk rockers or Hopalong Cassidy fans , or perhaps both , is unknown . "  You ca n't physically go through each bullet to make sure it 's not a real bullet , " Thompson said . In the inventory this week were Nunchaku , or nunchucks , toy guns and a horse whip . "  I do n't know who would want to take a horse whip onto a plane , " Thompson said . Thompson said he does n't expect the TSA 's recent decision to permit small pocketknives to appreciably alter the flow of goods through his department . Many of the surrendered knives have longer blades and will remain prohibited . And there 's always someone trying to board an aircraft with bullet belts , nunchucks and spears , which , if nothing else , keeps jobs at the checkpoint and one Pennsylvania surplus store very interesting .	Passengers surrender 750,000 items annually at airport checkpoints , TSA says Many items are sold at a Pennsylvania warehouse and online Knives are the most common item surrendered ; a horse whip is rather unusual
CNN  -- The Nigerian Islamic militant group Boko Haram says it bombed U.N. offices in Abuja last week because the world body is a partner "  in the oppression of believers , " a spokesman for the group said Wednesday . Friday 's car bombing killed 23 people and wounded more than 80 . Boko Haram , which aims to impose a strict version of Islamic law in Nigeria , claimed responsibility for the attack . In a brief telephone interview arranged by an intermediary , Boko Haram spokesman Abul Qaqa said a 27-year-old Nigerian named Mohammed Abul Barra drove the explosives-packed Honda Accord into the U.N. building . "  All over the world , the U.N. is a global partner in the oppression of believers , " Qaqa said . "  We are at war against infidels . In Nigeria , the federal government tries to perpetuate the agenda of the United Nations . " U.N. agencies operating in Nigeria include the World Health Organization , the U.N. Development Program , the children 's organization UNICEF , the Office on Drugs and Crime , the Joint Program on HIV and AIDS and the U.N. Development Fund for Women . The building hit by the attack housed 26 U.N. humanitarian and development agencies , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said last week . Nigerian authorities said Wednesday that the bombing was plotted by a man with ties to the al Qaeda terrorist network . The Nigerian State Security Service said Mamman Nur was a "  notorious Boko Haram element " who recently returned from Somalia , where the Somali militant Al-Shabaab has been linked to al Qaeda . Though a Nigerian engineer was among the dead , Qaqa said the group did not intend to kill the man . He added , however , "  We have told everyone that the U.N. is the bastion of the global oppression of Muslims all over the world . " "  As such , we have warned everyone to steer clear of such places , " he said . "  They should steer clear of such places that we have mentioned in the past . The battle has changed . " Africa 's most populous nation is divided between a largely Christian south and a Muslim north . "  Boko Haram " -- which translates loosely as "  Western education is forbidden/sinful " -- holds all government authority in contempt and wants to establish a state in northern Nigeria under Islamic law .	Boko Haram calls U.N. "  a global partner in the oppression of believers " A spokesman said a 27-year-old Nigerian carried out Friday 's bombing The blast in Abuja killed 23 people and wounded more than 80
CNN  -- Former U.S. Defense Secretary Robert McNamara , a key architect of the U.S. war in Vietnam under presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson , has died at age 93 , according to his family . Robert McNamara took a lead role in managing the U.S. military commitment in Vietnam . McNamara was a member of Kennedy 's inner circle during the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962 , when the United States and the Soviet Union stood on the brink of nuclear war . But he became a public lightning rod for his management of the war in Vietnam , overseeing the U.S. military commitment there as it grew from fewer than 1,000 advisers to more than half a million troops . Though the increasingly unpopular conflict was sometimes dubbed "  McNamara 's War , " he later said both administrations were "  terribly wrong " to have pursued military action beyond 1963 . "  External military force can not reconstruct a failed state , and Vietnam , during much of that period , was a failed state politically , " he told CNN in a 1996 interview for the "  Cold War " documentary series . "  We did n't recognize it as such . " A native of San Francisco , McNamara studied economics at the University of California and earned a master 's degree in business from Harvard . He was a staff officer in the Army Air Corps during World War II , when he studied the results of American bombing raids on Germany and Japan in search of ways to improve their accuracy and efficiency . After the war , he joined the Ford Motor Company and became its president in November 1960 -- the first person to lead the company from outside its founding family . A month later , the newly elected Kennedy asked him to become secretary of defense , making him one of the "  whiz kids " who joined the young president 's administration . In October 1962 , after the discovery of Soviet nuclear missiles in Cuba , McNamara was one of Kennedy 's top advisers in the standoff that followed . The United States imposed a naval "  quarantine " on Cuba , a Soviet ally , and prepared for possible airstrikes or an invasion . The Soviets withdrew the missiles in exchange for a U.S. guarantee not to invade Cuba , a step that allowed Soviet premier Nikita Kruschev to present the pullback as a success to his own people . In the 2003 documentary "  The Fog of War , " McNamara told filmmaker Errol Morris that the experience taught American policymakers to "  put ourselves inside their skin and look at us through their eyes . " But he added , "  In the end , we lucked out . It was luck that prevented nuclear war . " McNamara is credited with using the management techniques he mastered as a corporate executive to streamline the Pentagon , computerizing and smoothing out much of the U.S. military 's vast purchasing and personnel system . And in Vietnam , he attempted to use those techniques to measure the progress of the war . Metrics such as use of "  body counts " and scientific solutions such as using the herbicide Agent Orange to defoliate jungles in which communist guerrillas hid became trademarks of the conflict . McNamara made several trips to South Vietnam to study the situation firsthand . He , Johnson and other U.S. officials portrayed the war as a necessary battle in the Cold War , a proxy struggle to prevent communism from taking control of all of Southeast Asia . But while they saw the conflict as another front in the standoff between the United States and the Soviet Union , which backed communist North Vietnam , McNamara acknowledged later that they underestimated Vietnamese nationalism and opposition to the U.S.-backed government in Saigon . "  The conflict within South Vietnam itself had all of the characteristics of a civil war , and we did n't look upon it as largely a civil war , and we were n't measuring our progress as one would have in what was largely a civil war , " he told CNN . Casualties mounted , as did domestic opposition to the war . In 1965 , a Quaker anti-war protester , Norman Morrison , set himself on fire outside McNamara 's office window . In 1967 , tens of thousands of demonstrators marched on the Pentagon , which was ringed with troops . By November 1967 , McNamara told Johnson that there was "  no reasonable way " to end the war quickly , and that the United States needed to reduce its forces in Vietnam and turn the fighting over to the American-backed government in Saigon . By the end of that month , Johnson announced he was replacing McNamara at the Pentagon and moving him to the World Bank . But by March 1968 , Johnson had reached virtually the same conclusion as McNamara . He issued a call for peace talks and announced he would not seek re-election . After leaving the Pentagon in early 1968 , McNamara spent 12 years leading the World Bank . He said little publicly about Vietnam until the publication of a 1995 memoir , "  In Retrospect . " "  You do n't know what I know about how inflammatory my words can appear , " he told Morris . "  A lot of people misunderstand the war , misunderstand me . A lot of people think I 'm a son of a bitch . "	Robert McNamara was key architect of war in Vietnam under two presidents McNamara became lightning rod for his management of that war He was member of President Kennedy 's inner circle during Cuban Missile Crisis
Leaders in Utah say they found a way to get around the government shutdown . Utah will reopen its five national parks by Saturday , as well as three other nationally run locations . Utah 's Governor Gary Herbert made the announcement Thursday , saying a deal had been reached with the U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell . "  Utah agrees to pay the National Park Service  NPS  up to $ 1.67 million -- $ 166,572 per day -- to re-open eight national sites in Utah for up to 10 days . If the federal government shutdown ends before then , the State will receive a refund of unused monies " an official press statement explained . The deal would reopen Arches , Bryce Canyon , Canyonlands , Capitol Reef , and Zion national parks . The other three locations that will be opened are Natural Bridges and Cedar Breaks national monuments , as well as Glen Canyon National Recreation Area . "  Utah 's national parks are the backbone of many rural economies and hard-working Utahns are paying a heavy price for this shutdown , " Herbert said in the released statement . "  I commend Secretary Jewell for being open to Utah 's solution , and the world should know Utah is open for business and visitors are welcome . " October is an especially profitable month for Utah 's national parks , since optimal weather attracts a high volume of tourists . Typically , officials estimate a $ 100 million yield for the month , so the parks ' closures would have had an especially high impact on the state . The Department of the Interior is now awaiting a transfer of funds from Utah , at which point it will notify "  site-specific " personnel to return to work . The process of opening the parks after receiving the money should take some time , but in a statement from the governor 's office , the state anticipates all sites should be "  fully operational by Saturday " . In the event that the federal government shutdown drags on longer than the 10 days that have been accounted for , the state of Utah insists it would be able to make additional payments to keep the parks operational . The agreement between Herbert and Jewell stipulates that the money spent by the state can be reimbursed with Congressional approval . However , as with other funds spent during the shutdown , Congress is under no obligation to refund the bill . It seems Herbert is quite intent on pursuing repayment , with his office telling reporters "  the Governor has engaged Utah 's congressional delegation to actively pursue timely repayment to state coffers . "	Officials will open eight locations by Saturday Utah 's governor announced the deal on Thursday "  Utah 's national parks are the backbone of many rural economies , " Governor Gary Herbert says
When Commissioner Adam Silver speaks to the media Tuesday about the NBA 's findings in the investigation into racist remarks attributed to Clippers owner Donald Sterling , the league 's players hope it includes the most severe penalties . "  When a hint of cancer is shown , you have to cut it out immediately , and I feel that 's where the players are today , " Kevin Johnson , the former all-star who is the chairman of the National Basketball Players Association 's executive committee , told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " Johnson said the players trust that the new commissioner , on the job for less than three months , will find the right penalties for Sterling , who has owned the Clippers for almost 30 years . "  They do n't think he 's worthy to be an owner , " said Johnson , also the mayor of Sacramento , "  so whether there 's a sanction that includes a suspension , whether there 's a sanction that includes a hefty fine ... the players feel very strongly that he 's not fit to be an owner and a part of this NBA family . " The NBA has scheduled a news conference for 2 p.m. ET Tuesday . Monday brought a slew of sponsors distancing themselves from the team and a host of other owners and team officials condemning the comments attributed to Sterling , who has never been disciplined by the league . On Saturday , the website TMZ posted a 10-minute recording of a conversation , reportedly between Sterling and his girlfriend , whose legal name is V. Stiviano . According to the website , the conversation occurred on April 9 . On the recording , the man and woman argue about photos posted to Instagram in which she appears with African-Americans . The man says he does n't want the woman bringing any black people to games with her . Sterling has not commented publicly on the scandal . Team President Andy Roeser issued a statement this weekend that said "  what is reflected on that recording is not consistent with , nor does it reflect  Sterling 's  views , beliefs or feelings . " He suggested that the recording was an attempt by Stiviano to "  get even " with Sterling . Speculation on possible punitive actions Silver has promised the league would give Sterling due process but would act quickly . It is unclear whether Silver could order Sterling to sell the Clippers , a team he bought for $ 12 million in 1981 and is now worth $ 575 million , according to Forbes magazine . A lifetime suspension and fine of at least $ 1 million is more likely , experts say . The commissioner might announce an indefinite suspension while the investigation continues , CNN 's Rachel Nichols reported . Opinion : Sterling has to go "  He  eventually  could suspend Donald Sterling maybe for a year , maybe even two years or even indefinitely , " Nichols said . "  And the idea and the hope would be that if he made him so uncomfortable , if he was removed from day-to-day operations , if sponsors are pulling out the way that they are , there would be some way to convince Sterling , it 's in your best interest and the interest of everyone else to sell the team . " Nichols likened the situation to the late Marge Schott , who owned the Cincinnati Reds and made racist and other insensitive comments . She was suspended twice , the second time in 1996 , and sold the team in 1999 . Other NBA owners have called the remarks attributed to Sterling "  abhorrent , " "  reprehensible , " "  hurtful , " and said they have no place in the league or anywhere in society . And they all said they have confidence Silver will handle the matter well . Charlotte Bobcats owner and Hall of Fame Michael Jordan made a rare public statement on a controversial subject . "  As an owner , I 'm obviously disgusted that a fellow team owner could hold such sickening and offensive views , " he said . "  As a former player , I 'm completely outraged . There is no room in the NBA -- or anywhere else -- for the kind of racism and hatred that Mr. Sterling allegedly expressed . " Five key players in the Donald Sterling uproar TMZ posts audio recording In the recording , the man seems mad about a photo the woman posted to Instagram with Magic Johnson , now a part owner of the Los Angeles Dodgers . "  In your lousy f ** ing Instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , " the man says . "  If it 's white people , it 's OK ? " she responds . "  If it was Larry Bird , would it make a difference ? " Bird was Johnson 's chief rival when Bird 's Celtics and Johnson 's Lakers ruled the NBA . "  I 've known  Magic Johnson  well , and he should be admired . ... I 'm just saying that it 's too bad you ca n't admire him privately , " the man on the recording says . "  Admire him , bring him here , feed him , f**k him , but do n't put  Magic  on an Instagram for the world to have to see so they have to call me . And do n't bring him to my games . " On Sunday , the sports website Deadspin posted five additional minutes it said was part of the same audio recording . Neither website has said how it obtained the recordings . Stiviano 's lawyer 's office said Sunday that she did n't release the recordings to TMZ but that they are legitimate . "  This office understands that the currently released audio tape of approximately 15 minutes is a portion of approximately one  1  hour of overall audio recording of Mr. Donald T. Sterling and Ms. Stiviano , and is in fact legitimate , " Mac E. Nehoray said in a news release . "  Ms. Stiviano did not release the tape  s  to any news media . " Sterling has history of fighting discrimination claims in court Clippers considered boycott Sterling 's wife , who is suing the woman , gave CNN affiliate KABC a statement Sunday night . "  Our family is devastated by the racist comments made by my estranged husband , " Rochelle Sterling said . "  My children and I do not share these despicable views or prejudices . We will not let one man 's small-mindedness poison the spirit of the fans and accomplishments of the team in the city we love . " Los Angeles Clippers coach Doc Rivers told reporters Monday that he was offered an opportunity to speak to Sterling after the comments attributed to the team 's owner were posted online , but Rivers said he "  passed . " Rivers added , "  I do n't think right now is the time or place , for me at least . And so I just took a pass . " The coach , in his first year with the Clippers , said he believes that Sterling did make the comments but said he wanted to find out if the recording was doctored . Rivers confirmed the team 's players had talked about boycotting a playoff game but decided against it . Whether the coach or a player will address the fans before Tuesday 's Game 5 against the Golden State Warriors is being discussed internally , Rivers said . The teams each have two wins in the best-of-seven-games series . Golden State coach Mark Jackson said Monday that fans should make a statement by staying home . Poll : Do you think Clippers players should boycott ? Sponsors leave in droves Twelve Clippers sponsors have taken action . State Farm , Virgin America , CarMax , Red Bull were among companies to pull sponsorships , at least temporarily , CNN Money reported . Sterling was to receive a lifetime achievement award at an event next month to mark the 100th anniversary of the Los Angeles NAACP , but the national organization said Monday that would not happen . Sterling had been given a lifetime achievement award from the organization in 2009 , according to a brochure obtained by CNN . Roeser , the Clippers ' president , suggested Saturday that Stiviano -- whom he did n't mention by name -- was "  getting even " with Sterling over a lawsuit . Rochelle Sterling filed a lawsuit last month against Stiviano , who she said was having an affair with her husband . In the complaint , Rochelle Sterling accuses Stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men . The suit claims that Donald Sterling used the couple 's money to buy Stiviano a Ferrari , two Bentleys and a Range Rover and that Stiviano took possession of a $ 1.8 million duplex through fraud . Sterling also gave her nearly $ 250,000 in cash , the court document says . Stiviano countered in another court document that there was nothing wrong with Donald Sterling giving her gifts and that she never took advantage of the Clippers owner , who made much of his fortune in real estate . Speaking about the recording , Roeser said , "  We do not know if it is legitimate or it has been altered . We do know that the woman on the tape -- who we believe released it to TMZ -- is the defendant in a lawsuit brought by the Sterling family alleging that she embezzled more than $ 1.8 million , who told Mr. Sterling that she would ` get even . ' " Will the NBA make Sterling the first owner to give up team ? Reaction : ` Disturbing and offensive '	Players hope Donald Sterling will have to give up Los Angeles Clippers Opposing NBA coach calls for Clippers fans to boycott playoff game Tuesday NBA commissioner will speak about investigation on Tuesday State Farm , airline Virgin America cut ties to the L.A. Clippers
BABAHOYO , Ecuador  CNN  -- At least 10 people have died and thousands have been left homeless after torrential rains inundated large parts of Ecuador , officials said Thursday . A man grabs on to a piece of wood as a boat passes him on a flooded street this week in Puerto Inca , Ecuador . Authorities said the rains , which began a week ago , were the worst in a quarter century . Civil defense officials said more than 10,000 families have been affected . Los Ríos -- north of Guayaquil -- was the hardest hit of nine provinces affected , civil defense officials said . In Los Ríos province , five people died when an ambulance drove into a hole at the side of a street at dawn Thursday . A newborn boy , his parents , a doctor and a driver were killed . Streets also were flooded in the capital of Quito . Watch the scenes of devastation in Ecuador " On Wednesday , President Rafael Correa declared a state of emergency and ordered 2,000 members of the army and the police to help rescue workers . Correa increased by $ 25 million the $ 10 million he already had allocated for the emergency efforts . He also directed another $ 88 million to municipalities . Once the crisis has eased , an emergency fund will give seed and fertilizer to help farmers whose fields were washed away , Ecuador 's government said . There also have been reports of livestock drowning . Cristina Medina , a spokeswoman for the Ecuadorean Red Cross , said provinces most heavily affected were along the Pacific coast , where drinking water was often in short supply . In some towns , high waters forced entire neighborhoods to evacuate , Medina said . E-mail to a friend	At least 10 people have died in torrential rains in Ecuador , officials say Authorities say the rains are the worst in a quarter century Civil defense officials say more than 10,000 families have been affected Ecuador 's president declares state of emergency , orders army , police to help
CNN  -- I was stunned . We were deep into the fall semester at the University of North Carolina journalism school , where I taught feature writing . I was showing the students an example of a travel article , one I had written for The New York Times about Plymouth , Massachusetts . I read a few paragraphs from the opening scene , with U.S. 44 winding through cranberry bogs , a billboard coming into view with images of Gov. William Bradford and Elder Brewster , the greeting in boldface letters : Welcome to Plymouth -- America 's Hometown , and a black Pilgrim hat that conjured up memories of all those Thanksgiving pageants in grade school when Priscilla said : "  Speak for yourself , John . " A student in the second row said , "  Who 's John ? And ... this Priscilla ? " A student in front of her said , "  I 've never heard of these people . " That 's when a young woman in the front row said , "  Yeah , I kept wondering , who are these dudes ? " I felt sheer incredulity now . "  Capt. Myles Standish ?! " The no was in the silence . A silence that morphed into sympathy . They had n't meant to make me feel so bad . A student at the other end of the second row squinted in deep thought , admitting that Myles Standish sort of rang a bell . "  Was n't he the captain of the ship ? " I did n't know you could get through grade school without those Thanksgiving pageants and the Priscilla-John Alden-Myles Standish triangle immortalized by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . Nor did I think you could get through the American history courses that follow or become a student at one of the top public universities in the land without encountering those names . Or Gov. William Bradford . Or Elder Brewster . Publishers of textbooks have pretty much dropped the Pilgrims . Maybe they are sensitive to separation of church and state , or do n't want to jeopardize their sales to schools and school boards . It 's true , too , that lots of more recent history has had to be added to textbooks , for World War II and the Cold War , not to mention Vietnam , the space race , the civil rights movement and the too many assassinations and assassination attempts . That leaves little or no room for the Pilgrims and what they did . But I say no more . Opinion : Some uncomfortable truths about Thanksgiving No more forgetting , casting Priscilla and John Alden , Capt. Myles Standish , Bradford and Elder Brewster aside -- left in the ditch of history . Let 's hear it for the Pilgrims ! I say this not for personal reasons -- I am a member of the General Society of Mayflower Descendants -- but because their story is an important part of this country 's history . When they boarded the Mayflower in Plymouth , England , in 1620 , it was not because they did n't have anything better to do . They did not sail across the Atlantic , still a great unknown , simply to see what was on the other side . They came aboard the ship -- a very small ship for such a big ocean , all the more evident if you have stepped aboard the replica Mayflower II -- and sailed west because they had a deep and abiding desire to worship their God as they saw fit . There were 102 of them . The Pilgrims did not occupy passenger cabins , however small those cabins might have been back then . They were considered the cargo for the voyage , and so crossed in the cargo space , the deck -- a dark deck -- below the crew 's quarters . Halfway across , the ship was damaged by a bad storm . In another storm , John Howland was swept off the deck of the ship into the ocean ; he managed to grab a rope and was pulled back on deck . Oceanus Hopkins was born at sea . Peregrine White was born after they reached Cape Cod . The Mayflower dropped anchor in Provincetown Harbor on November 22 , 1620 .  Some historians give the date as November 11 . Later that day 41 men gathered in a cabin to draw up the rules of governance for their colony -- a document that has come to be known as the Mayflower Compact . Those 41 men then affixed their signatures to one of the great liberty documents of history . It would become the keystone for the U.S. Constitution . It took almost a month for the search party to find a suitable place for their settlement , but they finally found it : an abandoned Wampanoag village with a plentiful water supply , good harbor , cleared fields and a hill on which to build a fort for protection . The Mayflower pulled up anchor in Provincetown Harbor and dropped anchor in Plymouth Harbor December 21 . The dead of winter . No Holiday Inn . Just cold , bleak shoreline , with only the trees and hills to offer shelter . The first passengers went ashore December 21 -- whether on Plymouth Rock is subject to debate . Richard Pickering , deputy executive director of Plimoth Plantation , points out that , as the naval historian Samuel Eliot Morison has noted , men in boats tend to avoid big rocks . Whatever the truth of the landing , the captain of the Mayflower did not simply put the Pilgrims ashore and return to England . Capt. Christopher Jones -- not Standish -- kept the ship in the harbor so the men could go ashore each day to build homes -- simple , one-room cottages the size of suburban garden sheds today -- then return to the safety of the ship . For future safety , a large gun was mounted on a platform atop the hill that overlooked the harbor . But the enemy that first winter was the "  general sickness , " the near plague of colds , coughs and fevers . "  Because only five to seven men were well enough to tend the sick and bury the dead , " Pickering said , "  a common burial was used . " In mid-March 1621 , as the sickness was abating , Massasoit , chief of the Wampanoag tribe , appeared and befriended them . Squanto , who had been captured by English sailors and lived briefly in London , showed them how to plant corn . Come spring , when Jones prepared to set sail for the return voyage -- a voyage delayed by the loss of members of his crew to the "  general sickness " that had claimed so many of his passengers -- he invited any of the Pilgrims who wished to do so , to return . Half of them had died . Yet not one single one went . "  By the standards of that day or by the amphibious doctrine of any day , " historian Morison wrote , "  the leaders of Plymouth Colony took incommensurate risks , yet they came through marvelously well . They attributed that success to Almighty God ... . But the Lord helps those who help themselves , and these people were valiant in the face of danger , resourceful in difficulties , and possessed of an innate common sense , not only in dealing with the fools and rascals among themselves but with the enemy on our coasts , the American Indian . " The following autumn , to give thanks for the bounty of their crops and well-being , the Pilgrims -- 16 men , four women , 23 children and nine hired seamen or servants -- held a harvest festival . The record shows that the bounty included wild fowl , codfish , bass and "  a great store of wild turkeys . " Massasoit , the chief , arrived with 90 of his men to be "  entertained and feasted " in a three-day celebration of the harvest . "  During the course of the event , " Pickering said , "  they went out and killed five deer , which they presented ceremonially to the men they perceived as the important men in the colony -- an honorific gift . " Our Thanksgiving has its roots in that gathering , though -- the wish to give thanks and the gathering to eat . As does Thanksgiving dinner . Cranberries , a native berry the Indians introduced them to , apparently got their name from the Pilgrims . The stem so resembled a crane they called them "  crane-berries , " shortened over the years to cranberries . And pumpkins were such a staple the Pilgrims had a verse : We have pumpkins at morning , and pumpkins at noon If it were not for pumpkins , we should soon be undone . Thanksgiving by the numbers So , welcome your family -- or make the trip "  to grandmother 's house " -- enjoy the Thanksgiving football games , carve the turkey , add the dollop of cranberry sauce , save room for the pumpkin pie ... and remember the Pilgrims . As I hope the students in my class do too , now , with their families and possibly their children .	Val Lauder : Many people do n't know roots of Thanksgiving , story of Pilgrims in 1620 She says 102 people sailed from England to New World seeking religious freedom They landed , drew up Mayflower Compact , built colony at barren , wintry Plymouth Harbor Lauder : To celebrate harvest next fall , they had Thanksgiving meal with Native Americans
CNN  -- As the nation enters the weekend marking the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks , law enforcement authorities are deploying additional security measures and urging all Americans to be vigilant for suspicious activity . Much of the beefed-up security has been in the planning well before Thursday 's announcement of a potential al Qaeda vehicle bomb plot against New York City or Washington , officials said . And some of the toughened measures wo n't be visible to the public , officials said . At the U.S. Capitol , Americans can expect to see "  visible strategic security enhancements " such as more uniformed and undercover officers and more police cruisers , as well as deployments of bomb squads , Hazmat and SWAT teams , and K9 units , said Sgt. Kim Schneider of U.S. Capitol Police . Federal law officials will be sharing information and coordinating operations , Schneider said . For example , Capitol Police special agents are embedded in the intelligence community and assigned to the FBI , Secret Service and Department of Defense , Schneider said . The efforts are designed "  to present a visible deterrent to our adversaries and detect those who may present a threat " as well as "  to respond to incidents in our jurisdiction or take protective measures in response to an incident occurring elsewhere in the National Capital region or anywhere around the nation , " Schneider told CNN in an e-mail . "  People on the Capitol Grounds or in the area of the U.S. Capitol may notice a more visible presence in addition to the multiple layers of security that are not visible to the public , " Schneider said . Many additional security measures were stepped up Friday in the wake of U.S. intelligence gathering about an al Qaeda-organized vehicle bomb being detonated in New York City or Washington on the 10th anniversary , which falls Sunday , authorities said . In New York City , officers were stopping and searching trucks as they approached the George Washington Bridge , which links New Jersey with New York City , as well as the Queens Midtown Tunnel , the Holland Tunnel and the Verrazano Bridge , linking Staten Island and Brooklyn . Police also manned checkpoints throughout Manhattan where they examined vehicles , particularly vans and trucks , for possible bombs . In Washington , where increased police activity began after Labor Day , members of Congress , their staff and visitors were being urged Friday to continue their vigilance for anything suspicious , authorities said . "  Remember , ` if you see something , say something ! ' " said Wilson Livingood , the U.S. House sergeant-at-arms . The al Qaeda threat has yet to be corroborated , White House press secretary Jay Carney said . National security officials have "  been running a process for four months , anticipating the need to be extra vigilant , to take extra precautions around this anniversary , the 9/11 anniversary , because , as you would expect , al Qaeda , while it lost its leader when we brought justice to Osama bin Laden , remains a threat to Americans , remains interested in attacking the United States and Americans , and we have to be vigilant against that threat , " Carney said . Vice President Joe Biden urged all Americans to be wary this weekend . "  Continue your life as normal . Be vigilant . Be vigilant , " Biden said on NBC 's "  Today " show Friday . "  Report anything that looks suspicious to you . And you know , we went through this before in a different circumstance with the car bomb  attempt  in Times Square  in 2010  . There are people who are likely to try over the next period of months and years , but the point is that we are using every single asset we can , including local law enforcement , to help thwart the possibility it could happen . " Some intensified security measures will be out of the public eye , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said . "  Our security posture includes a number of measures both seen and unseen , and we will continue to respond appropriately to protect the American people from an evolving threat picture both in the coming days and beyond , " she said in a statement . In Washington 's subway system , police were conducting random baggage tests Friday as commuters came down the escalator -- measures that were previously planned and were n't a result of the potential al Qaeda threat , said Michael Taborn , the transit system 's police chief . Dog teams patrolled platforms , and an officer with a flashlight examined tracks after trains passed . Washington , D.C. , Mayor Vincent Gray said Friday the city is "  redoubling " its security efforts in the wake of the unconfirmed al Qaeda threats , with officers working 12-hour shifts and operating under a restricted-leave policy . "  We take these threats seriously -- as we do all threats to our city -- and citizens should know we are taking all the appropriate steps to ensure their safety , " Gray said in a statement . CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Ted Barrett , Sarah Chaffin , Paul Courson and Jay McMichael contributed to this report .	All Americans need to be vigilant to suspicious activity , officials say SWAT teams , bomb squads and K9 units are deployed in Washington Some toughened security will be out of the public eye , officials say "  Continue your life as normal . Be vigilant , " U.S. vice president says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Bush administration hailed North Korea 's declaration of its nuclear program as a success for the multilateral diplomacy it engaged in through the six party talks with South Korea , China , Japan and Russia . Workers remove fuel rods on the reactor floor at North Korea 's Yongbyon nuclear facility this year . In fact , North Korea 's confessions of many of its nuclear sins -- and its shutdown of its nuclear reactor at Yongbyon -- are the closest the international community has come to curbing North Korea 's nuclear program . As a result of Pyongyang 's handover of the 60-page declaration document -- and Friday 's expected destruction of the cooling tower at Yongbyon -- President Bush ordered some sanctions against North Korea lifted and instructed the State Department to remove the reclusive communist nation from U.S. lists of enemies and nations that support terrorism . But as important as what the document says is what it does n't say . There is no mention of how many weapons North Korea has or where they are hidden . Nor did North Korea admit to a suspected uranium enrichment program or what nuclear secrets it may have shared with Syria . Both issues are reduced in the declaration to "  concerns " Pyongyang promises to address down the road . Bush and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice have pledged a robust verification process to double-check North Korea 's claims . And North Korea has promised to allow U.S. inspectors access to the Yongbyon facility and to interview its nuclear experts . But it is far from clear whether Pyongyang will allow the kind of intrusive inspections of its entire nuclear arsenal that the United States will need to get a complete picture of North Korea 's program . Congressional Republicans not so sure about Pyongyang The stiffest opposition to the deal is coming from conservative Republicans . Once considered President Bush 's strongest allies in confronting North Korea 's nuclear ambition , they feel that the Bush administration has let North Korea off the hook , especially when it comes to its enriched uranium program and suspected proliferation to Syria . Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , the top Republican on the Foreign Affairs Committee , expressed "  profound disappointment " over Bush 's announcement that North Korea would be coming off the lists of enemies and state sponsors of terrorism . And Rep. Pete Hoekstra , R-Michigan , the top Republican on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , accused President Bush of sacrificing its principles for a foreign policy success . "  A decision seemingly has been made that it is more important for the White House to reach a legacy agreement than to get to the bottom of North Korea 's nuclear efforts , " Hoekstra said . "  Lifting sanctions and removing North Korea from the list of state sponsors of terrorism flies in the face of history and rewards its brutal dictator for shallow gestures . " Rep. Ed Royce , R-California , called North Korea 's declaration late and incomplete , alleging that North Korea built a nuclear facility for Syria , considered a terrorist state by the United States , while the nuclear negotiations were ongoing . That , he said , was proof that Pyongyang ca n't be trusted . "  How do you have a meaningful declaration of your nuclear program without saying how many bombs you have ? " Royce asked . "  This is a signal to other proliferating regimes that nuclear weapons will be rewarded without ever having to give them up . " Democrats , who once criticized Bush for not talking directly to North Korea about its nuclear program , are cautiously supportive of the deal . Howard Berman , the Democratic chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , called the North 's submission of a declaration "  encouraging . " Even former presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , praised the Bush administration , saying "  engaging our enemies can pay dividends . " But Kerry added , "  historians will long wonder why this administration did not directly engage North Korea before Pyongyang gathered enough material for several nuclear weapons , tested a nuclear device and the missiles to deliver them . " Are we headed down the same road with Iran ? In his 2002 State of the Union address , Bush termed Iraq , North Korea and Iran the "  axis of evil , " saying they were "  arming to threaten the peace of the world . " Fourteen months after delivering that speech -- and after dictator Saddam Hussein released a 12,000-page declaration that it had no weapons of mass destruction -- U.S. forces invaded Iraq . But no such program was found , nor were stockpiles of chemical or biological weapons of mass destruction . More than five years into the war , the United States is still battling al Qaeda and Iraqi insurgents there . Six-party talks with North Korea began in 2003 , after North Korea withdrew from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty . Progress was limited until 2007 , when North Korea agreed to shut down Yongbyon and allow international monitors back into the country for monitoring and verification . Progress has been even more limited for the third member of the "  axis of evil , " Iran . The Bush administration has joined the other members of the U.N. Security Council -- Britain , France , China and Russia , along with Germany -- in offering Iran a set of political and economic incentives similar to the ones North Korea was given in exchange for suspending its uranium enrichment program . But the United States has refused to sit down with Iran until that suspension takes place . The U.N. Security Council has passed three resolutions imposing sanctions against Iran , and the United States has worked with some success to isolate Iran from the international financial community . But unlike North Korea , which is isolated and desperately in need of international aid , Iran is rich in oil and a powerful force in the Middle East . And it 's only getting richer and more immune to sanctions as oil prices skyrocket . And Iran seems to be running out the clock and waiting to try its luck with a new U.S. president . Sen. Barack Obama , the presumptive Democratic nominee , has pledged to engage Iran in direct talks to try to curb its nuclear ambitions . Sen. John McCain , the presumptive GOP nominee , has taken a much tougher line , refusing to rule out military action to prevent a nuclear-armed Iran . With the coming change in the U.S. administration , U.S. officials , diplomats and other Iran experts believe that it would be at least eight months to a year before the United States and Iran could seriously think about talking . Meanwhile , by its own admission , Iran continues to perfect its nuclear technology . If the North Korean experience can serve as a lesson for the next U.S. president , that lesson may well be that the longer the United States waits to talk to Iran , the higher the cost will be to get Tehran out of the nuclear business .	Just as important as what the nuclear declaration says is what it does n't say North Korea did n't admit to uranium enrichment or sharing secrets with Syria Many Republicans say Bush administration has let Pyongyang off the hook U.S. may be headed down the same road with Iran
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Who 's the greatest driver of all-time ? Michael Schumacher ? Maybe Alain Prost ? Ayrton Senna perhaps ? In an exclusive interview with CNN , three-time Formula One world champion , Jackie Stewart had no hesitation in naming his choice for the greatest driver of all-time . Three-time F1 champion , Jackie Stewart back in his heyday . "  My hero , and the man I most respected and probably still do is Juan Manuel Fangio . " Stewart told CNN . It 's not misty-eyed nostalgia for a bygone era that persuades "  The Flying Scot , " as Stewart became known . And it was n't just Fangio 's tally of world titles that convinced Stewart ; it is the manner in which the Argentine legend saw off his rivals . Who do you think is the greatest ? "  Fangio won five world championships almost in a different car every year . He had the dignity , the style and the ability , " Stewart explained . What 's more , as Stewart points out , Fangio did n't start racing in Formula One until he was 39-years-old , and whether driving a Ferrari , Lancia , Maserati or Mercedes , he kept on winning races . Though Fangio was the greatest , Stewart rated fellow countryman Jim Clark as the best driver he raced against . "  His batting average was very good and he did n't race in too many grands prix . " Clark -- who was tragically killed racing at Hockenheim in 1968 -- won 25 of his 73 Formula One races . Stewart 's record is comparable , winning 27 from 100 starts . It 's this win to race ratio that really separates the good from the great Stewart believes . "  I 'm on record as saying winning is not enough , it 's easy to win . Most people win . To be successful , like a Fangio or a Jim Clark is more difficult . " See our photo gallery of Formula One 's greatest drivers " As much as Stewart admires seven-time champion Michael Schumacher , he 's finds it hard to put the German in the same league as Fangio or Clark . "  Not to take anything away from him -LSB- Schumacher -RSB- , but his car was so dominant and his team had so much in terms of money and resources , " Stewart said . "  Although he has won more , his batting average is n't as good -- from starts to wins -- as Fangio or Clark . " Stewart , who retired from Formula One in 1973 , is a great admirer of the current crop of drivers and he singled out Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel as potential legends of the future . But they have a long way to match Stewart 's record of three Drivers ' Championships , let alone Fangio or Schumacher . Do you agree with Jackie Stewart ? Or do you think that Michael Schumacher is the greatest ? Have we missed anyone you think deserves special mention ? Use the Sound Off box to have you say .	F1 legend Jackie Stewart tells CNN who he thinks is the sport 's greatest driver Win to race ratio is determining factor of greatness according to Stewart Schumacher ? Senna ? Have your say on who you think the best F1 driver
Rio de Janeiro , Brazil  CNN  -- Soldiers patrolling the streets , barely-begun construction sites and sewage-soaked waterways . The 2016 Olympic Games are still two years away , but the list of problems appears to be growing . The situation in Rio de Janeiro is so dire that the International Olympic Committee Vice President John Coates lashed out in April , calling preparations the "  the worst that I have experienced . " He had cited several problems , including water quality , social tensions and delayed venues , particularly the Deodoro Olympic Park , the second-biggest venue , where construction has n't even begun . He later toned down his comments . As Brazil prepares to welcome hundreds of thousands of international fans to the World Cup in one week 's time , it has to ensure the world it will also be ready for the Olympics two years later . The delays are exaggerated , says the director of communications for Rio 's Local Organizing Committee , called Rio 2016 . "  They decided to raise the yellow flag because they were probably scared we would be wasting time watching the World Cup , " Mario Andrada told CNN in a recent interview . "  But there is zero risk that the venues wo n't be ready for the Games . " Rio 2016 says 38 % of the sites are done , including 11 that are already operational , including the MaracanÃ # Stadium which will host the World Cup Final . Preparing for 2016 Progress at construction sites varies widely . Out in the beachside suburb of Barra da Tijuca , where many of the events will be held , the Olympic Village is at an advanced stage , with huge blocks of apartments being erected . At the nearby main Olympic Park , the foundations have been laid , but construction has n't progressed much further . As for Deodoro , where the BMX , whitewater kayaking and rugby events will be held , construction is n't even expected to start until the second half of this year , but Andrada says they can quickly make up for lost time . "  Deodoro started late , even you could say more than six months late , but Deodoro is very simple to get organized , " he said . "  The construction there is very easy . " Out on Guanabara Bay , the site of Olympic sailing and windsurfing events , plastic bags and old tennis shoes bob around in the water . Brazilian sailing gold medalist Eduardo Penido showed us the garbage boats that remove the flotsam from the area of play . "  It 's a problem but not for sailing , " he said . "  It 's a problem for the environment . " According to biologist Mario Moscatelli , the bigger problem is what you ca n't see . "  You 're going to put high-performance athletes in this water , that is n't even water , it 's a toilet , " he said during an interview overlooking the Marina Gloria , which will serve as the base for the Olympic sailing events . The stench of raw sewage wafted as he spoke . "  I hope authorities do what they promised , because beyond being an environmental and public health problem , it 's a national embarrassment . " Even the best estimates from city officials say only 49 % of Rio homes are connected to sewage lines . Rio de Janeiro 's mayor , Eduardo Paes , says the athletes run no health risks , but admits the promised cleanup wo n't be complete before the Olympics . "  This is not going to be a problem for the games . This is a problem for us , " he said . "  I always think the Olympics are a good excuse to get things done and i think we missed an opportunity . " Tackling crime On the security front , authorities launched a so-called police pacification program back in 2008 aimed at forcing drug gangs out of the notoriously dangerous shantytowns or favelas . Police have moved into dozens of slums with mixed success . While crime rates in the shantytowns have broadly come down , there has been backlash from some residents and a resurgence in crime that prompted authorities to call in the army for help earlier this year , further denting Rio 's reputation . At this point , it 's too early to tell if the Olympics will face the same kind of widespread protests and discontent leveled at the World Cup . According to a recent survey by the Pew Research Center , 61 % of those interviewed said they think hosting the World Cup is a bad thing because it takes money away from schools , health care and other public services . The Olympics budget has ballooned to $ 16 billion , but officials say it 's a different story , because private money is largely being used to finance the venues . "  Most of the public money is being spent not on venues , not on fancy stadiums , but on legacy , on transportation , on sewage , " said Paes , Rio 's mayor , pointing to the extensive bus corridors that the city has already begun , that connects venues and isolated areas of the city . He 'll have two years to convince Brazil and the world . After the World Cup ends on July 13 , all eyes will be on Rio 's Olympic Games .	As Brazil readies for World Cup , issues linger in Rio for Olympics two years away Rio came under criticism by IOC vice president , but local organizers say the delays are exaggerated Rio 2016 says 38 % of the Olympic sites are done
PEOPLE.com  -- Talk about a strange New Year 's resolution . Kirstie Alley said she 's going to start dating "  butt-ugly men " on an episode of "  The Ellen DeGeneres Show " airing Friday . When asked about her dating life by Ellen , Alley , 60 , admitted she usually goes for "  psychos " and "  players , " so the host suggested she try going with the opposite of what she 's attracted to . "  I 'm thinking ugly men might be the solution , " the "  Dancing with the Stars " alum responded . "  I 'm talking about butt ugly . Because I go for really handsome men and I think butt ugly would be appreciative . " Alley , who 's twice divorced , recently told PEOPLE she 's looking for love . What else would she like for her upcoming 61st birthday ? "  I want an Aston Martin and a tattoo , " she said . While DeGeneres did n't get the actress a new car , she did help her out with some new ink . The host , who had a tattoo artist waiting backstage , joked that they would play a game to determine Alley 's tat . If she lost , the star would have to get a tattoo of DeGeneres . Luckily , Alley won and was inked with the initials of her two children . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kirstie Alley , 60 , admitted she usually goes for "  psychos " and "  players " "  I 'm thinking ugly men might be the solution , " she said Alley , who 's twice divorced , recently told PEOPLE she 's looking for love
CNN  -- The head of Iran 's Atomic Energy Organization said Saturday that U.N. nuclear experts can inspect a uranium enrichment plant , according to a report from Iran-funded Press TV . Iranian soldiers are shown in the uranium enrichment facility in Natanz , 300 kms south of Tehran , in 2006 . Ali Akbar Salehi said officials are trying to settle on a date for the inspection by the International Atomic Energy Agency . GeoEye , a U.S.-based satellite imagery company , released two photos dated Saturday from what it says is the second facility . The image shows quarry equipment , a surface-to-air missile site , and more construction equipment surrounding a mountain , according to image analysis by IHS Jane 's , an intelligence firm . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Friday that Iran was building a second uranium enrichment facility near the Shia Muslim city of Qom , about 100 miles southwest of Tehran . He said the plant wo n't be operational for about 18 months . Ahmadinejad told reporters Friday that Iran had met IAEA requirements by informing it about the plant at least six months before it is slated to begin operating . Watch Ahmadinejad hit back at Obama " The watchdog agency confirmed that it received a letter Monday from Iran revealing the existence of the underground facility on a military base . Iran told the IAEA there is no nuclear material at the site , an agency spokesman said . Iran has denied its goal is to develop nuclear weapons , a concern of the United States and other Western nations . Esmail Kowsari , a senior Iranian lawmaker , said Iran 's need for nuclear fuel is outpacing the limited amount of uranium it can enrich at its only other plant in Natanz . But Iran 's activities , along with its anti-Western and anti-Israel rhetoric , have troubled international powers working to stop the development of an Iranian nuclear program . The country 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps said it is planning to stage "  massive missile exercises " or war games on Sunday to promote the armed forces ' "  deterrent power , " the semi-official Fars News Agency reported . The tests are code named "  Payambar-e Azam 4 , or "  The Great Messenger , " the corps said in its announcement . Iran 's announcement came ahead of a planned meeting October 1 between it and the five permanent United Nations Security Council members , plus Germany . Leaders from the United States , France and Britain made a joint announcement , accusing Iran of violating international agreements by keeping the construction plan a secret . "  This is a serious challenge to the global non-proliferation regime and continues a disturbing pattern of Iranian evasion , " President Obama said Saturday in his weekly radio address . "  That is why international negotiations with Iran scheduled for October 1 now take on added urgency , " he said . "  My offer of a serious , meaningful dialogue to resolve this issue remains open . But Iran must now cooperate fully with the International Atomic Energy Agency and take action to demonstrate its peaceful intentions . " Ali Asghar Soltanieh , Iran 's ambassador to the IAEA , told Press TV Saturday that Iran is "  very disappointed with the hasty , unjustified hostile reaction yesterday by three leaders . " He was referring to Obama , French President Nicolas Sarkozy and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown . Watch world leaders react to Iran " "  What I suspect is a hidden agenda , which is going to jeopardize our excellent cooperation with the IAEA , and perhaps long-term jeopardize the integrity and credibility of the IAEA , " he said . "  We are working with the agency in a very technical and smooth manner to arrange the inspection to the site . " Other Iranians also reacted to the criticism over the new plant . iReport.com : Dissidents discuss Iran enrichment plants "  God willing , this plant will be put into operation soon , and will blind the eyes of the enemies , " Fars reported Saturday , quoting a senior Iranian official . The senior official , Hojjatoleslam Mohammad Mohammadi Golpayegani , heads the office of the country 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Also Saturday , the Web site of the Iran Student News Agency carried comments from an Iranian legislator who warned Western nations not to make Iran regret its cooperation with the IAEA . "  Western countries and the U.S. must not make Iran regret its cooperation with the IAEA beyond its legal obligations , " said Alaeddin Boroujerdi , chief of the Iran Parliament Commission for National Security and Foreign Policy . He said Western criticism of Iran 's new facility is an "  illogical and unrealistic " smear campaign . CNN 's Ed Henry , Dan Lothian , Pam Benson , Matthew Chance and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : News agency : Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps plans "  missile exercises " Head of Iran 's atomic energy program says U.N. experts can inspect plant Iran told IAEA there is no nuclear material at the site , IAEA spokesman says U.S. has known about unfinished site since Bush administration , officials say
Washington  CNN  -- Nine Japanese auto parts manufacturers and two executives have agreed to plead guilty and pay more than $ 740 million in criminal fines as part of an ongoing price fixing investigation , the Justice Department said on Thursday . The companies in the latest case fixed prices in 30 different car parts sold to the big Detroit automakers and admitted fixing prices on products sold to U.S. subsidiaries of the major Japanese car companies . The parts were installed on more than 25 million vehicles purchased in the United States , the Justice Department said . "  As a result of these conspiracies , Americans paid more for their cars , " Attorney General Eric Holder said . Chrysler , Ford Motor and General Motors , as well as Honda , Mazda , Mitsubishi , Nissan , Subaru and Toyota -- all of which do business in the United States -- were victimized , the Justice Department said . The overall probe , the largest criminal investigation by the Justice Department 's antitrust division , has so far resulted in more than $ 1.6 billion in fines and criminal convictions of 17 executives . Affected parts have included seat belts , radiators , wipers , air conditioning systems , power window motors , and power steering parts , the Justice Department said . Rebuilding auto industry 's ` brain ' supplier after tsunami	Justice Department announces plea deals and new fines in ongoing investigation Price fixing on parts sold to Detroit automakers , U.S. subsidiaries of Japanese car companies Consumers paid more for vehicles due to price fixing on parts , the Justice Department said
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho , the self-anointed ` Special One ' , has been hailed as the man who convinced Mauricio Pochettino to make the move to the Premier League and take the reins at Southampton . Real Madrid manager Mourinho , who enjoyed a hugely successful time with Chelsea , gave Pochettino a few words of wisdom on life in the Premier League . The Argentine , who was appointed Friday following the removal of Nigel Adkins , has previously managed Espanyol in Spain and will take charge of his first game against Everton on Monday . ' I hate my social life , ' says Mourinho "  I am very passionate about the Premier League , " the 40-year-old told reporters . "  I have seen many games , the Premier League is an attractive league and I have spoken to people at length about it , people such as Jose Mourinho , who is a good friend of mine . "  He told me the best football in the world is being played here . How the league is structured there 's a lot of respect towards the other clubs and that has only convinced me to come here , aside from the project that Southampton have offered me , the chance to work in this league I am very happy about . " The move comes as something as a surprise given Southampton 's recent good form , which included a fine comeback to draw 2-2 at Chelsea in its last match . Adkins , 47 , arrived at the club when it was second bottom in the third tier before winning successive promotions to reach the Premier League . The club is currently 15th with a three-point lead over the teams in the relegation zone . Flying high : Mourinho mentors Cape Verde 's ` Special One ' Executive chairman Nicola Cortese has been criticized by supporters for the ousting of Adkins with fans taking to Twitter to register their disgust . But journalist Gordon Simpson , who covers the club for the Southampton Echo newspaper , says Cortese 's decision will ultimately be judged on results . "  The decision to sack Nigel Adkins has obviously come as a shock to many Saints fans , " Simpson told CNN . "  It is not a complete surprise , however . It has been rumoured for some time that the chairman , Nicola Cortese , has been considering a change and there has been a sense for a while at St Mary 's that Adkins has been living on borrowed time . "  Adkins is an enormously popular figure with the supporters here , and as you can imagine the news has been largely met with a degree of hostility and sadness . "  The timing is certainly strange , with the club having enjoyed a fine series of results and performances in recent months -- two defeats in 12 Premier League games tells its own story . "  Obviously , Cortese 's decision will ultimately be judged on results . If the club continues to move forward under new manager Mauricio Pochettino 's guidance then he will feel vindicated and supporters will quickly come to accept the change . "  But Saints ' season is delicately balanced right now , and if results start to regress then the anger and frustration emanating from much of the fan base will only heighten . " Bielsa Pochettino , who represented Espanyol and Paris Saint-Germain as a player , won 20 caps for Argentina at international level . Known for his readiness to use young players , he learnt his trade as a 16-year-old under the watchful eye of current Athletic Bilbao coach Marcelo Bielsa during their time together at Newell 's Old Boys in his native Argentina . While at Espanyol , he took a club struggling at the wrong end of La Liga before establishing them as a competitive mid-table team by using the products of an impressive youth system . Southampton has a good history of blooding young players with Gareth Bale , Theo Walcott and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain just a few to have progressed through the ranks in recent years . Youth According to David Cartlidge , Spanish football correspondent for Mirror Football , Pochettino 's work with the youth players at Espanyol produced excellent results . "  Mauricio Pochettino 's work with the youngsters at Espanyol was perhaps his most accomplished work while in Spain , " Cartlidge told CNN . "  He understood very well the financial rigours placed upon his club , and reacted by developing a close relationship between them and first team . "  During his four year spell , 23 players were promoted from the youth set-up , the youngest being Paul Quaye , at just 16 years old . "  Not only did he develop players for Espanyol 's own gains on the field , but off it too , as several were sold on for considerable profit . "  He would spend hours at Espanyol Sports Complex , going through videos and recording warm-ups to get insight on players . "  But he would also spend time with the young players , working with them just as he did with the first team , making them feel part of things . " Walcott Meanwhile , former Southampton star Walcott has signed a new long-term deal with Arsenal . The England international had been linked with a move away from the club , but has put pen to paper following lengthy negotiations . The 23-year-old told the club 's official website : "  I have made it clear from the start that I wanted to stay at Arsenal so I am pleased we have agreed a deal that everyone is happy with . What 's important now is for the team to realise its potential and win trophies . "	Mauricio Pochettino has been named as the new manager of Southampton Argentine replaces Nigel Adkins and will take charge of Monday 's game against Everton Pochettino revealed he spoke to Jose Mourinho about taking Premier League job Alex Ferguson and Rafa Benitez express shock at Adkins ' sacking
CNN  -- Leza Dabit spent more than $ 2,000 recently to attend a friend 's wedding in Jamaica with her boyfriend . The weekend before , she was in Columbus , Georgia , celebrating nuptials , and the weekend after was spent feting another couple 's marriage on Hilton Head Island , South Carolina . And Dabit is just getting started . She 's got four more weddings to go before mid-December . Dabit , a business development manager for an IT staffing company in Atlanta , receives only 10 days of vacation . Weddings are lovely , one of the few occasions when people still get dressed up , tuck their gadgets away and observe longstanding traditions . But my , can traveling to a wedding get expensive . And the preceding engagement , bachelor and bachelorette parties and showers will slash into your savings too , should you choose to run that gantlet . The ensuing baby showers and family reunions may lump on another travel expense for our increasingly mobile society . These obligations are eating up vacation days and discretionary  and not-so discretionary  income , but it 's often nearly impossible to say no . And there are very good , fabric-of-our-society reasons for that . Still , what is a mere mortal to do in the face of seven weddings ? "  All my extra money goes to this , " said Dabit , 30 . "  Every weekend is a blast , do n't get me wrong . " Photos : Celebrity wedding sites She 's already hit a bachelorette weekend in Nashville and plans on a beach getaway for another bride in Florida , but she ran out of vacation days and ca n't go on a cruise with another close friend and bride-to-be . Next year does n't look nearly as busy for Dabit on the event front , and she wo n't be taking her weekends for granted . "  I think I 'm going to take a trip for me next year . " Her situation is not unusual . Forty-one percent of U.S. adults use the majority of their vacation budgets on obligation trips such as weddings , holiday gatherings and reunions , according to a July Hotwire survey . The average cost to attend a wedding as a guest is $ 339 this year , down from $ 490 a year ago , according to the American Express Spending and Saving Tracker . If you 're in the wedding , the average cost this year is $ 377 , down from $ 539 in 2011 . A far-flung destination wedding can easily set you back double that amount . Dabit has politely declined invitations before , just sending a gift , but all seven of this year 's events are weddings she would n't want to miss . Lasting connections : Love at the airport Sociologist Jeffrey Alexander sees spending freely to celebrate big milestones as evidence of what people value . "  On the one hand , doing these rituals is a way of showing that you 're not a materialistic person and that you value your close friendships , " said Alexander , a sociology professor and founder and co-director of the Center for Cultural Sociology at Yale University . "  At the same time , we do live in the economic world . " Weighing finances is prudent , but so is weighing your relationships . Turning someone down for a life-changing event can be damaging . "  I think that is a kind of test , " Alexander said . "  If you invite somebody and they do n't come , then they 're not willing to put their money where their mouth is . They 're not showing that they actually care about you . " But caring for a friend to the tune of $ 1,000 can be a tall order . Brittany Winfeld , 27 , was faced with a choice : spend nearly $ 1,000 on a close friend 's bachelorette weekend in Miami or pay for her medical board exams . "  For me , my career is more important than a weekend getaway , " said the medical resident who lives in New York . "  The most important thing for me is to attend the main event : the wedding . " And attend , she will . She 's going to five in the next year : one in the Caribbean , one in Florida , one in Massachusetts and two close to home in the New York area . Make or break ? Travel tests your love life She estimates that she and her husband will spend $ 4,000 on the Caribbean getaway alone , which they plan to turn into a vacation since they will already have traveled more than a thousand miles from home . Winfeld has a few weeks left in her residency before starting a fellowship . Her husband is also a resident , and the couple is shouldering hefty student loans . "  It 's a definite financial burden to me and to him , " she said . But she feels like she ca n't say no to these events , and the stretch is worth it for their really good friends . "  These people were there for me for my wedding , and I would feel terrible saying no , because they were there for me , " Winfeld said . And the budget ? "  We kind of threw that out the window . " There are right ways to say no , says Anna Post , co-author of the 18th edition of "  Emily Post 's Etiquette " and great-great granddaughter of the grande dame of gracious behavior . "  If you know right now , in the middle of June , that you are not going to go ... however you come to your choice , once you make it , make it early and tell people right away , " Post advised . "  It does n't count when it comes to etiquette if you did n't tell anybody . " You do n't have to share a reason , but if you do , be honest about it . It 's no good saying you ca n't afford a destination event and then heading to Italy two weeks later . In that case , say that you 've made other vacation plans or that you 've committed to something else , Post says . Do n't say yes and reverse your decision later . It 's better to thank someone for an invitation and wait to reply when you 're sure . Post did say that turning someone down for a major milestone "  can be very statement-making . " She calls weddings , christenings , funerals and other important moments "  precedent-setting events . " "  It 's much easier to carry on a relationship with someone , even if it 's a rough relationship , if you participate in the big events , " Post said . Joining friends and family has n't always been such a big production . The crossing of states and continents to be part of social rituals has picked up over the past 30 years as more people earn college degrees and participate in a national labor market , according to Alexander . More Americans leave home , go to college and never look back , so friends and family are scattered . Saying no to traveling across the country for special occasions seems to be getting harder . People used to accept the idea that an event might just be too far away , Alexander says . "  Now there 's an expectation that there 's no excuse , " especially within the continental United States . Cheaper and more accessible air travel , more affordable telephone service and the emergence of virtual communication have all given rise to people coming together more readily from long distances to mark milestones with their peers , Alexander says . People ages 18 to 30 are especially likely to ignore the barriers of physical distance , because they 're used to the virtual closeness of daily communication with their friends on social media . And the most important ties are sustained through rituals . "  It 's kind of the opposite of the uncertainty that we all have in our society . I mean , we 're all uncertain about our jobs , about our children , about success , about relationships -- whether we 're married or not , " Alexander said . "  Ritual is reassuring and connecting . " Connecting or not , there 's still nothing that says you have to attend . "  Anybody that feels they have to succumb to social pressure , whatever it is ... they need to realize the importance of listening to your inner self and developing your inner self , " said Amitai Etzioni , a sociologist and director of the Institute for Communitarian Policy Studies at the George Washington University . "  It 's not automatic that the community has the right of way . " Part of what complicates matters and creates that to-go-or-not-to-go tension is the fact that the social norms that existed before the sexual revolution and the civil rights movement were upended in the late '60s . Since then , everyone 's been coming up with their own rules and trying to create unique , distinctive events to celebrate their lives , says Etzioni , who edited the book "  We Are What We Celebrate : Understanding Holidays and Rituals . " Weddings used to be "  a ceremony , a reception , dinner . " Now , some are three-day events . So many situations today require deliberation and negotiation and often lead to misunderstanding . "  In the olden days , if you went on a date , there was no question , the boy paid . Now , it 's complicated , " Etzioni said . "  Nothing is etched in stone anymore . " How important are rituals to you ? How much are you willing to spend to participate ? Share your stories below .	Traveling for weddings and other social occasions can strain bank accounts Survey : 41 % of Americans spend most of their vacation budgets on obligations Crossing states and continents for rituals has picked up in our increasingly mobile society Rituals reassure us , and spending shows commitment to relationships , sociologist says
Washington  CNN  -- Former federal judge and conservative legal scholar Robert Bork died early Wednesday at his Virginia home , his family confirmed to CNN . He was 85 . Perhaps best known for his nomination to the Supreme Court by President Ronald Reagan in 1987 , Bork was rejected for the post after a contentious confirmation battle led by left-leaning groups that opposed his conservative judicial philosophies . Bork had recently served as a senior legal adviser to Republican Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign . He was a solicitor general during the Nixon administration and first gained notoriety for carrying out the president 's order to fire the special prosecutor investigating the Watergate scandal in 1973 , an episode known as the Saturday Night Massacre . But it was the Senate 's rejection of his high court nomination that earned the conservative Bork a political legacy -- symbolic of the contentious , partisan nature of congressional confirmations . Bork was also known as a staunch advocate for "  originalism , " a principle that defends the original intent of the Constitution . In recent years , Bork became a well-regarded conservative voice on legal and constitutional matters , as well as the author of several books including "  Slouching Toward Gomorrah : Modern Liberalism and American Decline . " He was also a frequent commentator . He told CNN in 2005 that he had to endure his failed nomination as a metaphor . To "  Bork " someone has entered the popular lexicon as attacking a public figure in the media for partisan gain . "  My name became a verb , " he said . "  And I regard that as one form of immortality . " Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , a longtime friend , described Bork as "  one of the most influential legal scholars of the past 50 years . " "  His impact on legal thinking in the fields of Antitrust and Constitutional Law was profound and lasting , " said Scalia . "  More important for the final accounting , he was a good man and a loyal citizen . May he rest in peace . " Photos : 15 Supreme Court cases that changed America Scalia and fellow conservative Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas followed Bork 's example of a strict interpretation of the Constitution . That position made Bork "  one of the intellectual godfathers of the conservative movement in this country , " according to CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . Robert Heron Bork was born in Pittsburgh in 1927 and attended the University of Chicago Law School , where his conservative leanings were forged . He was a Marine Corps veteran . After private practice and a teaching stint at Yale Law School , he was named to the Justice Department in 1973 at the height of the Watergate crisis . When Attorney General Elliot Richardson and his deputy William Ruckelshaus abruptly resigned rather than carry out orders to dismiss special prosecutor Archibald Cox , Bork stepped in and carried out Nixon 's demands . He was criticized for bowing to political pressure but remained on the job . Nixon resigned a year later . Reagan named Bork in 1981 to the high-profile U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , where he served with future justices Scalia and Ruth Bader Ginsburg . Bork was seriously considered for the 1986 high court vacancy that eventually went to Scalia , who still serves as the senior associate justice . The retirement a year later of Justice Lewis Powell promised an ideological sea change on the divided high court . Powell was a centrist and the court 's key swing vote . The Reagan White House quickly focused on Bork , hoping it would move the court to the right . One major roadblock : Unlike the Scalia confirmation a year earlier , Democrats now controlled the Senate and were prepared for a fight . Bork 's confirmation was the most bitter Washington had seen in years , and he was ultimately rejected by the Senate 58-42 , the largest margin of defeat ever for a court nominee . From Robert Bork to Instagram in 7 steps The concern for many senators was not one of qualification but of temperament . Bork 's paper trail was extensive . He was an outspoken and prolific jurist with a clear , unapologetic conservative record . Civil rights groups and liberal lawmakers attacked his writings and rulings on voting , free speech and , especially , on reproductive rights . "  Robert Bork 's America is a land in which women would be forced into back-alley abortions , blacks would sit at segregated lunch counters , rogue police could break down citizens ' doors in midnight raids , schoolchildren could not be taught about evolution , " Sen. Edward Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , said at the time . "  The doors of the federal courts would be shut on the fingers of millions of citizens . " During the nationally televised hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee , Bork sparred with lawmakers , strongly defending his "  originalist " judicial philosophy and rejecting suggestions the Constitution was a "  flexible " document that offered new rights in changing political and social times . Bork believed in "  strict constructionalism , " that judges should rule based only on the text of the Constitution as it was originally enacted , and should not be seen as righting all social ills . In 2005 , Bork told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " what made a good justice : "  A willingness to apply the Constitution according to the principles that are actually in it rather than what they call the ` evolving ' or the ` living ' Constitution , " he said , "  which simply means the judges begin to make it up . " Friends and colleagues offered tributes to the conservative legal icon . "  Robert Bork was one of America 's greatest jurists and a brilliant legal mind , " said Sen. Mike Lee , R-Utah , a onetime constitutional lawyer and friend of the judge . "  He was an expert on issues ranging from antitrust to privacy laws and was deeply influential in promoting constitutional originalism . Despite the unfortunate and unnecessary controversy surrounding his Supreme Court nomination , Judge Bork remained an inspirational figure for those seeking to enforce constitutional limits on the federal government . Our thoughts and prayers are with the Bork family . " That political fight raised the stakes for future Supreme Court nominations , bringing a new level of intensity and partisanship to the process . Groups on both sides of the ideological debate saw advantages in pointing out the impact the high court and its nine justices have on the rule of law and the hot-button issues decided . The Supreme Court in June made a landmark opinion , upholding the sweeping health care reform law championed by President Obama . Rulings on affirmative action , voting rights and same-sex marriage can be expected by next June . Justices order another look at key health care provision Years after the political fight , Bork admitted that the partisan rejection of his nomination was personally trying . He had stepped down from the bench a year after it . Bork suffered in past years with heart disease . Before his death , he was a distinguished fellow at the Hudson Institute , which researches and analyzes issues involving defense policy , international relations , health care , technology culture and law . The foundation 's president and CEO , Kenneth Weinstein , said Bork will be missed . "  Robert Bork was a giant , a brilliant and fearless legal scholar , and a gentleman whose incredible wit and erudition made him a wonderful Hudson colleague , " Weinstein said in a statement on the organization 's website . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Conservative judge Robert Bork died Wednesday He was best known for the confirmation battle over his 1987 Supreme Court nomination Bork was a staunch advocate for a strict interpretation of the Constitution He was 85
CNN  -- A firefighter in Coatesville , Pennsylvania , was arrested Monday in connection with two recent arson incidents , authorities said . Coatesville has recorded more than 20 arson cases in 2009 . Robert Tracey is held in two of the fires . Robert Tracey , 37 , was taken into custody Monday afternoon for allegedly setting two fires Friday night , Chester County District Attorney Joe Carroll said . Coatesville has been hit by a string of arsons in recent months and although the arson task force investigating those cases made Monday 's arrest , officials did not link the arrest to any other arson cases . The criminal complaint against Tracey lists nine charges stemming from a fire set to a homeowner 's porch swing and a fire set in another homeowner 's trash can . The fires , both Friday night , were extinguished before any serious damage was done , authorities said . No injuries were reported . Carroll said eyewitness accounts , including descriptions of the suspect 's clothes , helped lead to the arrest . Carroll said the arrest of a firefighter was "  extremely troubling . " He said the arson task force is working diligently to solve the arson cases and that "  there is no more important investigation " to his office . On January 23 , Tracey , who was then an assistant chief of volunteer firefighters in Coatesville , told CNN affiliate WPVI that fighting multiple fires was "  really taxing the fire department . " Tracey recently became a paid firefighter with the department , according to Carroll . Tracey was jailed with bond set at $ 2 million , Carroll said . He is expected to be arraigned March 30 , according to Carroll . Tracey is the third person arrested this year in connection with arsons in Coatesville , which has recorded more than 20 arson cases so far in 2009 .	Robert Tracey , 37 , arrested for allegedly setting two fires Friday night String of arsons investigated in Coatesville ; Tracey not linked to others Tracey recently became a paid firefighter with Coatesville department
CNN  -- Everything you know about the world of Arnold Schwarzenegger 's most famous character has changed . Thomas Dekker , Lena Headey and Summer Glau star in "  Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles . " In the season finale of "  Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles , " John Connor , the boy destined to lead humanity 's battle against Armageddon , gets jolted into the future -- the one he was supposed to lead . But here , he has no identity . No one has heard of him . In this new future , he 'll be fighting alongside his father , his uncle and a girl who looks just like the robot he came into the future to save . None of them has any idea who he is . Confused ? Do n't be . It was a daring , surprising , brilliant cliffhanger for a show that 's gained a loyal following , particularly among people like me who are in awe of it . It also opens the door to anyone who has n't discovered this show yet , allowing for a fresh start . Unfortunately , it may be too late . For fans , the big question is whether the "  Chronicles " will be back , or canceled for inadequate ratings . We find out in a couple of weeks when Fox announces its schedule . The speculation online does n't look good . Ending on this Season 2 cliffhanger would be a shame . When Fox picked up this "  Terminator , " it took on one of the most successful sci-fi franchises in modern entertainment history . It courted "  Terminator " fans , as well as people like me who never gave much thought to the movies but appreciate deep , high-quality TV storytelling . Ending on this "  what happens now " cliffhanger would leave a gaping hole in the franchise 's history . But of bigger concern , of course , is that "  The Sarah Connor Chronicles " is just really good TV -- the kind that you want to believe can last . And that 's thanks to Josh Friedman , the inspired executive producer . For him , "  Terminator " is n't about special effects and metal monsters . It 's a family drama ; a mother and son entrusted with a huge secret and the responsibility to change the future , no matter what the cost . Without clobbering you with messages , Friedman gets you thinking -- about people whose secret struggles you ca n't know , about living with trauma and moving forward , about the strength and fragility of teenagers , and about the otherwise impossible things parents manage to do to protect their children . Sarah is parental adrenaline personified . It 's also a show about cancer . We know Sarah can successfully battle robots , evil people and well-meaning authorities who want her locked up . But will cancer ultimately do her in ? Friedman has talked about the show serving as a catharsis for his own real-life battle against cancer . Fans ca n't wait to find out what happens with Sarah  Lena Headey  in the new reality . Did she follow her son into the future ? If not , what happened to her ? Friedman might be the best storyteller on TV right now . He packs episodes with twists you do n't see coming but make sense in retrospect . He changes up his style , drops lead characters for entire episodes , uses biblical references left and right and delivers dialogue that 's simultaneously believable and eloquent . He lets major characters die . And the show 's directors coax subtle , nuanced performances from the actors . You would n't guess any of this from Fox 's promotions , which have focused too heavily on Cameron  Summer Glau  , the robot who helps protect John Connor  Thomas Dekker  , sending the signal that it 's a show just for teenage fanboys . Cameron and John 's relationship is actually a very clever exploration of something adults quickly recognize : the teenage boy with the mysterious girl who seems to have his best interest at heart but might be the most dangerous thing in his life . It 's in some ways the reverse of "  Buffy . " Speaking of which , Fox may have done better promoting "  Chronicles " as a family drama and then pairing it with one , rather than "  Dollhouse , " the latest from "  Buffy " creator Joss Whedon .  Insider question for fans : Is Josh Friedman the new Joss Whedon ? Weigh in here or here . It 's also not clear how , or if , the new movie "  Terminator : Salvation " affects the show 's chances of survival -- though strictly in terms of storylines , there 's apparently no overlap and no conflict . The weekly adventures of Sarah and John Connor just are n't done . There 's too much unanswered , too much left to explore . So here 's my pitch to network heads : You can still change the future . Do n't terminate these "  Chronicles " before their time . What are your thoughts ? Think Josh is right -- or misguided ? Weigh in at Facebook or Twitter .	Future of "  Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles " is up in the air CNN 's Josh Levs believes show is one of best on TV and is taking interesting turns Levs : Fox has misplaced promotion , which should be focusing on mother-son bond
CNN  -- A niece of fashion designer Ralph Lauren was fined slightly more than $ 2,700 on Wednesday for her behavior during an air-rage incident that caused a trans-Atlantic flight to be diverted , an Irish court official said . Jennifer Lauren pleaded guilty Wednesday to a charge of "  being intoxicated to such an extent as would give rise to a reasonable  possibility  that you might endanger yourself or other persons on board " an aircraft , said Susan Dermody from the Ennis Court Office . Judge Patrick Durcan accepted her plea and fined her 2,000 euros  about $ 2,715  , which was just short of the 2,500-euro bail that earlier had been set for her , according to Dermody . It was also well short of the costs of the $ 43,158 incurred as a result of the flight diversion and inconvenience it caused to passengers and crew -- as detailed during Wednesday 's court hearing in Ennis -- state broadcaster RTE said . The court also took "  into consideration " a charge that Jennifer Lauren engaged in "  threatening , abusive or insulting  behavior  with intent to cause a breach of the peace or being reckless , " added Dermody , the Irish court official . The 41-year old was arrested Monday at Shannon Airport in western Ireland after a Delta Air Lines flight from Barcelona to New York was diverted , according to RTE . During her appearance at Ennis Courthouse , Lauren 's attorney , Sharon Curley , said her client had a number of medical conditions and was extremely sorry about the trouble she had caused , RTE added . The judge said he accepted that her behavior was out of character , but he had to also recognize the upset and disruption it caused . Lauren made no comment as she left the court . A Delta spokesman said the diversion was due to "  an unruly customer . " The plane , carrying 216 passengers , resumed its flight to John F. Kennedy International Airport more than two hours after landing at Shannon Airport , which is about 25 kilometers  16 miles  south of Ennis and also in County Clare . Lauren runs a business in the United States called Jenny Lauren Jewelry , products from which are available at Ralph Lauren stores and various select stores in California , New York and Colorado . According her company 's website , Lauren is a New York City native who developed a love for creating jewelry as a teenager . She is a graduate of Barnard College and the University of New Mexico , as well as an avid traveler having lived in places such as Brazil , Japan and Santa Fe , New Mexico . Her 2004 memoir , "  Homesick : A Memoir of Family , Food and Finding Hope , " describes her effort to overcome an eating disorder and related health problems during her teens and 20s .	NEW : Official : Lauren pleaded guilty to being so intoxicated that others could feel endangered NEW : $ 2,700 fine is just under the bail amount , far below the alleged costs incurred The fine stems from a Spain-to-New York City flight that was diverted to Ireland State media : Her lawyer says Jennifer Lauren is extremely sorry for the trouble she caused
CNN  -- Just when it seems impossible for things to get uglier between the two heads of a key House investigative committee , they have . Hours after Democrat Elijah Cummings accused House Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa of engaging in "  McCarthyism , " Issa shot back with a letter to Cummings accusing him of obstructing the committee 's IRS investigation , and even contributing to the agency 's targeting of conservative grass roots groups . "  New IRS documents identified by the committee raise disturbing concerns about your possibly motivations for opposing this investigation and unwillingness to lend your support to efforts to obtain the testimony of former IRS exempt Organizations Director Lois G Lerner , " Issa wrote to Cummings . Issa and fellow Republicans on the committee plan to hold a vote Thursday holding Lerner in contempt of Congress . Democrats say Republicans are trampling on Lerner 's constitutional rights to remain silent , and released a Congressional Research Service report saying the only time in modern history Congress held witnesses in contempt was in the 1950s during the anti-communist McCarthy era , one of the darkest times in congressional history . At the heart of Issa 's new allegations about Cummings are letters sent to a conservative group called True the Vote asking for information about the group . The head of True the Vote said Cummings tactics were the same as those used by the IRS , which she called "  unacceptable . " In addition , Issa is releasing what he says is new evidence Cummings contacted the IRS that Issa says may have helped spur inappropriate IRS questions to True the Vote . "  Several of your requests are virtually identical to the information requests sent by the IRS to True the Vote in February 2012 , " wrote Issa . "  This timeline and pattern of inquiries raises concerns that the IRS improperly shared protected taxpayer information with your staff , " Issa wrote Cummings . Issa is also accusing Cummings of withholding information from committee Republicans about his communications with the IRS and True the Vote . "  The American people deserve to know the full truth . They deserve to know why the ranking member and minority staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform surreptitiously contacted the IRS about an individual organization without informing the majority staff and even failed to disclose the contact after it became an issue during a subcommittee proceeding , " said Issa . Cummings points out that he only requested public information from the IRS , and that he posted his inquiry to True to the Vote on his website -- so he was n't hiding anything . "  I have made no secret of my concern about True the Vote 's political activities , " wrote Cummings . Cummings argues that in the case of True the Vote , there was legitimate concern about IRS granting tax-exempt status , since the group had given $ 5,000 to a state Republican organization , which tax-exempt groups are banned from doing . "  This political organization has raised millions of dollars for Republican candidates and describes itself as "  the largest caucus of Republican state leaders and the only national organization whose mission is to elect down ballot , state-level Republican office-holders , " said Cummings , in a response letter to Issa . Ahead of a House Oversight Committee vote Thursday Issa was forced to apologize to Cummings March : IRS agrees to hand over Lerner 's e-mails to Issa CNN 's Craig Broffman contributed to this report	House panel to vote Thursday whether to hold former IRS official Lois Lerner in contempt Republican Darrell Issa of California is chairman of the House Oversight Committee The panel 's top Democrat , Rep. Elijah Cummings , says it 's a tactic worthy of McCarthy Sen. Joseph McCarthy 's anti-communism efforts are seen as a dark page in U.S. history
CNN  -- Several weeks ago , President Obama announced that $ 8 billion in government-loan guarantees would be made available to Southern Co. to begin construction of two nuclear reactors in Georgia . If built , it would be the first nuclear power plant constructed in the United States in almost 30 years . More importantly , this would be the first of what is expected to be many such projects initiated in coming years . I am a big believer in the necessity for energy independence . I accept that we will all have to make some compromises in achieving that goal . I am willing to consider that nuclear power may have to be one piece of the plan we put together for how to break ourselves free from our dependence on foreign oil . I would submit , however , that before we start building reactors we need to address another urgent matter . We need to make current reactors secure . Roughly 18 months ago I started work on a project that ultimately lead to the writing of my recently published book , "  Willful Neglect , " on homeland security in the United States . I examined security at a wide range of potential targets inside the United States , including chemical plants , liquefied natural gas facilities , biological research laboratories and nuclear power plants . This was not a theoretical study . I did my homework up front , but after that , I went out on the street and I did what my 20 years in the CIA had trained me to do . I looked at all these targets in the same way as an adversary would . What I found was deeply disturbing . Eight years after 9/11 , we had done little or nothing to enhance security in most areas . Nuclear power plants were no exception . Security at nuclear power plants is in the hands of private security companies hired to protect the facilities by the power companies that own them . Before 9/11 , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission mandated that there would be five to 10 private security guards on duty at each site per shift . After 9/11 that number was increased . On average , there are now a total of 20 such security personnel on duty at any one time to guard a nuclear power plant . That is 20 individuals to secure the entire perimeter and interior of what may be a vast facility . These guards are grossly underpaid . In many cases , they make less than the janitors at the facilities in question . They train with their weapons no more than two to three times a year . Some of them are prior military and have combat experience . Many others are hired off the street and given less than a week 's worth of training before they begin to stand post . Much of that week of training is consumed with administrative matters , which have nothing to do with learning how to repel a terrorist attack . Morale among the guards at nuclear power plants is chronically low . I was told by many individuals during my research that it was common to hear discussions among guards about where they would hide if there were an attack . These guard forces are typically trained to respond to a limited number of scenarios . These scenarios are always designed around attacks by very small numbers and are artificially constrained so as to not allow these attackers to use many weapons , such as rocket launchers and machine guns , commonly in use by terrorist groups today . Even so , the guard forces are defeated at least half the time . These deficiencies have been pointed out for years by any number of watchdog organizations . Likewise , detailed recommendations have been put forth regarding how to improve the situation and increase the size and ability of power plant guard forces . These include requiring them to demonstrate the capacity to repel attacks by teams of terrorists using the weapons and tactics commonly in use around the world today . These have been largely ignored . An interest in nuclear power plants by al Qaeda or another terrorist group is not theoretical . Among the targets considered for the 9/11 attacks were nuclear power plants . Yemeni security forces recently captured a suspected member of al Qaeda , a New Jersey native named Sharif Mobley . Between 2002 and 2008 , he worked at several U.S. nuclear power plants . It does not take a counterterrorism expert to imagine what al Qaeda might be able to do with the knowledge supplied by an individual who had spent the better part of six years inside nuclear facilities . The stakes here are enormous . A team of terrorists , which was able to seize control of a nuclear power plant , could cause it to melt down with relatively basic knowledge of the plant 's operation . A full-scale meltdown of a major reactor would be catastrophic . Such an incident at the Indian Point Plant in New York state , for instance , would likely render large parts of the metropolitan New York City area uninhabitable for decades and likely kill tens of thousands . We have neglected this issue for too long . It needs to be addressed , and the decision to push the building of reactors simply adds urgency . Before we move ahead with any new nuclear power plants , let 's attend to unfinished business and fix security at the ones we have . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles S. Faddis .	Obama administration is backing expansion of nuclear power Charles Faddis says U.S. should first make existing plants secure He says security forces are n't well-trained or numerous enough to counter threats Faddis : A terrorist attack at a nuclear plant could have dire consequences
CNN  -- A Canadian man is accused of opening fire in a court building in the Philippines on Tuesday , killing two people and wounding himself and one other person , authorities said . The incident is likely to add to the debate over stricter controls on firearms in the country , which has been rattled by a series of recent shootings . Read related : Gunman kills 9 in house-to-house rampage in Philippine town The official Philippines News Agency  PNA  reported that the gunman "  went berserk " at the Hall of Justice the city of Cebu . It identified the suspect in the case as John Pope , a Canadian . Facing a criminal case in the courts , the gunman fatally shot the complainant in the case , who was believed to be a doctor , and the doctor 's lawyer , the Philippine Supreme Court said , citing initial police reports . Besides the gunman , the other person wounded in the attack was Maria Theresa Casino , a prosecutor who is in a critical condition , according to the PNA . The Supreme Court said that the names of those involved were still being verified and that it was sending an official to Cebu to investigate the shooting . The Supreme Court has supervisory responsibilities over such court buildings in the Philippines , the PNA cited Prosecutor General Claro Arellano as saying . Arellona said there had been a severe lapse in security at the building in Cebu and called on the Supreme Court to take steps to prevent if from happening again . Cebu police officials were n't immediately available to comment on the matter . Earlier this month , a gunman went from house to house in a town near the capital , Manila , killing at least 9 people . And on New Year 's Eve , a 7-year-old girl died after being shot in the head amid celebratory gunfire . The country 's Firearms and Explosives Office says there were 1.2 million registered firearms in the Philippines as of last year , according to CNN affiliate ABS-CBN . On top of that , the office estimates there were 600,000 unlicensed firearms in circulation nationwide . Government officials have suggested that better enforcement of existing gun laws is required rather than the introduction of new rules .	NEW : The man suspected of carrying out the shooting is Canadian , authorities say NEW : A prosecutor is in a critical condition after the attack The shooter 's victims are believed to include the complainant in his case The suspect is wounded in the attack , authorities say
CNN  -- The competition for payment processing services , especially mobile payments , is heating up . Last week Google kicked it up a notch by announcing that it 's phasing out Google Checkout in favor of the new Google Wallet . This service supports in-store tap-to-pay payments from your phone via near field communications technology , as well as purchases on the web . If you log in to your Google Checkout account now , you 'll be notified that you 've been switched over to Google Wallet . Any credit cards or other payment information you 've saved in Google Checkout will be available in Google Wallet . The catch : Google Wallet is n't yet widely used for in-store purchases . So far its NFC payments are enabled only for Sprint Nexus S users who also have a Citibank MasterCard or a Google prepaid card , and who are making purchases at MasterCard PayPass-enabled merchant locations . So this holiday shopping season , it 's unlikely that many people will be waving their phones around to buy holiday gifts . But in the coming year , more U.S. smartphones will be equipped with NFC , bringing a variety of tap-to-pay or wave-to-pay options to consumers . A competing NFC-based mobile phone payment system , ISIS , is launching in some markets  Austin , Texas , and Salt Lake City  in 2012 . Why are U.S. retailers slow to adopt NFC payment technology ? One reason is the expense and effort required to install NFC-enabled point-of-sale equipment in stores and to integrate it with merchants ' systems . It 's a bit of a chicken-and-egg dynamic : Retailers typically do n't invest in offering a new payment option until they see widespread consumer demand ; but few consumers are likely to prefer a payment option that 's not yet widely accepted . At the recent Open Mobile Summit , Google VP of Payments Osama Bedier observed : "  Merchants adopt new payment models because they increase sales . If I gave you a payment option that was totally free , merchants would n't adopt it unless it increased sales . " GigaOm writer Ryan Kim contends that payments alone are n't enough to make NFC popular . "  Mobile marketing , along with consumer loyalty , will be in the front seat as well and will be critical in helping to drive the growth and adoption of NFC , " he wrote . "  While the idea of contactless payments is intriguing , there is increasingly an awareness that tapping a phone to pay for an item will not sell itself . ... Discounts , daily deals and loyalty reward programs can be activated through NFC technologies . " At the Open Mobile Summit , Dickson Chu , managing director of digital networks for Citi 's Global Enterprise Payments unit , said he also thinks retailers ' adoption of NFC will be driven by marketing . But he cautioned : "  Reward discounts are a race to the bottom . Not every merchant engages in that , it 's just not part of their economics . " Chu thinks that in the long run , merchants may use NFC not just to deliver deals and coupons , but to deepen relationships with individual consumers . "  That 's interesting , and it may be more profitable , but it 's a longer term play , " he noted . Another Open Mobile Summit panelist , PayPal 's VP for mobile , David Marcus , made this point : "  Today , retailers learn about customers at the least effective time -- just when they 're leaving the store . They 'd like to know about you when you arrive at the store , so they can customize your shopping experience and treat you properly . " That may sound creepy to consumers  remember "  Minority Report " ?  , but in the competitive retail business , merchants are constantly seeking an edge to boost sales and repeat business . The technology of NFC itself is still a moving target , and standards are n't settled . Merchants are wary of investing in the next Betamax . This week a global organization of wireless carriers with GSM mobile networks announced that 45 carriers around the world -- including AT&T , T-Mobile , and Verizon Wireless in the U.S. -- are supporting standards for NFC payments and committed to support and launch services based on it . But , as PaidContent noted , "  The crucial questions now will be whether these carriers stick to their word ; and whether handset makers , other infrastructure providers and consumers follow these carriers ' lead . " In the meantime , while these issues sort out , Google also announced this week that it 's making it easier to integrate Google Wallet into mobile web payments . Granted , at most stores this probably would not make sense yet -- but it might appeal to the many consumers who buy movie tickets online , rather than stand in line at the box office . So Google is partnering with Fandango.com and MovieTickets.com to offer Google Wallet as a payment option for their mobile web checkout . Once this option is implemented , users wo n't have to try to type their 16-digit credit card number plus the expiration date and security code on their phone in order to buy a movie ticket . Typing on mobile phones is a notorious hassle , and mobile Web users often abandon their online shopping carts when they reach the point of entering payment information . Of course , Fandango.com and Movietickets.com do n't just sell tickets on the Web . They also offer their own apps for iPhone , Android , and other smartphone platforms . It 's unclear whether Google Wallet will be offered as a payment option for in-app purchases -- but Albert Wenger , a partner with Union Square Ventures , observed that if Google decided to offer this ability , it might "  pull the rug out from underneath Apple 's 30 % tax on in-app purchases . " The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Google Wallet supports tap-to-pay phone payments using near field communication U.S. retailers are slow to adapt to NFC tools because of installation expenses and efforts Google Wallet will be offered as an option for Fandango.com and MovieTickets.com 45 carriers around the world have announced their support of standards for NFC payments
Rolling Stone  -- The paintings in Bob Dylan 's "  The Asia Series , " which are currently on display at the Gagosian Gallery in Manhattan , have come under fire for their resemblance to widely available pre-existing photographs . The series of paintings , which are said to part of a "  visual journal " made by the singer during his travels through Japan , China , Vietnam and Korea , have been compared to famous photos by well-known photographers such as Henri Cartier-Bresson and LÃ © on Busy . "  The most striking thing is that Dylan has not merely used a photograph to inspire a painting : he has taken the photographer 's shot composition and copied it exactly , " wrote Dylan critic Michael Gray in a post on his blog , Bob Dylan Encyclopedia . "  He 's replicated everything as closely as possible . That may be a  very self-enriching  game he 's playing with his followers , but it 's not a very imaginative approach to painting . It may not be plagiarism but it 's surely copying rather a lot . " While some fans in the Dylan-centric online community "  Expecting Rain " have voiced concern about the songwriter 's highly derivative visual art , others have argued that "  quotation " is a part of the tradition of art . Nevertheless , it 's a bit difficult to reconcile this notion with the fact that the work has been presented as coming from the rock legend 's "  firsthand " experiences abroad . Dylan has , in his way , been forthcoming about using photographs in his paintings . In a statement in the exhibition 's catalog , the singer says that he paints "  mostly from real life . It has to start with that . Real people , real street scenes , behind the curtain scenes , live models , paintings , photographs , staged setups , architecture , grids , graphic design . Whatever it takes to make it work . " See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The series of paintings are said to part of a "  visual journal " made by the singer "  It 's not a very imaginative approach to painting , " Michael Gray said Dylan has been forthcoming about using photographs in his paintings
CNN  -- The videos , pictures and tweets are chilling . A picture of a girl dangling limply from the arms of two young men . Other boys , laughingly saying the girl had to be dead because she did n't flinch as her body was violated . An alleged rape , made into a joke . The images and social media messages are at the heart of criminal charges against two high school football players accused of sexually assaulting an underage teenage girl during a series of end-of-summer parties in August . Both boys are charged with rape . One also is accused of "  illegal use of a minor in nudity-oriented material . " Their trial before an Ohio juvenile court judge is scheduled for February 13 . CNN is not identifying the girl , who is a juvenile , in accordance with its policy not to release the names of alleged rape victims . The alleged attackers also are juveniles , but they have been identified by a judge in court , by defense attorneys and in newspapers and other media reports as Trent Mays and Ma ` lik Richmond , both 16 . The case has attracted the attention of bloggers and even Anonymous , a loosely organized cooperative of activist hackers . Anonymous has released information about the town and the football team and is threatening to release more unless everyone comes clean about what happened that August night . "  The town of Steubenville has been good at keeping this quiet and their star football team protected , " an Anonymous member wearing the group 's trademark Guy Fawkes mask says in a video posted to the group 's LocalLeaks website . The organization , he says , will not allow "  a group of young men who turn to rape as a game or sport get the pass because of athletic ability or small-town luck . " The girl was assaulted the night of Saturday , August 11 , and early the next morning , according to authorities . Involved , according to authorities , were members of the Steubenville High School football team , demigods in the small , down-on-its-luck town along the banks of the Ohio River . A website dedicated to the team counts down the seconds to their return next fall . Police got involved on August 14 , when the girl 's mother came forward to report the alleged assault , according to Steubenville police Chief William McCafferty . The family provided a zip drive showing a Twitter page , possibly with a photo , the chief told CNN . A kidnapping charge was dropped by the Juvenile Court judge at a probable cause hearing last October , said McCafferty and Mays 's attorney , Adam Nemann . "  My client asserts his innocence , and he looks forward to his day in court , " said Nemann . At an October hearing , attorney Walter Madison , who is representing Richmond , raised questions about the alleged victim 's actions that night , according to CNN affiliate WTOV . On August 27 , the same day authorities charged the two defendants , Jefferson County authorities asked for help from the attorney general 's office in investigating and prosecuting the case . Interviews and witness statements led to the arrests , McCafferty said . "  What we want is to be able to show the citizens of Jefferson County that everything that can be done in this case is being done , and if that means eliciting the help of these people from the attorney general 's office , then that 's what we want to do in this case , " county prosecutor Jane Hanlin told WTOV at the time . By that time , images and messages from that night had made their way around social media . Crime blogger Alexandria Goddard , a former Steubenville resident , discovered and preserved many of the messages , at least some of which are now in the hands of authorities . She first spotted the story in the small town 's newspaper and started looking into the situation on a hunch that the highly regarded football team 's members were getting special treatment at the expense of the victim . "  When I first came across the article , I just felt like -- because it was involving football players , and there is a culture there that football is very important , that there was probably a little more to this story than what the local media was reporting , " she told CNN Thursday . "  So I started doing my own research . " One image circulated online and posted on a website maintained by Anonymous showed the girl , dressed in a T-shirt and blue shorts , her body limp , being held hand and foot by two males who appear to be teenagers . Text messages posted to social networking sites that night seemed to brag about the incident , calling the girl "  sloppy , " making references to rape and suggesting even that she had been urinated on , according to Goddard . CNN has not been able to establish whether this is true . In one 12-minute video , posted by Anonymous on Wednesday , one teenager makes joke after joke about the girl 's condition , saying she must have died because she did n't move during one assault . Anonymous and others in the video identified the teen by a name that does n't match the two who were charged , but CNN can not independently confirm his identity . "  Is it really rape because you do n't know if she wanted to or not , " the teenager says on the video . "  She might have wanted to . That might have been her final wish . " Other male voices can be heard off-camera , laughing and talking about the alleged assault . McCafferty said he can not say who shot that video . "  The subject in that video was interviewed . He was n't charged , " the chief told CNN . "  The attorney general 's office has all this . It appears to me after I watched the video he was intoxicated . " The New York Times reported that a cell phone photo from that night shows the girl naked on the floor . Roughly 11 cell phones and a couple of iPads were seized during the investigation , said McCafferty , adding he was not involved in retrieving evidence from the electronic devices . McCafferty said "  there was evidence on some of the phones . " A special unit with the attorney general 's office is doing the work , the chief said . McCafferty said there was a report of a video showing the alleged attack , but authorities do n't have it or know whether it exists . The attorney for the girl 's family told CNN that the girl is in counseling and is "  doing as well as one can expect . " "  She 's trying to go about her life right now , which is difficult because of all the media attention , " said family attorney Robert Fitzsimmons . "  It 's as if she 's just flown into this barnstorm . She 'll make it through . " The case is now in the hands of special prosecutors under Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine . DeWine said that the case is being aggressively prosecuted and remains under active investigation . "  We want to make sure that there is no stone left unturned , " he said . "  We want to make sure that every one in the community really feels that justice has been done and that all the information does in fact come out . " The parents of one teenager named on Goddard 's blog sued her for defamation and sought to have those who anonymously commented on the blog about the case publicly identified . The family has since dropped the lawsuit , according to court documents . Meanwhile , Anonymous says it is collecting detailed information about the personal affairs of football boosters and others in the town of 18,000 who the group claims may have helped cover up the attack . It 's also planning a protest "  to help those who have been victimized by the football team or other regimes . " The group has already hacked the website of the local football fansite and says it will release the information if people do n't come forward to help the investigation . "  My heart goes out to the victim , " DeWine said . "  The victim continues to be victimized every time something shows up on the Internet . There 's nothing I can do about that , but it is very , very sad . " CNN 's Ross Levitt and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report	Ohio state authorities are investigating an alleged rape Two teens are scheduled to be tried next month The alleged victim is "  doing as well as one can expect , " her lawyer says Images and messages about the alleged crime spread on social media
CNN  -- Watch out ! Lock up your loved ones ! Another bloated , over-produced , high-concept monstrosity has escaped from the labs at Dreamworks Animation , and it 's out to devour your kids . Susan , aka "  Ginormica , " has to save the world in "  Monsters vs. Aliens . " But do n't be too alarmed . "  Monsters vs. Aliens " is relatively harmless -- a toothless satire with a knee-jerk feminist theme and a sorry excuse for a plot . That sounds harsh , I know . Who does n't want to see a 50-foot woman careening through San Francisco on skates that turn out to be automobiles -- the ultimate demolition roller derby ? But think about that , just for a second . Roller skates work because they have fixed wheels . Try it with motorcars and you wo n't get very far . Is that too picky ? Perhaps , but you would n't find Pixar playing so fast and loose with the laws of physics , and that kind of inattention to detail is typical of the lackadaisical storytelling here and in other Dreamworks animated features .  The talent pool for this one includes the directors of "  Shrek 2 " and "  Shark Tale " and the writers of "  Kung Fu Panda " and "  The Rocker , " incidentally .  High concepts , top-notch voice talent and scattershot pop cultural references are no compensation for a coherent script . The XXXL lady in question -- dubbed "  Ginormica " by her U.S. military guards -- starts out plain and petite Susan Murphy  voiced by Reese Witherspoon  , until a meteorite hits her just minutes before she 's supposed to tie the knot with unctuous chauvinist Derek  Paul Rudd  . Her rapid growth spurt saves her from that particular fate worse than death , even if at first glance her new roommates do n't look like much of an improvement . There 's Dr. Cockroach  Hugh Laurie  , a mad scientist who semi-advertently mutated with a bug ; B.O.B.  Seth Rogen  an amorphous blue jelly-like blob who gets on just fine without a brain ; Missing Link  Will Arnett  , a gung-ho amphibian who 's all mouth ; and a giant dust mite called Insectosaurus who is n't voiced by anyone because he does n't have anything to say . Sci-fi fans will have fun counting off the references to myriad classics -- "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind , " "  Invaders from Mars , " "  The Fly , " "  The Creature from the Black Lagoon , " "  The Blob , " "  Mothra " and "  Attack of the 50-Foot Woman , " for starters -- and noting a few clever bits and pieces  Kiefer Sutherland , as General W.R. Monger , riffs on George C. Scott in "  Dr. Strangelove "  . The trouble is , once the introductions are over , the filmmakers can only launch their desperately limp plot : The White House turns to these monstrous superheroes to save the planet from evil Gallaxhar  Rainn Wilson  , a squidlike creature with four eyes and twice as many legs , and a one-eyed tin robot to do his dirty work for him . Ginormica gets a kick-butt finale , and is a much stronger character -- in any number of ways -- than the movie 's president .  In a genuinely witty casting touch he 's voiced by Stephen Colbert . That may be good politics or at least a sound marketing decision from the studio 's perspective -- it 's been awhile since a family animated feature produced a genuinely strong female character  unless you count "  Coraline , " which was way too scary for my family  -- but Susan 's self-esteem is an awfully long time coming . iReport.com : What do you think of ` Monsters vs. Aliens ' ? Bizarrely -- and maybe it 's just my imagination -- Gallaxhar bears a passing resemblance to President Obama . I wonder ... would that make Susan/Ginormica a surrogate for Sarah Palin or Hillary Clinton ? Visually , too , "  Monsters vs Aliens " is undistinguished , although its shortcomings may be disguised if you seek out the 3-D version . Funny how 3-D movies tend to produce two-dimensional characters , with "  Coraline " again the exception to the rule . Jocular and unpretentiously trashy , "  Monsters vs. Aliens " should be a lot of fun -- and it is , in places . But the truth is it 's as hung up on itself as Susan 's preening fiance . Hand on heart , I had a better time at "  Space Chimps . " "  Monsters vs. Aliens " runs 94 minutes and is rated PG . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here .	"  Monsters vs. Aliens " about Earth-born "  monsters " taking on megalomaniacal alien Film 's main character is almost 50-foot woman voiced by Reese Witherspoon "  Monsters " has great talent but no script to speak of , says Tom Charity
CNN  -- Sri Lankan officials rejected a proposed cease-fire from the Tamil Tiger rebels Sunday , warning instead that government troops intended to continue a new offensive until the group surrenders , a senior government official said . Tamil demonstrators call for a cease-fire in Sri Lanka during a rally Saturday in Paris , France . "  The government is firm that  the rebels  lay down their arms and surrender . We do not recognize this so-called offer , " said Lakshman Hulugalle , director of Sri Lanka 's Media Center for National Security . The proposed cease-fire came six days after the Sri Lankan army launched a new offensive against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Elam  LTTE  in the country 's northern area . Government troops made significant advances into rebel-held territory on Friday and Saturday , according to Sri Lankan Army sources . A government-imposed deadline for the Tigers to surrender passed last Tuesday . Tens of thousands of displaced civilians currently remain wedged in a dwindling swath of territory controlled by the Tigers along the country 's northeastern coast . Government troops say they have rescued 39,000 civilians trapped in the area , but a U.N. refugee agency said Friday that a wave of "  fresh displacement " has now exceeded 100,000 individuals . "  In the face of an unprecedented humanitarian crisis and in response to the calls made by the U.N. , EU , the governments of the USA , India and others , the  LTTE  has announced an unilateral cease-fire . All of LTTE 's offensive military operations will cease with immediate effect , " the rebel leaders said in a written statement issued earlier Sunday . "  We welcome the attempts by the U.N. and its agencies to assist the civilian population and are ready to engage and cooperate with them to address the humanitarian needs of the population . ... We are in full agreement that the humanitarian crisis can only be overcome by declaration of an immediate cease-fire . " The Tiger leadership asked the international community to "  pressure the Sri Lankan government to reciprocate " on the cease-fire offer . The Tigers have been fighting for an independent state in Sri Lanka 's northeast since 1983 . As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began , and the group has been declared a terrorist organization by 32 countries , including the United States and the European Union .	Government says it will continue offensive against Tamil Tiger rebels Rebels control a dwindling swath of north Sri Lanka U.N. agency says 100,000 refugees have fled fighting
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The California Public Utilities Commission banned texting on the job Thursday after it was shown that a Metrolink train engineer involved in last week 's deadly collision near Los Angeles sent text messages from his cell phone . It was unclear what 46-year-old Robert Sanchez was doing at the time of the crash Friday . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating claims that he was sending text messages when his commuter train slammed into a Union Pacific freight train in Chatsworth . Twenty-five people were killed , including Sanchez , and at least 130 were injured . Investigators subpoenaed the phone records of the engineer and determined that he "  had sent and received text messages on the day of the accident , including some while he was on duty , " according to an NTSB statement Wednesday . Investigators were trying to determine at what time the messages were sent . The commission 's emergency order passed unanimously Thursday . In pushing for the ban , Commission President Michael Peevey said that cell phone use by engineers "  may have been a factor " in train accidents this year in San Francisco and Sacramento , California . He did not elaborate on details of those incidents . Thursday 's order is temporary until the state commission decides whether to make it permanent . Metrolink prohibits cell phone use by engineers on the job , but Peevey emphasized that there is no federal or California regulation barring cell phone use by engineers while trains are moving . The NTSB had determined that the brakes on the Metrolink train were not applied before the collision and that stop signals at the scene were working properly , said Kitty Higgins , an NTSB member assigned to the investigation . Metrolink has said its train , carrying about 220 passengers , failed to stop for a red signal . Watch expert tell what it 's like to drive a train " Twenty-four bodies were found at the scene after the head-on collision during rush hour Friday in the northwest Los Angeles suburb . A 25th victim , a man in his 50s , died at a hospital . More than 130 people were injured . The agency has said it also has been in contact with the two teenagers who told a local television station they were exchanging text messages with the engineer just before the crash occurred . Higgins said investigators have interviewed the Metrolink train conductor , who had worked with Sanchez since April . The conductor "  had no issues of his time working with the engineer and on how the engineer operated the train , " she said . Watch as callers to 911 describe the crash " The engineer took a two-hour nap during his midday break on the day of the collision , the conductor told investigators . Sanchez was a subcontractor who worked for another company .	NEW : California Public Utilities Commission passed ban Thursday Phone records show engineer texting during work hours on day of crash Engineer Robert Sanchez was among 25 people killed in Friday 's crash Investigators determined the brakes on train he was driving were not applied
CNN  -- She 's the antithesis of the typical fashion designer , preferring to step away from the adulation of shows and flashy parties , yet from behind the scenes , Miuccia Prada has a huge impact on the world of fashion . Preferring to stay behind the scenes , Miuccia Prada has built up a fashion empire . Miuccia Prada has taken a unique path to become the name and impetus behind a worldwide brand that has developed what fashion brands can achieve beyond the catwalk . Coming from a wealthy family that supplied luxury goods , she gained a degree in political science from the University of Milan before studying to be a mime artist for six years in the late 1960s and early 1970s . " -LSB- It was -RSB- part of the culture of those times " she told CNN . "  At that point I like the idea and also in those years you wanted to do anything that was strange or different or eccentric . " She fostered many left-wing political and feminist ideas before entering the fashion industry in the 1970s , which was then operating to a different set of values . Yet she disagrees that there are unmanageable contradictions between her personal values and her work . "  If you compare with philosophy , -LSB- fashion -RSB- is frivolous , but frivolity may be something good , something that is part of our lives , so I do n't dislike it and what I like is the mix , that in your life you can have serious things , more frivolous ones , " she told CNN . "  Beauty is not something that is contrary ; it is the right of everybody . Still I retain the idea of justice and so many other ideas , but that is my work , and it is a contradiction that still is creating me problems , but it 's like this . " While Prada has expanded its operations across the world and is focusing , like so many other premium companies , on China , it remains synonymous with wealth and luxury . Bringing the iconic black Prada nylon bag to the market in the early 1990s was just one way in which Miuccia and her husband Patrizio Bertelli transformed the slightly frumpy family business and helped shift perceptions of what a fashion house could or could not do . "  I always wanted to do something that was nearly impossible , but obviously it had to be something that made sense to people because if you think about now , the black nylon is everywhere , " she told CNN . From 1980s chic and glamour , Miuccia has never been afraid to take risks with her collections or spark the imagination of the public -- her very first collection was likened to something from The Flintstones ; her Fall 2009 collection featured fishing waders . "  I would say that my dreams are doing things that I like and I have fun with . My dreams are about how can I do interesting things and make having fun with things , or doing things that are clever or relevant or intelligent . So it 's more about what I can do than about how big the company could become , " she said .	Fashion designer Miuccia Prada prefers to stay out of fashion limelight Took over family business to transform into global fashion and style brand Has a degree in political science and studied mime before becoming designer
Lewis Hamilton won his first grand prix since August 2010 in China to move into second place in the Formula One drivers ' championship , but reigning champion Sebastian Vettel still holds a 21-point lead over the Briton . Hamilton , a world champion in 2008 , crept above McLaren teammate Jenson Button onto 47 points , while Red Bull 's Vettel has 68 . Button is on 38 points in third position , one point ahead of Red Bull 's Mark Webber after the Australian claimed the final spot on the podium in Shanghai ahead of the Englishman . Ferrari 's slow start to the 2011 campaign continued with two-time world champion Fernando Alonso only able to manage a seventh-place finish to move onto 26 points after three races . Hamilton clinches Shanghai success Alonso 's Brazilian teammate Felipe Massa finished ahead of his colleague in the race , but remains behind the Spaniard for the season on 25 points . Nico Rosberg collected his first points of the season and registered Mercedes ' highest finish of 2011 with 10 points after coming home fifth . Formula One 2011 lowdown Red Bull moved retained the lead in the constructors ' standings , 20 points ahead of second-placed McLaren and 55 ahead of Ferrari in third . Drivers ' standings after third F1 race of season in China : 1 . Sebastian Vettel  Ger  Red Bull 68 points 2 . Lewis Hamilton  UK  McLaren 47 3 . Jenson Button  UK  McLaren 38 4 . Mark Webber  Aus  Red Bull 37 5 . Fernando Alonso  Spa  Ferrari 26 6 . Felipe Massa  Bra  Ferrari 24 7 . Vitaly Petrov  Rus  Renault 17 8 . Nick Heidfeld  Ger  Renault 15 9 . Nico Rosberg  Ger  Mercedes 10 10 . Kamui Kobayashi  Jpn  Sauber 7 Constructors ' standings : 1 . Red Bull 105 points 2 . McLaren 85 3 . Ferrari 50 4 . Renault 32 5 . Mercedes 16 6 . Sauber 7 7 = . Toro Rosso 4 7 = . Force India 4	Lewis Hamilton is up to second in the drivers ' championship after win in China Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel is 21 points ahead after finishing second Hamilton 's McLaren teammate Jenson Button is third ahead of Red Bull 's Mark Webber
Sterling Heights , Michigan  CNN  -- Joe Cefali has to leave 10 minutes earlier for work in the morning because the traffic is getting worse . And get this : That makes him happy . "  You feel the rejuvenation , " the 19-year Chrysler worker says of the mood inside the Sterling Stamping plant and in the busy restaurants and other businesses near the Chrysler and GM factories . "  Yes , we have a future . " He was n't so sure in 2009 when Chrysler was teetering on the verge of collapse and Cefali for the first time had to file for unemployment benefits . He told his wife to prepare to move and began searching for work in Texas or Tennessee . Then help came from Washington . Romney , Obama both seeking advantages as campaign rolls on "  Do you think you are working today because of President Obama ? " I asked Cefali on Wednesday at his local United Auto Workers hall across the street from the stamping plant . "  Yes , " he said without hesitation . "  If he did n't come through and give that vote and say , ` Yes we have got to save Chrysler . We have to save GM . We 've got to do this , ' all this Sterling Heights would have been gone , would have been dead . " Support from union auto workers like Cefali is an advantage for the president in Michigan , a state Republican Mitt Romney had hoped to turn into a battleground . A new CNN/ORC International poll shows Obama leading by eight points , 52 % -44 % , among likely voters in Michigan . Romney and Obama split the suburban vote statewide and run even among independents . But the president leads by 11 points among women , by 54 % -41 % among Michigan voters from union households , and by 56 % -43 % in the critical Detroit suburbs of Macomb and Oakland counties . Both counties are dominated by the auto industry , and Romney went to high school in Oakland County . "  I do n't think he is one of us ... a Michigander , " Cefali says of Romney . "  He does n't really relate to the working class . " Barbara VanSyckel disagrees , yet she concedes that perception is widespread . "  He is a self-made man , " says VanSyckel , the chairwoman of the Macomb County Republican Party . "  I do n't understand why people do n't see that as much . " VanSyckel says Romney 's experience is perfect for the challenges of the moment , and she says her county 's recent phone bank work and neighborhood canvassing gives her a measure of hope . "  I believe we still can win , " VanSyckel said Wednesday . "  People are interested in what you can do about the economy here . " Michigan is clearly in better shape , but hardly humming . Romney 's remarks : Huge mistake or plain truth ? The unemployment rate is 9 % - above the national average . But it is down from the 11.3 % it was when Obama took office . Michigan has added 57,500 manufacturing jobs during the Obama presidency -- 34,000 of those in the auto industry . While the numbers might suggest to some a potential Romney opening , the trend line is helping the incumbent . "  The economy is on an upward slope even though the magnitude of the slope is very small , " University of Michigan communications and political science professor Michael Traugott said . "  Barack Obama also has a reservoir of popular support or sentiment about him personally and views about how he cares for other Americans that he can take advantage of . " VanSyckel said the president 's image advantage is , in her view , the obstacle to Romney making Michigan more of a battleground . Poll shows voters ' reaction to Romney tapes "  I think he is not making himself look as real as when I have gone to his rallies , " she says . "  He is pretty down to earth when you meet him . I do n't think he comes across much that way when you see him on television . "  He has been around it long enough . I think he needs to relax a little bit , " VanSyckel said . "  Romney needs to differentiate himself . I think the philosophies are different enough . But people also want to vote for someone they like , and for some reason they do n't seem to connect with Romney the way they do with Obama . " Romney 's son Tagg will visit Macomb County next week , and VanSyckel says she was told both Romney and running mate Paul Ryan will return to the state . But there are no firm dates , and Republicans here are well aware the Romney campaign is not spending any money on television advertising . "  Are we getting brushed off ? " is how VanSyckel publicly phrased the question many Michigan Republicans are asking privately . Those party activists were upset when the John McCain camp pulled out four years ago . VanSyckel said Romney 's local roots mean activists like her "  are going to work harder for him " and she hopes to get firmer commitments from the national campaign soon . "  Doable , " she said of the prospects for a Romney comeback here . But she then added : "  We 're getting pretty tight on time . I look forward to hearing something soon . " Opinion : Election winner faces a dangerous world	Michigan autoworker credits Obama for his job at Chrysler plant Autoworker support is big advantage for Obama in state Romney hoped to put in play Local GOP chairwoman says Romney is the perfect candidate for the times She concedes , though , the president 's favorable image is an obstacle for Romney
LOS ANGELES , California  Reuters  -- Paul Stanley , a singer and guitarist with rock band Kiss , was forced to pull out of a show in California on Friday after his heart started beating at more than twice the normal level , he said on his Web site . Paul Stanley , pictured here in April , co-founded Kiss with Gene Simmons in New York in 1973 . The apparent tachycardia happened while the band was rehearsing for a performance at a casino in San Jacinto , California , about 90 miles  145 km  east of Los Angeles . "  My heart spontaneously jumped to 190 plus beats per minute , where it stayed for over an hour necessitating paramedics to start an IV and give me a shot to momentarily stop my heart and get it into a normal pattern , " Stanley , 55 , wrote on his site www.paulstanley.com . A normal heart rate at rest is about 60 to 80 beats a minute , according to the American Heart Association . Tachycardia , or rapid heart rate , can cause palpitations , shortness of breath , chest pain , dizziness , lightheadedness , fainting or near fainting , the group said on its Web site www.americanheart.org . Stanley said he was advised performing would be risky , and the show went on without him . Fellow principal Gene Simmons told fans the group would play as a trio , and turned the show into a tribute to his ailing bandmate . A call to Kiss manager Doc McGhee for an update on Stanley 's condition was not immediately returned late on Saturday . Stanley , born Stanley Eisen , and Simmons co-founded Kiss in New York City in 1973 . Adored by fans , despised by critics , the group made a name for itself performing in white face make-up and ghoulish costumes . Hits during its heyday included such anthems of teen rebellion as "  Rock and Roll All Nite " and "  Shout It Out Loud . " Stanley released a solo album last year . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Apparent tachycardia , or rapid heart rate , struck while the band was rehearsing Stanley : "  My heart spontaneously jumped to 190 plus beats per minute " Stanley said he was told performing would be risky ; show went on without him
CNN  -- It 's been a while since we 've heard anything concrete on Apple 's rumored "  iWatch " device , but Bloomberg now reports that Apple has filed on June 3 to trademark that name in Japan . This does n't necessarily mean anything -- companies file for protective trademarks all the time -- but it 's one more indication that Apple is dabbling in wearable computing . iWatch rumors have been flying for most of the year , but we still do n't have a clear idea of what the gadget might look like  or what it would do  if it ever comes to market . One report said that the watch would run a version of iOS but suggested that battery life issues could be holding it back . The watch might also include a pedometer and other sensors to help it compete with fitness gadgets like Nike 's FuelBand and the Fitbit . Apple CEO Tim Cook has previously said that "  amazing new hardware " would be coming out this fall and throughout 2014 , but whether he meant new product categories like an iWatch or simply refreshes of Apple 's existing products  like the new Mac Pro  is anyone 's guess . Either way , there 's no need to worry if the iWatch does n't pan out -- you can always rely on the Pebble watch or the rumored devices from Samsung , Google , or Microsoft to cover your unsightly naked wrists . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Apple has filed for ` iWatch ' trademark in Japan Company is believed to be working on an iOS-run smart watch Google , Samsung , Sony and others also appear in the market
CNN  -- Iranian protesters have found a new outlet to mobilize and take action . The presidential election has proved how much opposition supporters can demand change without necessarily taking to the streets . Just give them a computer and an Internet connection and watch what they can do . Supporters of defeated Iranian presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi protest in Tehran on June 13 , 2009 . At the height of the protests and disorder in Tehran on Saturday and Sunday , Twitter was used to give graphic accounts to a worldwide audience - even if they were a maximum of 140 characters . Tweets from "  Change for Iran " were among several that offered real time updates : " ... my friend saying more than 100 students arrested , I ca n't confirm this but the numbers are high . bastards just attacked us for no reason , I lost count of how much tear gas they launched at us ! ... we have now some students with urgent need of medical attention I 'm calling out to all ppl who can come here do n't leave us . " Some Iranians are already veterans on social networking sites with loyal followings . They offer the world a unique voice : free , unfiltered and very different from what the Islamic Republic of Iran 's media propaganda offers viewers and readers . Internet service is available in Iran but it is still in its infancy . Available in homes , on hand-held devices and in select cafes , the Internet is slow and unreliable at times , says blogger and aspiring journalist Ali from Tehran , a supporter of opposition leader Mir Hossein Mossavi . This makes services such as Skype almost impossible to operate . Watch the role technology has had in the election " Still , it provides users with an outlet to the outside world as the country waits for broadband and wider wireless coverage . With the absence of text messaging and mobile services -- both were cut off across the country on and around election day and were still blocked on Sunday -- Twitter proved to be the most reliable communication technique between people inside Iran and millions of others on the outside thirsty for any update . Twitter has enabled people to express to the world their hopes for the elections , excitement at the chance of exercising their right to vote , jubilation in President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's camp and shock and disappointment among Mossavi 's supporters . Now they 're keeping the Twitterverse ablaze with information about Moussavi , his challenge to the election results and his intent to request their annulment . Moussavi 's supporters comfortably outnumber Ahmadinejad 's on Twitter but both are represented . Facebook is also very popular in Iran , says Ali . He wholeheartedly believes that Facebook was the reason behind what he describes as a successful campaign by President Ahmadinejad 's main rival . Ali says Moussavi campaign managers organized supporters , planned gatherings and garnered support through Facebook pages dedicated to the Reformist candidate . "  His Facebook page got huge amount of fans on it , pictures spread extremely fast , " says Ali . It was used on Saturday and Sunday to organize and announce street protests , to send out warnings about police activity , but especially to keep followers abreast of his whereabouts . They were the first to talk about his forced house arrest . President Ahmadinejad also jumped on the social networking bandwagon ahead of the race . However , his popularity there pales in comparison to that of Moussavi . Both candidates ' pages remain a main source of information for updates and breaking news . In fact we 've seen many cases of news breaking on Facebook first while confirmation came later , including Moussavi 's house arrest and Ahmadinejad 's planned addresses . According to Iranian bloggers , website filtering falls under the oversight of the Intelligence Ministry in conjunction with the Ministry of Information and Iran 's judiciary . Bloggers complain that at times the ministry filters words like "  violence , " "  unrest " and "  democracy . " Recently , Ali believes the censors were filtering content based on a candidate 's name . Moussavi supporters claim filtering particularly targeted their candidate after his popularity soared and authorities feared he would pose a serious challenge to Ahmadinejad . Another challenge for Iranians comes from the U.S. Because of its sanctions against Iran , some services like video conversations are not allowed . So , it 's a tap dance sometimes to figure out the best way to talk to someone in Iran . People do n't like to use landlines or mobile phones for fear of their calls being traced . They do n't like e-mails as they can leave a trace . They do however feel comfortable with services like Google Talk . They find it safe , as no one can see what they look like and with common Iranian first names like "  Ali " and "  Shahrzad " , as my main contacts are named , they find a way to communicate with the world as few Iranians have done before .	Iranians protesting presidential election use Internet to mobilize and take action Twitter used to give graphic accounts of protests to a worldwide audience Social networking sites offer the world a unique voice : free and unfiltered People do n't like to use landlines or mobile phones for fear of their calls being traced
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Like cholera itself , Haiti 's protests against the United Nations spread Thursday to the capital , Port-au-Prince , as angry people took to the streets demanding the global body get out of their country . Similar demonstrations erupted earlier this week in the northern coastal city of Cap-Haitien after assertions that U.N. peacekeepers from Nepal were responsible for starting the cholera outbreak that has claimed more than 1,100 lives and spread to eight of the nation 's 10 departments . The United Nations has denied that its forces were responsible for the outbreak . In Port-au-Prince on Thursday , a planned protest began peacefully in the center of the city but turned violent as it moved toward the presidential palace , with one woman overcome by tear gas , witnesses said . At the central square , Champs de Mars Plaza , several hundred young men moving in a pack blocked traffic by setting fire to tires in the street and overturning Dumpsters . Several threw rocks at a campaign poster for presidential candidate Jude Celestin , whose candidacy has been endorsed by outgoing president Rene Preval . Others threw Molotov cocktails at the poster . Some Haitians have said Celestin is a symbol of what is not working in the country , and that Preval 's endorsement of him means the election -- set for November 28 -- will not be fair . Near the presidential palace , which was destroyed in the January 12 earthquake that killed more than 200,000 people and left more than 1 million homeless , stores were closed and few cars were in the streets , though pedestrians were moving about freely . A sprawling makeshift tent city that is home to thousands of people who lost their homes in the quake is located in the area . "  The Haitian government is never do nothing for us , " said Pierre Aliodor , a protester who lives in the camp . "  And we know the international government is still spending a lot of money for the Haitian people . But Preval , with his government , he still keeps their money to take back to the United States to buy some house . " Since the earthquake struck , neither he nor his wife had received any help from the government or from any of the many nongovernmental organizations that are in Haiti , Aliodor said . Aliodor called for elections to be delayed . "  This is not election time , " he said , adding that both Preval and the U.N. forces should depart , "  because they are not good for the Haitian people . " In another part of town , dozens of Haitians -- most of them young and male -- attacked a government tractor that was being used to clear barricades blocking the streets . In addition to the 1,110 reported cholera deaths , another 18,382 people have been hospitalized with the disease , the health ministry reported . The hospital death rate was 4.0 percent , far above the none to 1.0 percent that infectious disease experts said they expect in developed countries . In Washington , Mark Ward , the acting director of the Office of U.S. Foreign Disaster Assistance at the U.S. Agency for International Development , said U.S. authorities have "  a lot of confidence " in the Haitian government 's response to the outbreak . The U.S. government strategy for aid in Haiti is to focus on prevention , he said , citing the need for clean drinking water , the addition of chlorine to the water supply , the ready availability of oral rehydration salts , education of the populace about how to protect themselves from getting the disease , and money to expand treatment centers . "  We 're going to invest a lot of money in their health system in the next five years , " said Thomas C. Adams , special coordinator for Haiti . "  Every hour that the efforts of medical and relief workers are obstructed means more deaths of Haitians from cholera , " said Dr. Mirta Roses , director of the Pan American Health Organization  PAHO  . "  We understand the frustration of many Haitians with the tragic situation that has developed as a result of systemic poverty , the January earthquake and now the cholera epidemic . But relief and medical workers are as critical to saving lives as rescue teams were after the earthquake . " In Cap-Haitien , a cholera treatment center at the main stadium is being operated by Medecins Sans Frontieres , also known as Doctors without Borders . Before the recent unrest , the organization was planning to open another center in a different part of town , said Dr. Lea Guido , PAHO representative in Port-au-Prince . On Wednesday alone , the center took in 100 patients . PAHO said the unrest had led it and other United Nations agencies to discontinue much of their work supporting cholera treatment centers , training health personnel , and delivering supplies to affected communities . "  The last shipment of medical supplies was delivered over the weekend , and we had to postpone distribution planned for Monday , " said Guido . "  The airport was closed , and many roads remain blocked . We have not been able to ship new supplies to the area at all this week . " Beginning Monday , residents of Cap-Haitien , which has been hard hit by the outbreak , began demonstrations against U.N. peacekeepers . The northern port city is in the North Department , the Haitian province that has the highest fatality rate from cholera , 7.5 percent . "  Experience shows that without access to health care , the rate could rise to as much as five times that figure , " PAHO said in a statement . Health workers at Hopital Universitaire , the city 's main hospital , treated at least six patients with gunshot wounds . "  MINUSTAH shot them , " said a man pushing a wheelbarrow holding one of the wounded . He was referring to the U.N. forces in Haiti by their acronym . At Cap-Haitien 's Justinien Hospital , Dr. Wilton Cheruben told CNN that 37 people with bullet wounds had been treated between Monday and Wednesday night . The victims included a 9-year-old and a 14-year-old who were shot in the mouth ; a 6-year-old was shot in the back and an 11-year-old was shot in the arm , he said . "  Right now , we do n't have any anesthetics , and the people really need some help , " he said . In Cap-Haitien , PAHO staff members have been confined to their living quarters since Monday . Roses said Thursday it was impossible to identify the origins of the epidemic in Haiti "  with currently available data . " Rita Colwell , a cholera expert at the University of Maryland in College Park and the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore , said the reported links between the outbreak and peacekeepers is not based on evidence . "  The evidence is not clear at all to be making any charge whatsoever for importing the disease , " she said . "  We 've been jumping to conclusions without evidence , without facts . " U.N. officials said the demonstrations have disrupted logistical operations , including the supply of clean water and proper sanitation . The U.N. 's World Food Programme reported that one of its warehouses had been looted and that food supplies were burned . The private charity Oxfam suspended water chlorination projects and other private charities pulled out of the Cap Haitien area . U.N. staffers have suggested the violence is politically motivated and said it 's especially troubling just ahead of Haiti 's presidential elections . Journalists Dmitri Foucard and Osman Jean Junior contributed to this story from Port-au-Prince	Demonstrators blame U.N. peacekeepers for the cholera outbreak Protests have been ongoing in the northern city of Cap-Haitien Aid agencies say the protests are hampering treatment
CNN  -- Golfer Tiger Woods will "  apologize for his behavior " Friday when he makes a statement at PGA headquarters in Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida , his agent said . Agent Mark Steinberg said Woods would not answer questions . It will be the golfer 's first public appearance since his November 27 car crash outside his home near Orlando , Florida . "  Tiger Woods will be speaking to a small group of friends , colleagues and close associates , " Steinberg said . " ... Tiger plans to discuss his past and his future and he intends to apologize for his behavior . " A statement on Woods ' Web site elaborated : "  While Tiger feels that what happened is fundamentally a matter between him and his wife , he also recognizes that he has hurt and let down a lot of other people who were close to him . He also let down his fans . He wants to begin the process of making amends , and that 's what he 's going to discuss . " Blog : No apologies Tiger , just be real Steinberg said he did n't know if Woods ' wife , Elin Nordegren , would appear with her husband . Woods crashed his black Cadillac Escalade into a fire hydrant and then a tree just a few days after the National Enquirer reported he was having an affair with a New York nightclub hostess who denied the affair . A day after he paid his $ 164 traffic ticket , Woods ' seemingly perfect world began to crumble under what would eventually become an avalanche of allegations of infidelity threatening his five-year marriage to Nordegren . The couple have two children , Charlie , 1 , and Sam , 2 . Woods issued an apology for "  transgressions " that had let his family down , as several women reported they had affairs with the golfer -- including one woman who allegedly had Woods on a voicemail asking her to take his name off her cell phone because "  my wife went through my phone and may be calling you . " Several of Woods ' major sponsors , including AT&T and Accenture , ended their business relationships with Woods following the crash and the exposure of his marriage troubles . iReport : Share your thoughts on Woods ' apology But other companies , including Nike and Pepsi 's Gatorade , continue to sponsor Woods , who has taken a break from his professional golfing career . Procter & Gamble 's Gillette said it would stop airing commercials featuring the golfer for a while .	NEW : No word on whether Woods ' wife , Elin Nordegren , will appear with her husband Agent : Woods will make statement at PGA headquarters in Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida Woods will not answer questions , agent Mark Steinberg says Woods plans to discuss his future and to apologize for his behavior , Steinberg says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. , Turkish and Iraqi leaders all held talks Monday about Kurdish rebels using northern Iraq as a launchpad for cross-border attacks into Turkey . Turkish troops patrol near the border with Iraq on Monday . President Bush chatted by phone with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , while separately two senior Iraq national government figures met with the head of the country 's Kurdish region . The diplomatic moves came after Turkish warplanes pounded Kurdish separatist targets in northern Iraq on Saturday and Sunday as well as last week . Bush and Erdogan talked about the dangers of the Kurdish separatist rebels along the Turkish-Iraqi border , the White House confirmed . National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe said they discussed their common efforts to fight terrorism , and the importance of the United States , Turkey and Iraq working together to confront the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK . Bush has vowed to help Turkey fight PKK rebels . The PKK has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for Kurds in southeastern Turkey , with some of its attacks launched from inside northern Iraq . The United States and European Union consider the group a terrorist organization . Last week , Turkey 's ambassador to the United States , Nabi Sensoy , said his country 's maneuvers against Kurdish militant targets in northern Iraq were based on intelligence provided by the United States . In the Kurdish Iraq city of Sulaimaniya , Iraqi President Jalal Talabani , who is Kurdish , and Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi , who is Sunni Arab , met with Kurdish Regional Government President Massoud Barzani . Iraqi Kurdish officials , while critical of the PKK , have denounced the Turkish bombing campaign . Last week , Barzani snubbed visiting U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in protest of the attacks . "  We have vehemently condemned the bombardment . The bombing targeted safe and secure areas and innocent people . Several people were either killed or wounded , " Barzani said on Monday at a press conference with the others . "  We held consultations with President Jalal Talabani and we will continue our consultations with other concerned parties to put an end to these aggressions and put to an end the shelling of villages . " The three Iraqi officials also dealt with national unity . They signed a "  memorandum of understanding " to deepen relations further with their three parties : Talabani 's Patriotic Union of Kurdistan , Barzani 's Kurdistan Democratic Party and al-Hashimi 's Iraqi Islamic Party , a Sunni Arab entity . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kathleen Koch , Talia Kayali and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report	Bush : U.S. , Turkey and Iraq must unite against PKK Kurdish separatists Iraqi Kurds are critical of both PKK and air attacks against them Turkey bombed alleged PKK sites in northern Iraq over the weekend PKK has spent 20 years fighting for autonomy in Turkey ; uses Iraq as a base
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga says his country will not negotiate with al Qaeda-linked Somali militants who have threatened to kill Kenyan hostages unless Nairobi releases all Muslims charged with terrorism . Speaking at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Odinga told CNN 's John Defterios that his government 's position was "  very clear . " "  We do not want to negotiate with terrorists , " he said . "  We expect them to surrender Kenyan citizens who they are holding hostage without any kind of conditions whatsoever . " Al-Shabaab , the Islamist terror organization which controls parts of neighboring Somalia and is being pursued by Kenyan and African Union forces , issued the demands on Wednesday when it released a video of two Kenyan hostages seized a year ago in a cross-border raid . The group demanded that Nairobi release all Muslims held on terror charges , and secured the release of Muslims held in Uganda on similar charges . Odinga said that terrorism was an "  international affair , " and that a collective response was required from the global community to tackle terror groups on the continent such as Al-Shabaab , Boko Haram in Nigeria and Islamists in northern Mali . "  The African Union must have a common stand and mobilize the African governments to provide the forces to face this international menace , working together with the United States and the European countries , " he said . Odinga , the leading candidate in Kenya 's upcoming March presidential elections , told CNN he did not anticipate a repeat of the violence which wracked the country after the previous vote , which saw hundreds killed and damaged the economy . He said the country had a new constitution , electoral commission and electoral laws and reformed the judiciary and security forces . "  The situation right now is ... different from what it was five years ago . " He said his focus , if elected , would be on building the country 's productivity , and diversifying an economy predicted by the IMF to grow 5.6 % this year .	Kenya will not negotiate with Al-Shabaab militants holding Kenyans hostage , says PM Al-Shabaab has demanded Nairobi release Muslim terror suspects in return for Kenyan hostages Kenyan PM Odinga says an international response is needed to tackle terrorism in Africa
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A potential victim became a compassionate counselor during a recent robbery attempt , changing the would-be criminal 's mind -- and apparently his religion . Surveillance video shows storekeeper Mohammad Sohail holding a robber at bay with a shotgun . Storekeeper Mohammad Sohail was closing up his Long Island convenience store just after midnight on May 21 when -- as shown on the store 's surveillance video -- a man came in wielding a baseball bat and demanding money . "  He said , ` Hurry up and give me the money , give me the money ! ' and I said , ` Hold on ' , " Sohail recalled in a phone interview with CNN on Tuesday , after the store video and his story was carried on local TV . Sohail said he reached under the counter , grabbed his gun and told the robber to drop the bat and get down on his knees . "  He 's crying like a baby , " Sohail said . "  He says , ` Do n't call police , do n't shoot me , I have no money , I have no food in my house . ' " Amidst the man 's apologies and pleas , Sohail said he felt a surge of compassion . He made the man promise never to rob anyone again and when he agreed , Sohail gave him $ 40 and a loaf of bread . "  When he gets $ 40 , he 's very impressed , he says , ' I want to be a Muslim just like you , ' " Sohail said , adding he had the would-be criminal recite an Islamic oath . "  I said ` Congratulations . You are now a Muslim and your name is Nawaz Sharif Zardari . ' " When asked why he chose the hybrid of two Pakistani presidents ' names , the Pakistani immigrant laughed and said he had been watching a South Asian news channel moments before the confrontation . Sohail said the man fled the store when he turned away to get the man some free milk . He said police might still be looking for the suspect but he does n't intend to press charges . "  The guy , you know , everybody has a hard time right now , it 's too bad for everybody right now in this economy , " said the storekeeper .	Long Island storekeeper Mohammad Sohail faces man wielding baseball bat Sohail grabs shotgun ; stunned man begins to cry , says he has no food at home Man 's story tugs at Sohail 's heartstrings , and he offers man money , bread , milk After act of compassion , man says he wants to become a Muslim like Sohail
LA GLORIA , Mexico  CNN  -- Tucked away in this small mountain village in Mexico , off a dusty road flanked by pig farms , is where the earliest case of swine flu -- a virus spreading globally -- was confirmed . Five-year-old Edgar Hernandez , known as "  patient zero , " survived the earliest documented case of swine flu . Meet the child known as "  patient zero " by his doctors -- 5-year-old Edgar Hernandez , who survived the earliest documented case of swine flu in an outbreak that , officials say , has now spread across four continents . His family lives in the 3,000-population village of La Gloria in the state of Veracruz , where a flu outbreak was reported on April 2 . State officials arrived and tested dozens of people . Lab tests confirmed that Edgar was the only patient in Veracruz to test positive for the swine flu virus ; the others had contracted a common flu . Health officials had returned to Edgar 's sample only after cases of the new flu strain were spotted around the country . Watch Dr. Gupta meet little Edgar " "  In this case , there 's a patient who turned out to be positive for the swine-flu virus , with the exception that at that time in no region of the world it had been established as an etiological , epidemic cause , " said Mexico Health Secretary Jose Angel Cordova . Edgar has managed to bounce back from his symptoms and playfully credits ice cream for helping him feel better . His mother blamed a huge pig farm in the neighborhood for the virus . Officials have conducted tests at the farm owned by U.S. company Smithfield Foods , and those tests came back negative . Swine influenza , or flu , is a contagious respiratory disease that affects pigs . When the flu spreads person to person , instead of from animals to humans , it can continue to mutate , making it harder to treat or fight , because people have no natural immunity . Symptoms include fever , runny nose , sore throat , nausea , vomiting and diarrhea . Learn more about swine flu and how to treat it " Common seasonal flu kills 250,000 to 500,000 people every year worldwide , far more than the current outbreak of swine flu . But there is no vaccine for this new disease , and little natural immunity , an expert said . "  I think the reason to be concerned is ... we had a vaccine for regular flu , " said Dr. Carlos del Rio of the Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta , Georgia . "  This is a totally new virus . ... You have a virus to which there 's no pre-vaccination , there 's no prior immunity . And , therefore , the mortality rate may be higher than other influenza viruses . " Watch why swine flu is a "  sloppy virus " " Researchers do not know how the virus is jumping relatively easily from person to person , or why it 's affecting what should be society 's healthiest demographic . Meanwhile , in hard-hit Mexico City , the government closed universities , postponed sporting events , asked restaurants to serve only take-out food , and canceled church services in an effort to try to stem the spread of the virus . Worried residents continue to flood in night and day at hospitals , only to be turned away by armed guards . Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta inside a Mexico City hospital " Two of the most common antiviral drugs , Tamiflu and Relenza -- which are effective against swine flu -- are in short supply in Mexico 's capital . It also has become impossible to find protective surgical masks , which the government had handed out to one out of every five residents . "  I was looking for a mask at my local pharmacy , but they sold out , " supermarket worker Rafael Martinez said as he rode the subway . "  I know it 's a risk , but I ca n't find one . " CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta in La Gloria , Mexico , contributed to this report .	Boy , 5 , with first documented case and only in village , is recovering Mother blames a nearby pig farm for virus , but tests there came back negative Thousands flood Mexican hospitals , scramble for masks
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A British soldier was killed on New Year 's Day by an explosion in southern Afghanistan , Britain 's Ministry of Defense said Friday . A British unit on patrol in Helmand province 's Garmsir district , where another soldier has died . The soldier , who served with the 6th Battalion The Rifles , had been taking part in a routine patrol in the Garmsir district of Helmand province when he was killed , the ministry said . "  It is deeply saddening to confirm the loss of a British soldier who died while helping to provide security in southern Helmand , " said Commander Paula Rowe , a spokeswoman for Task Force Helmand . "  His family , friends and all those who knew and worked with him will mourn his loss -- our heartfelt sympathies go to them all at this terrible time . " Britain suffered its worst year of losses in Afghanistan in 2008 , with 51 British troops killed . It was more than in any other year since the mission began in October 2001 , the defense ministry said .	British soldier killed on New Year 's Day by blast in Afghanistan Soldier served with the 6th Battalion The Rifles in Helmand province He was on patrol in Garmsir district when he was killed
CNN  -- James Holmes was in "  the throes of a psychotic episode when he committed acts that resulted in the tragic loss of life " at a Colorado movie theater a year ago , his attorneys said in a court filing . It is the first time the defense has admitted that Holmes killed 12 people in the mass shooting , The Denver Post reported . The judge in Holmes ' murder trial last month accepted the defendant 's plea of not guilty by reason of insanity . Suspect to wear hidden harness during trial Holmes previously offered to plead guilty and spend the rest of his life behind bars if authorities would spare his life , but prosecutors in Arapahoe County announced in April they would seek the death penalty . The defense then decided to make an insanity plea . Judge Carlos Samour Jr. has told attorneys he expects the trial to take place in 2014 . The burden is on the prosecution to prove that Holmes was sane at the time of the shootings . Attorneys will use the results of a mental evaluation as evidence at the trial . Holmes faces murder and other charges in the July 20 , 2012 , shooting spree at the premiere of the Batman movie "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Rescue workers were n't prepared for chaos of Aurora shooting CNN 's Jim Spellman and Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	In a court filing , Holmes admits to the mass shooting for the first time He is the suspect in last year 's shooting spree at a movie theater in Colorado Court document says he was having "  a psychotic episode " at the time of the shooting
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexico City , the country 's capital , is one of the world 's important cultural centers -- showcasing Latin America 's rich history and traditions . "  I love its uniqueness , " CNN 's Armando Talamantes said of the city where he lives and works . "  The weather is never too hot and never too cold . " What 's just right is the city 's endless supply of music , local food and art museums . With a population of 8.8 million people , Mexico City is one of the most densely populated areas in the country and one of the richest cities in the world . It 's also a huge attraction for soccer fans and bullfighting enthusiasts . From eating out any time of the night to enjoying a day in the "  Mexican Venice , " or Xochimilco , to visiting the pyramids just outside the city , Talamantes says Mexico City is a constant surprise and delight . Here , he offers some insider tips on traveling to his hometown : Where can you get the best view of the city ? If you 're downtown , go to the top of Torre Latinoamericana . It was the tallest skyscraper in Mexico City for many years . Now , it 's kind of old but keeps its charm . If you 're on Reforma , Mexico 's most beautiful avenue , try to step into Piso 51 in Torre Mayor , the tallest skyscraper in Latin America . Beware : It is a private club , and you will be asked to join . Which restaurant would you take your loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? Taberna del León in Plaza Loreto offers traditional Mexican cuisine in a cozy environment . It 's managed by Mónica Patiño , the famous Mexican chef . Where is the best place to people watch ? Try barrio La Condesa -- its streets are full of bars and restaurants attracting a very interesting crowd , especially on nights and weekends . Also , you can go to Emilio Castelar , a street in Polanco full of life and good-looking people . What is your favorite neighborhood ? Why ? Colonia Roma is becoming the "  Mexican Soho , " with lots of galleries , restaurants , bars , boutique hotels , fountains and squares . It is antique , so you can find old buildings , but it 's also transforming into a more modern area . It is close to La Condesa , which is also a very cool place , full of young people . What 's the biggest misconception about your city ? You wo n't believe how many trees are in the city . And the robberies are n't that common , either . Where do you go to relax ? Espacio Escultórico at the UNAM , Mexico 's biggest university campus , offers a collection of sculptures by famous artists . That is a little farther south of the city . If you 're not willing to travel that much , go into Bosque de Chapultepec 's audiorama , where you can sit on a bench and listen to some good music . What essential thing should visitors see or experience if they have only a few hours ? Go inside Museo de Antropología , which showcases the very DNA of Mexico . If you do n't want to step into a museum , go downtown to see El Zocalo  Mexico City 's main square  and Templo Mayor , the remains of an ancient Aztec temple . What 's the biggest tourist trap ? Is there a "  tourist trap " that 's actually worth seeing ? The biggest tourist trap is Plaza Garibaldi , were the mariachis are awful and you can get mugged . A trap that could be worth seeing is the area called Xochimilco , often called "  Mexican Venice " because of a series of canals . Where was your most memorable meal ? Where 's your favorite place to spend a night out on the town ? Zinco bar , on Cinco de Mayo Street in downtown , has great jazz music and a very cheerful crowd . Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? Not really . Just stick to the tacos and tequila as if you were any place in Mexico . If you want something fancy , try duck enchiladas in Izote restaurant on Avenue Presidente Masaryk , Mexico 's most expensive street . What is a good local souvenir ? Rag dolls sold by the local natives in the streets .	Espacio Escultórico at Mexico 's biggest university campus has a relaxing collection of sculptures Stick to the tacos and tequila as if you were anywhere in Mexico Zinco bar , on Cinco de Mayo Street downtown , has great jazz music , cheerful crowd
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- The Basque separatist group ETA said Monday it was declaring a permanent cease-fire . In a statement released to the Basque newspaper Gara -- where it typically releases information -- ETA said it declares a permanent general and verifiable cease-fire as a "  firm commitment towards a process to achieve a lasting resolution and toward an end to the armed confrontation . " Spanish Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba said that the statement that the government wants to see is one where ETA calls for a definitive end , which he said the statement does not do "  Am I more tranquil today than before ? Yes , " Perez said . "  Is this the end ? I would say no . " Spain 's Socialist government has repeatedly called for ETA to announce unilaterally a definitive end to its decades of separatist violence , blamed for more than 800 deaths , and a pledge to lay down its weapons . ETA wants Basque independence in northern Spain and southwest France . Various Basque leftist parties -- including the Batasuna party , outlawed for its links to ETA -- as well as four Nobel peace laureates and the Nelson Mandela Foundation also have called in recent months for the organization to establish a permanent and verifiable cease-fire . The Batasuna party 's ban from running candidates in municipal elections will not be lifted because of ETA 's statement , the interior minister said . The latest statement comes after weeks of speculation in Spain that ETA would issue a statement during the holiday season . "  It is time to act with historical responsibility . ETA calls upon those governing Spain and France to end all repressive measures and to leave aside for once and for all their position of denial towards the Basque Country , " the statement said . Another part of the message said , "  The solution will come through the democratic process with dialogue and negotiation as its tools and with its compass pointed towards the will of the Basque people . " "  ETA will continue its indefatigable struggle and efforts to promote and to bring to a conclusion the democratic process until there is a truly democratic situation in the Basque Country , " it added . The organization has announced cease-fires before and broken them , notably its unilateral 2006 cease-fire that was announced as "  permanent , " only to be broken months later with a car bomb at Madrid 's airport that killed two people . Despite ETA 's current cease-fire , in effect since September , the government has not eased up on the police pressure against ETA operatives in Spain and the organization 's hideouts in neighboring France and Portugal . In the past few years , police have arrested many of ETA 's suspected top operatives , as well as many of its foot soldiers , and seized bomb-making materials and weapons from hidden arms caches , virtually shutting off ETA attacks . There are about 800 ETA convicts or suspects in prison , mainly in Spain but also in France , the Interior Ministry said recently . ETA 's statement comes two days after a march Saturday in the largest Basque city , Bilbao , by relatives and friends of the prisoners . They want the prisoners transferred to jails in the Basque region instead of being dispersed across Spain , which authorities have said is done for security purposes . ETA is listed as a terrorist group by the United States and the European Union for its campaign of car bombings and shootings . The Spanish government of Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero began a peace process in 2006 during ETA 's earlier unilateral cease-fire , but after the organization detonated an airport bomb , the government called off negotiations . Since then , officials of Zapatero 's government have said they would not accept another cease-fire , only a definitive statement from ETA that it would end its armed fight , and specifying when and where it would lay down its arms forever . The Basque region in northern Spain already has considerable home-rule authority , with its own police , parliament , taxing power and control of health and education . But ETA rejects those as partial steps , and has fought for full independence . ETA 's goal is an independent Basque nation comprising the three-province Basque region and the neighboring Navarra region in Spain , along with three departments in southwest France that also have Basque roots . About 3 million people live in those areas now . Officials have said that in recent years , ETA has become weaker and more isolated from its traditional base of popular support .	The Basque separatist group ETA has announced and broken other cease-fires ETA seeks independence for Basques in northern Spain and southwest France About 800 ETA convicts or suspects are being held in prisons , officials say
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- A magnitude-7 .9 earthquake that struck southwestern China last year left 5,335 students dead or missing and disabled an additional 546 children , state media reported . A girl fastens wish cards at a middle school at Qushan township earlier this year in memory of students . The first official tally of students killed in the Sichuan province quake was released Thursday by Tu Wentao , the head of the province 's education department , the Xinhua news agency said . As of September , official figures put the death toll at 69,227 , with more than 17,923 people missing . The tremor struck May 12 about 2:30 p.m. , when many children were in school . The official tally of student deaths and injuries was released a few days after an Amnesty International report accused the government of China of intimidating and unlawfully detaining relatives of children who had died in the earthquake . The 52-page report , published Sunday , documented instances in which relatives said they had been detained for up to 21 days for trying to get answers from officials . "  By unlawfully locking up parents of children who died , the government is creating more misery for people who have said in some cases they lost everything in the Sichuan earthquake , " said Roseann Rife , deputy program director of Amnesty International Asia-Pacific . The report also accused authorities of preventing relatives from complaining to higher officials about the quality of construction in the buildings that had collapsed . The human-rights organization called on Chinese authorities "  to take immediate action to address the grievances of survivors and relatives of those who were killed or injured . " CNN was not immediately able to get a response to the report from China 's Ministry of Civil Affairs and Ministry of Justice .	In September , officials put death toll at 69,227 , with more than 17,923 missing The tremor struck May 12 at about 2:30 p.m. , when many children were in school Amnesty accused China intimidating relatives of children who died in quake
O.J. Simpson is staying behind bars . The former football star and media celebrity -- who some know best for his having stood trial in the killing of his ex-wife -- on Tuesday lost his latest legal fight , as a Nevada judge upheld his conviction on kidnapping , armed robbery and other charges . Simpson 's legal team 's bid , which followed an unsuccessful "  direct appeal , " asked for a new trial on 22 specific grounds related to his trial and appeal . But they did n't sway Clark County Judge Linda Marie Bell , who sided against Simpson point-by-point-by-point . "  Given the overwhelming amount of evidence , " Bell wrote , "  neither the errors in this case , nor the errors collectively , cause this court to question the validity of Mr. Simpson 's conviction . " His current legal team expressed dissatisfaction with the ruling . "  We 're shocked and disappointed , " said Patricia Palm , one of his attorneys . "  We 're convinced the law provides relief for Mr. Simpson . " The Heisman Trophy winner , as college football best player , and Pro Football Hall of Fame member had starred as a TV commentator , in commercials and in movies after his retirement from the sport . Simpson pleads with Nevada parole board to cut prison term Yet he found himself accused of murder in 1994 , following the killing of his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and Ronald Goldman . After a lengthy , high-profile trial , a jury acquitted him in that case . But Simpson 's life hardly returned to normal . He lost a civil trial brought against him in the deaths , and was ordered to pay millions in punitive damages -- including $ 33 million to Goldman 's estate , according to Tuesday 's ruling . Years of legal fights ensued ; by 2007 , the Goldman and Brown families had yet to collect any money from Simpson , according to their lawyers . That September , Simpson and several others went into a Las Vegas hotel room to get sports memorabilia Simpson said belonged to him . The six men confronted the dealers Bruce Fromong and Al Beardsley , brandishing weapons , but not firing them . Simpson , 66 , insisted he was going after what was rightfully his , saying he regrets only bringing along men "  who I did n't know and one I did n't trust . " The jury did n't trust his side 's arguments , finding Simpson guilty on 12 counts , including kidnapping and armed robbery . He was sentenced to up to 33 years in prison . A parole board partly reduced his sentence early this year , though he still has at least four more years to serve . This latest appeal attempted to throw out the conviction for several reasons , most of them related to his defense team . Simpson claimed his one-time lawyer , Yale Galanter , had a conflict of interest in the case , his lawyers improperly advised him not to testify , did n't tell him of prosecutors ' plea offer and did n't present "  voluntary intoxication " as a defense . One of the grounds was particularly sweeping , with Simpson asserting that his attorneys did n't properly address "  judicial misconduct , prosecutorial misconduct and the admission of prejudicial evidence , " before citing several specific instances . But as with each of the other claims , Bell did n't accept his arguments . "  Mr. Simpson has failed to provide any evidence supporting his claim for ineffective assistance of trial counsel , " she wrote about this matter , specifically . "  Consequently this claim is denied . " Documentary : Serial killer , not O.J. , killed Simpson and Goldman	O.J. Simpson had asked for a new trial , 5 years after his robbery , kidnapping conviction He cited 22 specific grounds , chiefly saying that his lawyers failed to represent him well The Nevada judge rules against him , pointing to "  the overwhelming amount of evidence " One of Simpson 's current lawyers says "  we 're shocked and disappointed "
CNN  -- I know from experience how the lack of tangible evidence gnaws at an accident investigator . Eventually , the passion driving efforts to find answers is replaced with a feeling of futility and hopelessness . For the investigator in charge , valuable time that could be spent on the search and investigation will be spent justifying the cost of the search to the bureaucracy . But as the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 resumes after a four-month hiatus , investigators must realize the question here is not how much it will cost to find the airplane and determine the cause to ensure it wo n't happen again . Instead , the question should be this : How much will it cost if they do n't ? Armed with new maps of the seafloor from an extensive survey operation funded by the Australian Transportation Safety Board , the Fugro Equator has resumed the underwater search for MH370 . Three ships will begin searching for debris on the ocean floor in a refined search area after new information revealing an attempt to communicate with the plane via satellite phone prompted investigators to revise the search area much farther south than previously . Each of the search vessels has been fitted with sophisticated underwater sonar equipment designed to use a towed device to examine the bottom of the ocean floor for abnormalities that may be remnants of the Boeing 777 that vanished from radar on March 8 . The Echo Surveyor II being used is much more capable , and can work at more extreme depths , than the Bluefin 21 used in previous searches . But all this sophisticated equipment and trained scientists to operate it is not cheap . Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss announced a $ 50 million  Australian dollars  contract in August to fund yet another round of searches for the missing plane and 239 passengers and crew , while Australian Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston reportedly estimated as much as $ 25 million has been paid to the defense force for the visual search it conducted . In addition , another $ 60 million has been committed for the underwater search . Finally , if and when the aircraft is found , the retrieval and causal investigation could easily add $ 50 million or more to the price tag . All this adds up to what would be the costliest search in history , more even than the estimated $ 160 million in recovery costs for Air France Flight 447 off the coast of Brazil in 2009 . The search area for that plane was narrowed to only five square miles within weeks , and yet it took nearly two years to find and recover the remnants of the Airbus A330 aircraft . The search and recovery area for MH370 is exponentially greater , at some 23,000 square miles , and may therefore be exponentially more expensive . But while it is understandable against the backdrop of such rising costs why investigators might be tempted to abandon the search , the consequences of not establishing the cause of the tragedy could be disastrous . After all , without some kind of assurance that the problem has been corrected -- clearly not possible without knowing what happened -- it could happen again at any time to any airline . The reality is that accidents without answers produce doubts about safety , and such doubt can eventually take a toll on the entire airline industry , not just one particular air carrier . True , millions of people continue to fly in the wake of the disappearance of MH370 . But tens of millions of dollars in passenger revenue have already been lost as Malaysian Airline 's jets reportedly fly with large numbers of vacant seats . As a result of the drop in passenger numbers , Malaysia Airlines is set to be removed from the stock exchange as part of a 12-point recovery plan in an effort to rebound from the losses . But imagine the damage it could do to the entire airline industry if there is another tragedy and still no answer to the question of what caused the disappearance of MH370 . Such a turn of events would rock not only passengers ' faith in the airlines ' ability to keep them safe , but also governments ' ability to assure safe air travel . Ultimately , while the cost of the search can be counted , the costs of giving up can not be fully calculated . But they are surely higher , in terms of lost revenues and damaged public confidence . Put bluntly , the best way of ensuring that the tragedy of MH370 is not repeated is to find the plane -- or what remains of it -- and work out what actually caused this in the first place . Whatever the cost .	Search has resumed for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Australia has already spent millions of dollars on search , David Soucie notes MH370 search set to be most expensive in history , Soucie says But the cost of not finding out what happened even greater , he says
EW.com  -- Lance Armstrong 's story has everything . Victory . Redemption . A triumph of the human spirit . All-American ambition shading into moral decay . The enticing possibility that Matthew McConaughey could play himself . So we should n't be surprised that two different studios are trying to translate Armstrong 's story to the big screen . In January , reports indicated that J.J. Abrams 's Bad Robot was producing an Armstrong movie for Paramount .  Rumors abounded that Bradley Cooper was in the running for the lead role â $ " rumors which Cooper denied . Now , Deadline reports that Warner Bros. has acquired an untitled Armstrong project with a script by Scott Z. Burns , who seems well-suited to the material : He wrote The Informant ! , a movie about a delusional man fooling investigators , and Side Effects , a movie about how drug use might be bad for you . The film would be directed by Jay Roach .  A source close to the production confirmed the Deadline report to EW . Even though it 's tempting to paint this as a race between two competing projects , there 's plenty of material in the Armstrong story . The Warner Bros. film would apparently focus partially on Tyler Hamilton , Armstrong 's former teammate whose damning confession to "  60 Minutes " initiated the endgame of the Armstrong long con ; perhaps that film would focus more on the interaction of the U.S. Postal Service cycling teammates . The Paramount film is based on Juliet Macur 's upcoming book Cycle of Lies : The Fall of Lance Armstrong . Or maybe Aaron Sorkin will write a Lance Armstrong movie where it turns out he was just trying to bike faster because Rooney Mara dumped him in college . Justin Timberlake could play Matthew McConaughey ! See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Two different studios are trying to translate Lance Armstrong 's story to the big screen Reports indicated that J.J. Abrams 's Bad Robot was producing a movie for Paramount Now , Deadline reports that Warner Bros. has acquired an untitled Armstrong project
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Militants killed a driver of a container truck carrying supplies for NATO in Pakistan 's tribal region on Monday , a government official told CNN . Three gunmen in a car opened fire on the truck in the Jamrud area of Khyber Agency , a district in Pakistan 's tribal region bordering Afghanistan , said Bakhtiyar Khan , a government official in the district . Khan said three members of the truck crew were also injured in the incident as the vehicle moved towards the Pakistan-Afghanistan border . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack . Several anti-American militant groups , including the Taliban , are active in the region . Pakistan reopened routes into Afghanistan a month ago after closing it to NATO traffic in anger at the killing of 24 Pakistani troops by coalition forces . The Pakistani Taliban threatened to attack NATO trucks when the border reopened , saying the supplies are used to target its members fighting against occupation in Afghanistan . Taliban have attacked NATO supplies in the past , and killed drivers and other crew . On July 5 , trucks carrying supplies to NATO troops crossed from Pakistan into Afghanistan for the first time in seven months , officials said . Because Afghanistan is landlocked , many supplies for NATO-led troops fighting Islamic militants have to be trucked in from Pakistan . On July 3 , Islamabad decided to reopen the crucial supply routes shut down on November 27 , a day after coalition forces mistakenly killed the 24 Pakistani troops . The Pakistani routes offer a shorter and more direct path than ones through Russia and other countries which NATO was forced to use when the border was closed . It has cost the U.S. an extra $ 100 million a month to use the alternative northern routes . Journalist Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report .	The driver of a container truck bringing NATO supplies to Afghanistan is killed Anti-American militants , including the Taliban , operate on the Pakistan-Afghanistan border No one has claimed responsibility for the shooting Pakistan reopened the border to NATO last month after a dispute
London  CNN  As the petition to reinstate Jeremy Clarkson as the presenter of Top Gear grows to include almost 700,000 signatures , it seems the controversial star has an influential ally -- UK Prime Minister David Cameron . "  I do n't know exactly what happened , " the PM told the BBC . "  He 's a constituent of mine , a friend of mine . He 's a huge talent . "  Because he is such a huge talent and he amuses and entertains so many people , including my children , who 'd be heartbroken if Top Gear was taken off air , I hope this can be sorted out , because it 's a great programme and he 's a great talent . "  Every organ has to be free to manage its talent . I do n't want to interfere in the running of the BBC . I hope it can be sorted out . "  The prime minister has many responsibilities , sadly , securing the future of Top Gear is n't one of them . " Cameron and Clarkson are part of a group dubbed as "  The Chipping Norton Set " -- wealthy media , politics and showbiz individuals who live in the affluent part of central England known as the Cotswolds . Jeremy Clarkson : Hated by liberals , loved by the elite Clarkson was suspended for allegedly hitting a producer , the BBC reported on Wednesday . The BBC said Clarkson , one of the corporation 's highest earners , had "  a fracas with a BBC producer " in a statement released on Tuesday . "  Jeremy Clarkson has been suspended pending an investigation , " they said . "  No one else has been suspended . Top Gear will not be broadcast this Sunday . " The BBC reported that the next two episodes , and possibly the third and final show of the series , will not be aired . The BBC director-general Tony Hall said that the incident is being investigated . Using the hashtag #BringBackClarkson , which is trending worldwide , some Twitter users lamented that the show would not be the same without him . Clarkson himself also took to Twitter , posting an apology  of sorts  to Labour leader Ed Miliband -- for knocking him down the news agenda . He also retweeted a "  suffering " fan . "  Save Clarkson ? " his co-host James May tweeted . "  Save empty cardboard boxes and off-cuts of string . They 're far more useful . " But a "  Sack Jeremy Clarkson " petition is also doing the rounds , gathering 16,500 signatures so far . Some will be glad to see the back of him . Former CNN host Piers Morgan , who has had a series of run-ins with the presenter , also waded in with a cheeky jibe . This is not the first time that Clarkson has been at the center of controversy . In May last year , the television presenter asked forgiveness after using a racist term during a taping of the show . Clarkson had mumbled the n-word while reciting a children 's nursery rhyme , but that version of the take was never aired . Last year , the BBC show hit the headlines when Argentina complained about a "  Top Gear " special filmed in the country in which the number plate H982 FKL was used -- interpreted by some as a reference to the 1982 Falklands War . Forced to stop filming and leave the country , Clarkson said on the BBC Newsbeat website that the use of the plate was purely coincidental . Top Gear was named as the world 's most widely watched factual program in the Guinness World Record 2013 Edition book , with an estimated 350 million global viewers . The show is sold to 214 territories worldwide . In a previous article on their website , the BBC said "  Jeremy Clarkson is not a man given to considered opinion . " In their statement , the corporation declined to comment any further .	Presenter was involved in an encounter with a BBC producer Top Gear was due to air this Sunday , episode pulled from schedule
Mashable  -- Napster co-founder and Facebook founding president Sean Parker lashed out at the movie "  The Social Network " at a conference in Europe Sunday , calling it "  a complete work of fiction . " As you can see in this video  skip to 5:20  , Parker admires the production values of the film , but objects to the way his character was portrayed . He particularly dislikes the scene where he writes a check to Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin : "  The part of the movie that frustrated me is actually the scene at the end where the character played by Justin Timberlake -- who happens to have my name -- basically writes a check to Eduardo -- who I 'm also , I consider Eduardo a friend of mine , and I 'm one of the few people at Facebook who still interacts with Eduardo -- and throws it in his face and has security escort him out of the building . "  And I mean , that 's just rude . This guy in the movie is a morally reprehensible human being . " Parker made the remarks in an on-stage interview at the DLD Conference 2011 in Munich , which started Sunday . In an interview with Mashable three months ago , Zuckerberg would n't say whether he liked the film or not , but thought its audience size was minuscule compared with Facebook 's : "  We build products that 500 million people see ... If 5 million people see a movie , it does n't really matter that much . " © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Sean Parker is the Napster founder and Facebook founding president Parker lashes out at the movie "  The Social Network " at a European conference Parker admires production values , but objects to the way his character was portrayed
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Michael Jackson fans who purchased tickets for his final concerts will receive a full refund or , if they chose , a commemorative ticket , the concert promoter said Tuesday . A fan shows off the first ticket bought at the O2 Centre in London for one of Michael Jackson 's concerts . "  The world lost a kind soul who just happened to be the greatest entertainer the world has ever known , " said Randy Phillips , president and chief executive officer of AEG Live . "  Since he loved his fans in life , it is incumbent upon us to treat them with the same reverence and respect after his death . " Fifty sold-out Jackson concerts were scheduled for the O2 Arena in London , starting July 13 , with admission costing at least $ 105 . The shows were billed as the final concerts of his career and were called "  This Is It . " Tell us what you think -- would you take the ticket or the refund ? Fans who decide they would rather have a souvenir will receive a ticket conceived by Jackson . There are eight designs that include holographic images of the entertainer on the front . Images of the tickets will be available on michaeljacksonlive.com in coming days , according to the promoter . Refunds will be processed by the issuing ticketing agencies -- See , Ticketline , Ticketmaster and Viagogo . Billboard magazine has estimated that $ 85 million in tickets were sold for the concert series . Additional packages , merchandise and secondary market sales could have raised the total to $ 115 million . AEG Live declined to comment on the figures . Jackson was expected to earn $ 50 million from the London shows . He died Thursday in California after his doctor found him in bed not breathing , but with a slight pulse . Efforts to revive the 50-year-old singer failed and he was pronounced dead at a Los Angeles medical center .	"  This Is It " ticket holders who choose a souvenir will get tickets conceived by Jackson Fifty sold-out Jackson concerts were scheduled to start July 13 in London Jackson was expected to earn $ 50 million from the London shows
CNN  -- A federal appeals court ruled late Friday that about 1,300 gay and lesbian marriages performed earlier this year must be recognized by Utah . However , the judges stayed their order until July 21 to give the state time to file an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court for emergency action . The justices would be asked to delay recognition of those same-sex marriages until the overall constitutional issue is fully decided by the high court , a process that may not happen for a year or more . The same appeals court late last month ruled Utah 's voter approved Amendment 3 violated the equal protection rights of same-sex couples . The law currently defines marriage only between one man and one woman . A group of plaintiffs then asked the court to order the state to recognize those marriage licenses already issued in December and January . About 1,300 same-sex couples obtained marriage licenses in the 17 days after a federal judge ruled on December 20 that Utah 's ban was unconstitutional . Those marriages were stopped after a temporary stay was put in place by the Supreme Court . That was the issue in Friday 's court action . Colorado 's same-sex marriage ban should n't stand , judge rules	Same-sex marriage got go-ahead in Utah for 17 days last year Appeals court says marriages performed then must be recognized Same court says order wo n't take effect until July 21 , so state can appeal
CNN  -- Robert Zimmerman Jr. , the brother of the man who shot and killed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin , apologized for his controversial and offensive tweets . In one , Zimmerman juxtaposed a photograph of Martin with one of 17-year-old De'Marquise Elkins , one of two teenagers charged with killing a baby in Georgia . Both Elkins and Martin appear to be flipping off the camera . "  A picture speaks a thousand words . Any questions ? " the tweet reads . In another tweet , Zimmerman writes : "  Lib media shld ask if what these2 black teens did 2 a woman & baby is the reason ppl think blacks mightB risky . " Speaking on CNN 's Piers Morgan Live on Wednesday night , he apologized for the messages , saying they were n't the "  right thing to do . " "  I realize those were controversial and offensive and I did publicly apologize for them , " he said . "  I 'm a human being . I 'm being upfront about what I did . I made a mistake ... Unfortunately  it  may not have helped George . " 5 things to know about the case His brother , George Zimmerman , has been charged with second-degree murder . Zimmerman acknowledged shooting Martin but said it was in self-defense . Attorneys for Martin 's family have accused Zimmerman of racially profiling Martin and shooting him "  in cold blood . " Robert Zimmerman Jr. said he was trying to make a larger point in his tweets about the "  media and their honesty in portraying the person who encountered my brother February 26 , 2012 . Letters to Zimmerman show split opinions "  We 've been led to believe that it 's a junior-high-school-aged person because of the pictures , " he said , referring to Martin . "  The analogy is these are two people who chose to represent themselves in this way . One was accused of killing a baby , and whatever 's in his social media makes the rounds immediately ... However , the other person who almost killed my brother had he disarmed him -- my brother had every indication to believe he would have killed him -- his social media is off limits . " Chief witness in Martin case lied under oath Zimmerman 's tweets prompted a response from his brother 's defense team . Attorney Mark O'Mara told CNN 's "  Starting Point " Thursday morning that Robert Zimmerman does n't represent his brother or his defense . "  Having said that , I 'm not sure where  Robert 's  heart was , but I 've always said for the past year that we have to have a conversation about race , and the Zimmerman case has brought it to the forefront , particularly the way young black males are treated in the system , " O'Mara said . "  These type of tweets ... were insensitive to that , and quite honestly are the opposite of what I hope the conversation would be to try and figure out what 's wrong with the system and maybe a good way to fix it . " O'Mara said he worries about how Robert Zimmerman 's tweets will affect George 's case . "  Everything that happens in this case is , if not overblown , hyper-focused upon , so that everything that George says or does is important , " O'Mara said " ... And certainly when a family member of my client says something that comes across as totally insensitive -- if not much , much worse --  it  has an effect , and now we have to deal with it . " Opinion : Trayvon Martin did not die in vain	"  I 'm a human being ... I made a mistake , " says Robert Zimmerman Jr. . He tweets side-by-side images of Trayvon Martin and De'Marquise Elkins Elkins is accused of killing a baby in his stroller in Georgia Zimmerman says he was trying to make a larger point about the media
CNN  -- Nicole "  Snooki " Polizzi tied the knot Saturday with longtime beau Jionni LaValle in a celebration in New Jersey inspired by the "  Great Gatsby . " The reality TV star from the show "  Jersey Shore " stuck to the theme in a demure wedding dress that was a far cry from the brash animal prints and plunging necklines for which she is known . In a photo posted on her website , she wore an opulent beaded lace dress and a floor-length veil over her bright red hair . She also posted a shot of the couple 's first matrimonial kiss . "  Here is the first picture of me and Jionni as husband and wife ! " she commented . She promised there would be more to come . Polizzi and LaValle have two children together . Lorenzo was born in August 2012 and Giovanna arrived in September . Polizzi 's fans have been following preparations for the nuptials on MTV 's "  Snooki & JWOWW . " She appears on the show with former "  Jersey Store " cast member Jenni "  JWOWW " Farley .	NEW : Snooki promises fans she will post more about her wedding Nicole "  Snooki " Polizzi and Jionni LaValle wed in New Jersey The couple has two children together The former "  Jersey Shore " cast member shared a photo of her wedding dress
CNN Student News  -- April 12 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Ivory Coast • Japan • France Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : I 'm Carl Azuz , and this is CNN Student News ! We do n't need 80 days . We 're taking you around the world in 10 minutes . Asia , Europe , North and South America . But we 're starting things off in western Africa . First Up : Ivory Coast Crisis AZUZ : The civil war that 's been raging in the nation of Ivory Coast seems to be coming to an end . In fact , a United Nations representative said yesterday that while there are still some small signs of resistance , to his knowledge , most of the fighting has stopped . That is because Laurent Gbagbo , Ivory Coast 's former president , was arrested on Monday . This is Gbagbo , and this is the hotel that he was taken to yesterday . It 's the headquarters of both the U.N. group in Ivory Coast and of Alassane Ouattara , the man who defeated Gbagbo in last year 's presidential election . Gbagbo refused to step down despite having lost the election , and that is what led to the violence . Hundreds of people killed . Thousands fleeing from the country . Now that Gbagbo 's been taken in , one U.S. official said Ivory Coast can start to return to normal . Libya Civil War AZUZ : Moving northeast across Africa , we come to Libya . That country 's government and military , led by Moammar Gadhafi , have been fighting against rebels who want him out of power . The African Union has come up with a plan to end that fighting . They 're calling it a "  road map . " What it would do is immediately stop the fighting and help bring humanitarian aid into Libya . Colonel Gadhafi has signed off on the plan . But the rebels who are fighting against him have n't . The plan does n't force Gadhafi to step down from power , so he could continue to lead Libya . And while rebel leaders say they 're open to ideas , they say Gadhafi leaving power has to be included . Quake Anniversary AZUZ : In Japan , rescue workers briefly stopped their search yesterday as the nation paused to remember the victims of the deadly earthquake and tsunami that hit exactly one month earlier . Special ceremonies , moments of silence paying tribute to the more than 13,000 people who were killed and the more than 14,000 others who are still missing . Just a short time later , Japan was hit by another earthquake . There have been hundreds of these aftershocks since the quake on March 11th . Yesterday 's had a magnitude of 6.6 . It caused landslides that trapped several people in one city . It also caused a temporary evacuation at that troubled nuclear power plant where engineers have been trying to cool down nuclear reactors . Just the Facts STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Just the Facts ! Burqa is an Arabic word that dates back to the 1800s . It is an article of clothing that covers someone 's face and body . Burqas are often associated with Islam , as they are worn by some Muslim women . Burqa Ban AZUZ : In France , it 's illegal to wear a burqa according to a new law that went into effect this week . Two women who were protesting the ban were arrested on Monday . Police say they were n't arrested for wearing burqas , but rather for being part of an unauthorized protest . French officials say burqas pose a security concern and affect the dignity of women who wear them . But critics of the ban say it violates European human rights laws . Atika Shubert is in France . She has more on this new law and the reaction to it . BEGIN VIDEO ATIKA SHUBERT , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : A highly controversial law has gone into effect , and it 's the talk of the country , as you can imagine . In fact , I 'm going to hold up just a section of Le Parisien newspaper here . The headline is "  the full veil is banned on the road . " It actually has a small diagram here to show exactly what is allowed and what is not allowed in France now . The burqa , which covers the entire face , is banned . The niqab , which covers everything but the eyes , is also banned . But the hijab , which covers the head but leaves the face unveiled , is allowed . Now , the nuts and bolts of this law : Basically , it is now illegal for anyone to wear a full veil covering on the streets of France in public . And in public , it means anywhere on the streets , in a public office , such as a post office or a train station , even in a cinema , it is not allowed . Really , the only place where the full veil is allowed is in a car , the private vehicle , or in the privacy of your own home . There are only an estimated less than 2,000 women in France that actually wear the full veil , so it wo n't impact that many people , but it is highly controversial . Now , CNN did have the opportunity to speak to one woman who is wearing the full veil and says she will continue to wear the full veil even as this law goes into effect . And she told us what she thinks of this new face of France . HIND AMAS , VEIL WEARER IN FRANCE -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : In all honesty , I 'm just sad . I 'm just sad and disappointed , because quite frankly to get to this point , I think it 's very revealing about many things . And thankfully , thankfully , not all of the French population think like the politicians who voted this law . SHUBERT : Now , even though this only affects a small portion of women here in France , this law is very popular . It was passed with an overwhelming majority in France 's parliament . And in the most latest polls , more than 80 % of French respondent say they support the law . Atika Shubert , CNN , Paris . END VIDEO Debt Ceiling AZUZ : To North America , Washington , D.C. : the U.S. Congress just finished up one round of financial debate . There are several more of those to go , and one of the big ones coming up soon is about the U.S. debt ceiling . Now , that is the legal limit for how much money the U.S. can borrow . Congress has about a month to work on this . But with a two-week spring break coming up , that does n't leave a whole lot of time . So , what is the current debt ceiling ? How close are we to it ? And what are the options facing Congress ? Ali Velshi is here to help break it all down . BEGIN VIDEO ALI VELSHI , CNN CHIEF BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT : The real fight , the one that 's getting started , is over the country 's debt limit . By law , the amount that the U.S. can carry , the amount of debt that the U.S. can carry , is $ 14.294 trillion . It 's a credit limit that Congress sets . Now , that 's what they can borrow . Here 's where we stand right now . The actual current debt of the United States : $ 14.208 trillion . The difference between the two is $ 86 billion . Now , the U.S. is going to exceed this limit by May the 16th , based on current spending . The government can pull a few tricks and get away with being over the limit until about July 8th . But not increasing this credit limit is going to create some problems . Now , there are two scenarios for what could happen if Congress does n't raise that debt limit by May 16th . Neither of them are good . The government can cut spending or it can raise taxes . They need to raise $ 738 billion to keep the country running until the end of the fiscal year , which is September 30th . But Democrats oppose cuts and oppose increasing taxes , so if they do n't do that , the U.S. could default on its loans . That could create a big problem . That could send the dollar plummeting . It could send oil prices higher . It could hobble an already delicate economy , which is why this , this debt ceiling , is going to become the focus of our attentions for the next month . END VIDEO Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Ms. Kelleher 's computer class at Wesleyan Middle School in Norcross , Georgia ! Fort Sumter was where the first shots were fired in what war ? You know what to do ! Was it the : A  American Revolution , B  War of 1812 , C  Spanish-American War or D  U.S. Civil War ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The shots fired at Fort Sumter marked the start of the Civil War . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Civil War Anniversary AZUZ : Those shots were fired exactly 150 years ago today . The Civil War , also known as the War Between the States , killed more American troops than any other U.S. war . And it all started here : at Fort Sumter in South Carolina 's Charleston Bay . Confederate troops opened fire on the fort . The Union commander surrendered the next day , and the Civil War had begun . Many Civil War battles are played out today in re-enactments like this one . You might 've seen one nearby where you live . The Civil War lasted four years , with the South ultimately surrendering in April of 1865 . Before We Go AZUZ : Well , we promised you five continents at the beginning of today 's show , and that can be a tall order . But so is this . In fact , when it comes to towers built out of Legos , this is the tallest . It took 6,000 people working on this -- and , yes , they needed a crane -- in Sao Paulo , Brazil to put it together . 500,000 Legos stacked up more than 102 feet high . Something like this takes a lot of planning , a good strategy . So , no matter how fast the finished product comes together ... Goodbye AZUZ : ... We are sure they were toying around with the idea for a while . Will that tower be a building block for future world record attempts ? If you ask me , for those builders , the sky 's the limit . But for now , we 'll "  lego " of this story . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz . We will look forward to seeing you tomorrow . Bye bye !	Find out why the civil war in Ivory Coast is coming to an end Consider a controversial new law in France that bans the burqa Examine a crucial moment that 's looming for the U.S. debt ceiling Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
To some , Memorial Day marks the start of summer . But to veterans and their families , Memorial Day is one of the most difficult and hallowed days of the year . A time to reflect on our fallen heroes and to think of survivors of wars gone by . Lost , injured or home safe and sound , our military and veterans communities are facing grave challenges that deserve national attention . Yet , as this Memorial Day approaches , stories about Benghazi , the IRS , and the Department of Justice 's seizing the phone records of AP and Fox reporters are taking up almost all of the focus in Washington . After the Memorial Day observances conclude and before Washington returns to business as usual , we need to ensure we are doing right by those who have served to protect our nation . On Memorial Day , nearly 900,000 veterans have disability claims pending with the Department of Veteran Affairs , including almost 600,000 veterans who have been waiting for more than 125 days for a response . Those figures represent a more than 613 % increase since President Obama 's first inauguration in 2009 , when 85,000 veterans were in the backlog for more than 125 days . VA benefits were put in place to support service-disabled veterans who , as a result of their injuries , need health care and financial support . But our men and women returning home now are n't getting that support . They 're asking for help , but so many are not getting it . There 's been some recent movement in the right direction . Since March , the VA has decreased the backlog by 3.2 percent , according to the IAVA 's analysis of Veterans Benefits Affairs reporting . That the backlog has been reduced for six consecutive weeks is a positive development and reflects the VA 's new urgency to fix the backlog problem with new initiatives . Yet , to eliminate the backlog by its public goal of 2015 , the VA must do far better . Veterans need the aggressive leadership and decisive action of Obama , who has been silent on the backlog , to bring the backlog down to zero . This is something that 67 senators and a bipartisan group in the House are calling for , along with more than a dozen veterans service organizations . The president rightfully displayed prompt leadership in responding to another critical issue for service members : military sexual trauma . A Pentagon report released in early May revealed that an estimated 26,000 cases of sexual assault occurred last year , a one third increase over the previous year . Additionally , during this past month , three officers responsible for leading sexual assault prevention efforts have been embroiled in sexual misconduct cases themselves . News interactive : 100 faces , 100 hours -- Remembering the fallen These incidents have served as a wake-up call for all Americans . We ca n't ask our fellow citizens to put their lives at risk for us if they 're not safe themselves . A group of lawmakers , led by Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York , is proposing new legislation to combat this problem . The Military Justice Improvement Act would remove oversight of sexual assault cases from the chain of command and allow victims to report their assaults to an independent prosecutor . This is an important piece of legislation that is quickly gaining bipartisan support and should be implemented immediately . It 's sensible and can help change the military 's culture for the better . This Memorial Day , we also must continue our work to prevent suicides among those who served . The numbers are sobering : according to Army reporting , 109 active-duty and reserve servicemen and women have taken their own lives this year . Among all veterans , 22 veterans commit suicide every day . That 's 22 veterans . Every day . Despite what we know about veterans ' suicides , a recent report from the VA inspector general 's office found that about a third of veterans considered to be at high risk for suicide do n't receive the recommended follow-up care after they 've been discharged from VA inpatient mental health care . That is unacceptable . We must continue to push for an expansion of programs that connect veterans to mental health resources while also fighting to erase the stigma that prevents many veterans from seeking mental health care in the first place . Ensuring that our service members are thoroughly evaluated and properly diagnosed is crucial to ensuring that they 'll be able to cope with , and overcome , the physical and mental injuries they may have sustained while serving our country . We need the country to get behind us if we 're going to take care of these men and women who have taken such good care of our country . The president 's leadership is essential , but he needs a battalion to lead . #GoSilent with veterans this Memorial Day and ask a friend to do the same . Hold hands with your family at 12:01 p.m. ET and teach your kids why you 're doing it . Thank the next person you see in uniform . And when Memorial Day is over , join our effort to ensure that our elected officials stand with us and take meaningful steps to support veterans and their families . Honor our men and women who have paid the ultimate sacrifice by doing right by their brothers and sisters among us .	Paul Rieckhoff : Memorial Day most difficult , hallowed day for veterans and their loved ones They serve their country , yet 900,000 veterans have disability claims pending with the VA He says lawmakers , president taking needed action on big jump in sexual assault in ranks Rieckhoff : High rate of suicide among veterans requires urgent increase in prevention efforts
London  CNN  -- Lady Gaga visited WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange at the Ecuador embassy in London and spent five hours with him Monday . The pop star was in London to launch her new perfume , Fame , at Harrods department store in Knightsbridge , close to the Ecuadorian embassy . Lady Gaga launches ` slutty ' fragrance According to media reports she went to the embassy to see Assange at around 7:00 p.m. and emerged out of the embassy well past midnight . Lady Gaga also posted pictures with Assange on her website , Digital Spy reported . She was dressed as a witch , in a black gown and a fitting witch hat . Assange , 41 , has been granted political asylum in Ecuador and has been living in the embassy since June . Assange faces extradition to Sweden over allegations of rape and sexual assault made by two women . His legal team , however , claims he will not be given fair trial and that he is being pursued because of WikiLeak 's exposure of U.S. embassy cables , which leaked "  secret details " that embarrassed the U.S. government . Read more : Lady Gaga posts nearly nude pics	Lady Gaga spends five hours with Julian Assange at the Ecuadorian embassy Pop star was in London to launch her new perfume at Harrods Pictures show Lady Gaga dressed as a witch
CNN  At least four people are missing after a severe storm capsized sailboats Saturday afternoon during a regatta in Mobile Bay , Alabama , Coast Guard spokesman Carlos Vega said . Five people were initially reported missing , but one of them has since been been rescued , the Coast Guard said . More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race and as many as 50 people in all were rescued from the water , the Coast Guard said . Jeff Carter , deputy director of Mobile County Emergency Management , said his department is reporting that one person may have died . Besides overturned sailboats , one vessel hit a bridge , he said . Search and rescue efforts are ongoing , the Coast Guard said . Coast Guard Sector Mobile received a report at approximately 4:30 p.m. that a sailing regatta in Mobile Bay had been struck by severe weather , causing several vessels to capsize and leaving a number of people in the water . The Coast Guard and other agencies were on the scene Saturday night , Vega said . The Fairhope Yacht Club sponsors the Dauphin Island Race , according to the club website . The club says this is the 57th year for the event .	Coast Guard says about 50 people were rescued from Mobile Bay More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race , an annual event
CNN  -- A former campaign staffer for San Diego Mayor Bob Filner became the second woman to publicly accuse him of sexual harassment , saying Tuesday that the then-congressman patted her "  posterior " while at a fundraising event . Laura Fink , who now runs a political consulting firm , told KPBS-TV that it happened in 2005 when she was working as Filner 's deputy campaign manager . Fink said she did n't go public with the incident at the time because she was trying to build her political career . But she said she now feels emboldened to tell her story after Filner 's former spokeswoman , Irene McCormack Jackson , sued him for sexual harassment Monday . Jackson said Filner subjected her and other women to "  crude and disgusting " comments and inappropriate touching . She said she resigned as Filner 's communications director in June after deciding the mayor would not change his behavior . "  I had to work and do my job in an atmosphere where women were viewed by Mayor Filner as sexual objects or stupid idiots , " Jackson said . She said Filner asked her to work without underwear and made repeated sexual advances toward her . "  He is not fit to be mayor of our great city . He is not fit to hold any public office . A man who lacks character makes a mockery of his ideas , " she said . Fink told KPBS on Tuesday that the incident happened as she was escorting Filner from table to table at a fundraising dinner . At one point , she said , someone at the event told Filner that Fink had "  worked her ass off " for him . "  He turned to me and he said , ` Turn around , ' " Fink said Tuesday . "  And as a staffer , I know it sounds silly to just do it , but you just do it . And so I turned around and he proceeded to take his hand and pat me on my posterior and laugh and say , ` No , it 's still there . ' " Fink gave the station a copy of an e-mail she sent to Filner in which she asked for an apology . A few days later , KPBS reported , Filner mumbled "  I 'm sorry " but told her she did n't understand what happened . Filner has been battling allegations of sexual harassment for several weeks , but none of the women leveling those claims came forward before Jackson filed her suit in state court . Her lawyer , Gloria Allred , called on Filner to resign , telling reporters , "  Apologies alone will not take care of this injustice . " In a statement issued Monday evening , Filner said he was "  saddened " by the accusations , but "  I remain committed to the people of San Diego and the work that needs to be done . " "  Once due process is allowed to unfold , I am certain there will be a better understanding of this situation , " he said , adding , "  I humbly ask that through this vicious storm of controversy , people take a moment and temper their rush to judgment . " Filner said last week that he believes he will be vindicated by "  a full presentation of the facts . " But he has also acknowledged , "  I need help , " and added , "  I 'm clearly doing something wrong . " "  I am embarrassed to admit that I have failed to fully respect the women who work for me and with me , and that at times I have intimidated them , " Filner said in a statement earlier this month . "  It 's a good thing that behavior that would have been tolerated in the past is being called out in this generation for what it is : inappropriate and wrong . " The 70-year-old Filner served five terms in Congress before being elected mayor in 2012 . He says he will not resign . Jackson said she decided to resign after Filner 's deputy chief of staff resigned in June . Filner "  refused to listen to someone he had known for 35 years , and who told him explicitly , during a senior staff meeting , that his behavior with women was terrible and possibly illegal . Filner "  laughed it off , " she said . She said Filner challenged her to provide one example of improper behavior ; when she brought up his comments about wearing underwear , "  he had no comeback , " she said . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Laura Fink says incident happened while she was a campaign staffer in 2005 She says then-congressman Bob Filner patted her "  posterior " Filner 's former spokeswoman is suing him for sexual harassment He has been battling such allegations for several weeks
CNN  After five months of detention in North Korea , Jeffrey Fowle arrived home in Ohio early Wednesday for an emotional reunion with his family . Stepping off the plane at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and onto the tarmac , he was embraced by family members , including his three children . "  It 's a good sign that the North Koreans released this man unconditionally , " former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Bill Richardson told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  They usually demand a price . " Richardson has helped negotiate the release of prisoners in the past , including from North Korea . Pyongyang 's move is "  a signal to the U.S. that says , ` All right , let 's start talking , ' " and perhaps restart nuclear negotiations , he said . ` Fig leaf ' statement A North Korean government official told CNN that Fowle was released after leader Kim Jong Un issued a "  special dispensation . " "  Comrade Kim Jong Un , the First Chairman of the National Defence Commission , in deference to agreement between the Supreme Leaders of the DPRK and the US , granted a special dispensation for the American Jeffrey Edward Fowle , who was being indicted , to be released after his case had been dismissed , " an emailed statement read . Former White House spokesman Jay Carney called the statement "  a fig leaf . " Kim needed to free Fowle "  to try to thaw relations a little bit , and he needs to pin it on the United States , " said Carney , who is now a CNN commentator . The Obama administration , for which Carney was the spokesman , continues to "  press very hard " for the release of Americans being held in North Korea , as previous administrations did , he said . North Korea accused Fowle of leaving a Bible at a club for foreign sailors and interpreted the act as a violation of law . Although the hermetic state contains some state-controlled churches , the totalitarian regime forbids independent religious activities , viewing them as potential threats to its authority . So Fowle , 56 , languished in detention , one of three Americans imprisoned in the country . A U.S. government plane picked up Fowle in Pyongyang on Tuesday . "  He has been evaluated by a doctor and appears to be in good health , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . "  We 're thrilled ; we 're overjoyed , " said Jim Shihady , assistant pastor of Bethel Baptist Church , which the Fowle family attends in Miamisburg , speaking Tuesday to CNN affiliate WHIO . "  My phone 's been ringing . The texts have been coming in , and people wanting to make sure we 've heard the good news . " Two still detained Matthew Miller and Kenneth Bae are still being held in North Korea . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said the United States has no updates on their status and called on North Korea to release them immediately . Bae , a Korean-American missionary , was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor in 2013 . He told CNN he was working eight hours a day , six days a week , at a labor camp but was being treated "  as humanely as possible . " Miller , accused of tearing up his tourist visa and seeking asylum upon entry , was taken into custody in April of this year . He told CNN that his situation was "  very urgent " and that he would soon be sent to trial and "  directly be sent to prison . " ` Admitted my guilt ' Last month , Fowle spoke with CNN in a situation controlled by North Korea . He pleaded for U.S. help and described the conditions of his detention . In the interview , he said he had "  no complaints " about his treatment . "  It 's been very good so far , and I hope and pray that it continues , while I 'm here two more days or two more decades , " he said . North Korean officials monitored and recorded the interviews . CNN was unable to assess independently the conditions under which the men were being held . "  It 's a covert act and a violation of tourists ' rules , " Fowle said of trying to leave the Bible . "  I 've admitted my guilt to the government and signed a statement to that effect and requested forgiveness from the people and the government of the DPRK . " As a prisoner of the dictatorship , he could not speak freely . Fowle said at the time that he expected his trial to start within a month . City will hire him back While Fowle was detained , Miamisburg terminated his employment as a municipal worker , providing a $ 70,000 severance package . Officials said he had exhausted his leave . But the city says it will hire him back . "  We wish Jeff well . We 're excited to have him return , " City Manager Dave Hicks told WHIO . CNN 's Elise Labott and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	North Korea 's unconditional move is a "  good sign , " former ambassador says North Korea 's statement is a "  fig leaf , " former White House spokesman says Jeffrey Fowle was greeted by family at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio North Korea is still holding two other Americans
CNN  -- Authorities in Saudi Arabia targeting al Qaeda-linked militants have embarked on a large counterterror operation across the country , authorities said Tuesday . Security forces arrested 62 members of a terror cell linked to al Qaeda in Yemen and Syria , Saudi state media reported , citing the Interior Ministry . Police still sought 44 others suspected of involvement with the terror cell , the Saudi Press Agency said . The terror group planned to target installations inside the kingdom with the support of al Qaeda , state-run TV reported . The arrests were made across the country over the past two months , Saudi Interior Ministry spokesman Maj.-Gen . Mansour Al-Turki told CNN . "  This was a very significant counterterror operation and sweep that showcases quite clearly how committed the Saudi government is to combating al Qaeda within its borders and beyond , " one senior-level Saudi government official told CNN . "  This operation is not over yet . " This source , not authorized to speak to the media , requested anonymity . "  One of the most important aspects of this was focusing on and disrupting support these terrorist cells in the kingdom were giving to al Qaeda-affiliated fighters and cells in Yemen and in Syria , " the official said . "  As announced , this operation is not over yet -- the Interior Ministry is still on the hunt for dozens of others . " With the exception of a Palestinian , a Yemeni and a Pakistani , those seized were Saudis , Al-Turki said . The raids were not done in conjunction with the counterterror operations staged in Yemen over the past two weeks . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report	With the exception of a few , most seized are Saudis Police are still hunting for 44 others allegedly tied to terror cell This was separate from raids staged in Yemen
Two men have been arrested in connection with terror-related activities , a U.S. attorney in Texas said Wednesday . Michael Todd Wolfe , 23 , of Austin , was arrested Tuesday at George H.W. Bush Houston Intercontinental Airport just before he boarded a flight to Europe , authorities said in a statement . Wolfe is charged "  with attempting to provide material support to terrorists . " He "  planned to travel to the Middle East to provide his services to radical groups engaged in armed conflict in Syria , " according to a complaint . On February 2 , an undercover agent met with Wolfe and his wife and they watched a YouTube video about foreign fighters in Syria , officials say . Wolfe allegedly discussed the activities of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , the Sunni militant group fighting in Syria and staging an offensive against Iraq . "  While watching the video , Wolfe occasionally stopped the video to explain the current allegiances of the various groups fighting in Syria . They include ISIS , al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra , the Free Syria Army , and Dawla , " a complaint said . Rahatul Ashikim Khan , 23 , of Round Rock , was arrested in a separate case at his home and charged with "  conspiring to provide material support to terrorists . " A complaint said Khan "  conspired with others to recruit persons to travel overseas to support terrorist activities including committing violent jihad " during a period from early 2011 to January 2012 . "  This case is the culmination of a long-term investigation by the FBI and the Joint Terrorism Task Force made up of local , state and federal law enforcement agencies in Central Texas . It 's a textbook example of how well law enforcement agencies in this area work together , " U.S. Attorney Robert Pitman said in a statement . His office covers the western district of the state , including Austin and San Antonio . The men are in federal custody and a detention hearing is set for 2:30 p.m. Friday before a U.S. magistrate in Austin . They face up to 15 years in federal prison and a maximum $ 250,000 fine if convicted . Eight suspected Islamic militants arrested in Spain Malaysian police round up suspected terrorists	One of the suspects discussed the activities of ISIS They are both from the Austin area of Texas They face up to 15 years in federal prison
CNN  Wrapped up in a long brightly-colored scarf , which does little to contain her free-flowing curly hair , Nneka sits back quietly as she tries to bring to mind her very first memory of music . "  I was a kid , " the Nigerian singer finally says , her thoughts traveling back to Warri , the Niger Delta city where she grew up . "  While I was doing my domestic work in the house , sweeping , waking up at 5am in the morning , there was this bird -LSB- singing -RSB- -- and I never forgot the melody , " she continues , breaking a warm smile . "  Funny wise , like 25 years later I was in Lagos and I heard the same melody -- it was amazing ! " Nneka 's first musical recollection might be firmly rooted in her birthplace , but the award-winning singer 's career was destined to begin thousands of miles away from home -- the daughter of a Nigerian father and a German mother , Nneka moved to Hamburg at the age of 19 to study anthropology . Whilst attending university , she also started exploring her musical talents , and soon found herself performing in various clubs opening up for top reggae and hip-hop names . In 2005 , she released "  Victim of Truth , " a much-lauded debut that fused soulful beats , tasty hip-hop-and reflective ballads with politically-charged lyrics and black consciousness . Since then , she went on to enjoy further chart success , tour extensively and collaborate with global stars like Lenny Kravitz and Damian Marley . And now , the soulful singer is back with a brand new , self-released album -- "  My Fairy Tales " is a formidable collection of rich afrobeat grooves , reggae-tinged beats and uplifting rhythms that reaffirm her place as one of the continent 's most exciting -- and relevant -- artists . CNN 's African Voices caught up with Nneka in London to talk about music , memories and the current situation in Nigeria -- as well as present her with the questions you sent via the #AskNneka and #CNNAfrica hashtags . CNN : In the past , you 've dealt with issues ranging from the environment and politics , to religion and love -- what are the themes that you 're emphasizing at this moment ? Nneka : What is happening in Africa at present concerns me a lot . Boko Haram has always been an issue obviously for the past five , six years -- funny wise , there 's a track in the album called "  Pray For You " which I recorded when not too many people knew what was going with Boko Haram in the West . I 'm talking about the problems and possible solutions , and what are the reasons for the problems that we have . We as Nigerians , we 're not united , that has always been the issue ... that 's our problem , tribalism , and what belongs to whom . I also talk about children and the future , bringing children into this world ... Everyone 's living in a cage and then you bring your child into that kind of society , where your child is forced to live in fear . People are afraid to express themselves politically , and even in their home -- I remember the way we grew up , I did n't look my father in the eye until I was 22 ; you call your father "  Sir , Sir , Sir " -- apparently it 's a form of respect , OK , but respect should not be mistaken with fear . I was afraid and that 's the thing , that 's the colonial mentality : we mistake fear for respect . He -LSB- Goodluck Jonathan -RSB- says he wants to tackle Boko Haram , obviously every Nigerian is asking why now , he could had done it a long time ago ... but I 'm not good at the whole blaming game , I do n't want to blame anybody but I pray that he comes up with a good idea for us if he is an honest and genuine guy . But I know that Fela -LSB- Kuti -RSB- would definitely not be cool with him , Seun -LSB- Kuti -RSB- is not cool with him , and many other musicians who are very outspoken are not cool with him . CNN : What is the power of music and how can it influence things to bring positive change ? Nneka : Music is very powerful , music is big ; music is even more powerful than politics at present . Beyonce would definitely draw more crowd than -LSB- Nigerian president -RSB- Goodluck Jonathan if she was going to hold a speech -- if Beyonce is going to talk about Boko Haram , many people are going to listen , and if she had something to tell Nigerians about love or whatever , many people are going to listen . CNN : How do you see the political and security situation now in Nigeria ? Nneka : All I can say is that we do need proper leadership . Yes , that 's just easier said than done , but we also need ourselves to take more things into our own hands -- so if we want change , we have to show that we want change , peacefully -- I love Malcolm X but I 'd rather go for Martin Luther -LSB- King -RSB- -- peacefully . And be part of it , not just blame our leaders and making sure that you , yourself , contribute to the change that you want to see . YOUR QUESTIONS Nneka : My personal life always inspires me , in the first place , and then I try to expand it to the world . I try not to go too personal so that people can have their own interpretation of the song and also relate to it in their own special way . Nneka : I like The Prophet by Kahlil Gibran , I like Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe , I like the Bible . Right now I 'm reading The Humans by Matt Haig . Read ! Just read , educate yourself ! Nneka : The way forward is going to be easier said than done , but tribalism is not they key . What we need is unity and to appreciate each other as Nigerians , as Africans , regardless of tribe and regardless of religion -- imposing your religion on other people is only going to create war and turmoil , there has to be another way . Nneka : Being on tour for like five months ; I mean you get used to the life , but -LSB- it 's hard -RSB- when you 're coming back home and then realizing that people move on when you 're not around . Nneka : It is successfully already , that 's why everybody is in it . That 's all I can say to that , it 's flourishing and they know it 's flourishing and that 's why they 're all there -- the Chinese , the Americans , the Europeans and the rest of them .	Nigerian singer Nneka releases latest album , "  My Fairy Tales " She combines reggae and afrobeat with powerful lyrics tackling politics , love and forgiveness
CNN  -- Police on Tuesday scoured the area in Detroit where Bianca Jones was last reported seen , searching for any signs of the missing 2-year-old girl . Bianca was reportedly traveling with her father in a 2004 silver Mercury Grand Marquis on Friday when they were carjacked , said Sgt. Eren Stephens , a spokeswoman with Detroit police . "  The suspect took off in the car with her in it , " she said , citing what the father told authorities . The vehicle was subsequently recovered , but the girl remains missing . However , Detroit Police Chief Ralph Godbee Jr. said in a statement over the weekend that the "  authenticity and credibility of the original version of events is under intense scrutiny by our investigative team , " seeming to suggest that police do not believe what the father told them happened . "  At this time , we 're looking at everything , " Stephens said . Bianca is described as African-American , 2 feet , 5 inches tall , 25 pounds , with brown hair and brown eyes . She was last seen wearing a pink dress , pink tights , pink shoes and a purple coat , according to an Amber Alert issued last week by the Michigan State Police . Her father , D'Andre Lane , spoke to HLN 's Nancy Grace on Tuesday night , begging whoever took his daughter to bring her back . "  I do n't care about anything else that 's going on right now but my daughter 's safe return home to her family , " he said . "  I just want my daughter back home . " Lane appeared alongside his attorney , Terry L. Johnson , who said his client gave police permission to enter his home and has fully cooperated in the investigation . Stephens declined to say whether police have searched Lane 's house . "  My daughter is a beautiful little girl . She has a bright personality . She 's the type of person that lights up a room when she walks in it . She 's very intelligent , " Lane told HLN 's Grace . "  She 's just a wonderful little girl to be around . " About 150 volunteers turned out on Monday to help look for Bianca , said Stephens , who also declined to comment on whether they or police had found anything useful . She urged anyone with information on the possible whereabouts of the little girl to contact Detroit police .	NEW : The father of the missing girl describes his daughter as beautiful , bright and intelligent NEW : "  I just want my daughter back home , " D'Andre Lane tells HLN 's Nancy Grace Bianca Jones ' father says she was in his car when it was carjacked She was last seen wearing a pink dress , pink tights , pink shoes and a purple coat
CNN  For the second year in a row Hollywood 's leading women let fly a clarion call , setting the industry to rights . Following Cate Blanchett 's remarks last year , in which the Best Actress winner excoriated the industry for its focus of male-centric filmmaking , Best Supporting Actress winner Patricia Arquette rounded on America 's attitude to gender inequality . Reading from a prepared speech Arquette dedicated her award to "  every woman who gave birth , to every taxpayer and citizen of this nation . We have fought for everybody else 's equal rights , it 's our time to have wage equality once and for all , and equal rights for women in the United States of America . " The actress ' comments received a rousing response ; three-time Oscar winner Meryl Streep burst into enthusiastic applause alongside Jennifer Lopez , whilst Arquette 's ` Boyhood ' co-star Ethan Hawke and director Richard Linklaker looked on with a mixture of pride and surprise . Social media immediately rallied behind Arquette 's call . Model Cara Delevingne took to Instagram while ` Girls ' creator Lena Dunham and documentary maker Michael Moore turned to Twitter . It was a night in which inequality was in tight focus . Host Neil Patrick Harris poked fun at the lack of diversity among the nominations , whilst rapper Common and R&B star John Legend brought tears to the eyes of audience members with their rendition of ` Selma 's civil rights inspired song ` Glory ' . But with much of the pre-ceremony disquiet focused on the lack of racial diversity , few expected women 's inequality would be brought to the fore . Wage inequality is still prevalent in America . Women earn 77 cents for every dollar men earn , the nation ranking 65th globally in a report last autumn by the World Economic Forum . Last year the top ten earning actors made a combined $ 419 million , whilst the top ten earning actresses only managed $ 226 million . Arquette 's comments come after reports repeatedly confirm that women in Hollywood are being underpaid and underrepresented compared to their male counterparts . A 2014 study from the Journal of Management Inquiry found Hollywood 's women commanded their highest wages at the average age of 34 , before rapidly declining . Meanwhile men peak at the considerably older age of 51 , remaining stable thereafter . It speaks to Hollywood 's obsession with women aging that much of the praise Arquette received for ` Boyhood ' revolved around her choice to age naturally on screen across the film 's long gestation period , from her peak of 33 through to 46 . At age 65 , Streep has rebuffed the terminal decline Hollywood imposes on many actresses ' careers , but the pedestal the industry places her upon testifies to how rare a case she is . A recent report from the Center for the Study of Women in Television and Film has recorded a dearth of female-driven features , with actresses making up only 12 % of protagonists in 2014 's top-grossing films . This was despite such films earning a large share of total box office -- spearheaded by Jennifer Lawrence , ` The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 1 ' was the top-grossing film in the U.S. last year with $ 334 million . But such leading parts are few and far between . In fact , data suggests the number of female starring roles is decreasing , falling 3 % since 2013 and down 4 % on 2002 . Author of the study , Dr Martha Lauzen , told Variety that "  there is a growing disconnect or gap between what we might perceive as being the current status of women in film and their actual status ... A few high-profile cases can skew our thinking . " Lead actresses are even missing out in films directed by women . Last year female protagonists starred in only 39 % of such films , whilst those directed by men registered at a meager 4 % . Among the 57 films nominated at this year 's Oscars , 15 had out-and-out female leads -- that being , a film told from the lead actress ' perspective . Representing 26 % of the total nominees , this percentage is far higher than Hollywood 's output last year . However , among those 15 films there were 11 foreign films , shorts , animations and documentaries , demonstrating how leading actresses are often left on the periphery when it comes to major Hollywood features . There were no female-driven stories among the eight films vying for Best Picture ; so too in both adapted and original screenplay categories . Speaking of the lack of female-driven films , Dr Lauzen pointed the finger of blame at those off-screen . "  We need to have greater diversity behind the scenes if this is going to change . " Read LZ Granderson on inequality at the Academy Awards Read more from CNN at the Academy Awards Read more from Leading Women	Arquette took to the stage and criticized the lack of gender equality in America Data shows women are both underrepresented and underpaid in Hollywood Women took only 12 % of leading roles in Hollywood last year Women also underrepresented in minor roles , with age demographics still skewed towards the young
CNN  -- Smart , successful , funny and handsome . Robin Williams seemed to have it all . And yet , today he is dead . Apparently , by his own choice . But why ? What went wrong ? The joy , spontaneity and humor of Robin Williams likely masked the daily torment he endured in his on-again-off-again struggle with depression . He made us laugh out here , but he was in pain in there . Unfortunately , I know that pain . In his death , we have lost one of the most talented and creative spirits on the planet . Still , his death by suicide should be a wake-up call for us all . It is to remind us that many of us are walking a fine line -- smiling on the outside while slowly dying on the inside . I did n't know Robin personally , so I am unable to speak with any certainty as to why he chose to end his life . But I have experienced that kind of torment and pain . For years , I , too , struggled with depression . And many days , I still do . Complete coverage on Robin Williams Those who are suffering will do just about anything not to feel the pain anymore . And in those moments , their brains become their worst enemies . It often takes an outside force to provide light , to make sure those dark thoughts are n't , as in the case of Robin , our last thoughts . According to the Centers for Disease Center , suicide rates increased from 2000 to 2011 from 10.4 deaths per 100,000 to 12.3 deaths per 100,000 . The rate of suicide is higher and rising among men . In 2011 , 78.5 % of suicides were by men , at a rate of 20.2 deaths per 100,000 . The rate of suicide is rising in all age groups except 85 and older and is highest in individuals 45 to 64 , according to the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention . We know and feel that the stigma of mental health is making it even harder for those of us who need support to reach out and get it . Living with depression is isolating and demoralizing and often reinforces the pain that we are in . We ca n't let these tragedies continue . The ripple effect is immeasurable . Now , his loss has to change how we move forward . When someone dies , it is tragic . But when someone dies by suicide , there are so many competing emotions from all who are touched that there is no understanding the impact . We all wonder ` why ? ' No two lives are identical and to make judgments about another 's choice is often more destructive than helpful . But we have to remember that everyone is dealing with their own stuff behind their own mask . We do n't know what 's really going on , so we must be careful not to judge . Too many are dying because of the deafening silence . Everyone you know goes through or is going through the fire , and that 's the truth . For me , depression has been part of my journey for a very long time . Long before I knew what to call it , there it was walking with me , side by side . There it was , holding my hand , invading my thoughts causing me to sleep longer , eat more and rarely smile whenever I spent time alone with myself . I learned to dance the dance , to smile for my friends , for my parents , for the audience , for the camera . I smiled , all while inside a hurricane was sweeping me into an ocean of darkness . You are ashamed . I was ashamed . We are all somehow very ashamed to admit to others our feelings of doom . There is no one size fits all reason for depression 's presence . For some it is childhood demons . For others , a chemical imbalance . It can be brought on by stressful situations or hang around forever in the background like a stubborn gray cloud . Just as there is no single explanation for this emotional predator , there can be no one-size-fits-all solution . It starts with sharing and admitting the pain . Nothing can be fixed until we admit that it is broken , until we acknowledge that there is a problem . From that point forward , we must work toward our healing solutions , because we are fighting for our life . My battle with depression has diminished greatly , although I 'm not sure that it will completely disappear . What I do know is that having it gone completely is a personal goal that I 've set and will continue to take whatever steps are necessary to accomplish it . Writing my book "  Black Pain : It Just Looks Like We 're Not Hurting " was part of the journey . I wanted to help other people better understand what they were going through . Now I 've co-founded with Madeline McCray the New Legacy Leaders Project to carry the mission forward . The mantra of the initiative , "  Our Vision Our Journey , Beyond Depression , Obesity and Poverty to Wellness and Prosperity . " How can we stop our best and brightest , our loved ones , from killing themselves when alone in that darkness ? How can we make a difference ? First , we have to take off the mask . We must begin to share our pain . By talking about it , everyone will realize that they are not alone . And they do not have to go through this journey alone . Next , we must get involved and demand that our elected representatives support legislation that make resources available for everyone to get the support and help they need . Lastly , we 've got to reach out to each other . When you see someone struggling , do n't just ignore them , write them off or assume they 'll just "  snap out of it . " Call them , visit them , keep an eye on them . Have a cup of coffee and just listen . We all have a shared responsibility in the health and well-being of our society , one friend at a time . Robin Williams ' death is a stark reminder to all of how much work there is to do . He was brilliant , and he brought joy to so many others . Yet it seems that inner peace escaped him . But he is at peace now . Still , those he left behind -- his family and friends -- are left to try to make sense of it . Videos : The world according to Robin Williams It might not ever make sense . You never really know what goes on inside someone 's head . We all wear a mask . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . Dr. Dawn Porter contributed to this article . For more information on battling depression go to CNN.com / Impact or call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 .	Terrie Williams has seen first-hand the impact mental illness has had on herself , others Suicide is a major cause of death , highest among those 46-64 Williams says depression is often a secret : "  You never really know what is going on "
CNN  -- Want space travel but do n't have pockets deep enough for Richard Branson 's Virgin Galactic or the courage levels to match Felix Baumgartner , the daredevil space-jumper ? A balloon trip to  almost  space and back might just be the answer . Arizona-based space travel company World View Enterprises says it plans to offer a trip to the edge of space in a luxurious eight-seat capsule for $ 75,000 per ticket . It 's somewhat more affordable considering Virgin Galactic charges $ 250,000 , which also includes three days of training and two and a half hours in space . The capsule will be lifted by a high altitude balloon that will rise up to about 30 kilometers  98,425 feet or almost 20 miles  and stay aloft for two hours before returning back to Earth , according to a company press statement . Quiz : Do you have the smarts to be a space tourist ? That is not as high as Baumgartner 's jumping point  128,100 feet or around 39 kilometers  last year but much higher than one can usually reach -- the average altitude for commercial flights is about nine or ten kilometers above ground , or 30,000 to 40,000 feet . "  Passengers will be among the few to have seen the curvature of the Earth with their own eyes , " the statement touted . "  They will be able to gaze at the astounding views , the blackness of space , the brilliance of stars and the thin veil of atmosphere enveloping our planet . " The first flight is planned for 2016 . Component testing has already begun and sub-scale testing will soon be carried out as well , the company says . The space capsule will be developed by Paragon Space Development Corporation , which is developing technology for Inspiration Mars , a 501-day mission around Mars . Zero gravity flights : cheaper than space travel	Arizona-based company plans trip to the edge of space in a "  luxury capsule " Lifted by a high altitude balloon , the capsule will travel to a height of about 30 kilometers The first flight is expected to take off in three years
CNN  -- The curtain drops to reveal women hanging by their hair . Leotards are in perfect place -- toes pointed , smiles on . The music kicks in on cue , and then suddenly -- horrifyingly -- what 's known as the "  human chandelier " plummets to the ground . "  I screamed . I 'm like , that 's not right , " Chelie Barrie , a spectator , told CNN affiliate WPRI . "  You know , sometimes you 're surprised and it 's part of the show , but this clearly was n't . " Nine performers were injured Sunday in Providence , Rhode Island , said Steve Payne , spokesman for Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus . Eight performers fell when the hair-hang apparatus -- which holds performers by their hair -- failed , Payne said . Another performer was injured on the ground , he added . Providence Public Safety Commissioner Steven Pare said the performers fell from between 25 to 35 feet . Many of those injured suffered broken bones , and no spectators were hurt , Pare said . The performers were among 11 people hospitalized with injuries related to the accident , Rhode Island Hospital spokeswoman Jill Flaxington told CNN . One of those people was listed in critical condition , Flaxington said . It was not immediately clear who the other victims were . Multiple emergency units responded to the accident at the Dunkin' Donuts Center . Witnesses told WPRI that they saw acrobats up on a type of aerial scaffolding doing the "  human chandelier " when a cable snapped . People started screaming and "  going crazy , " Sean Bergeron , a 23-year-old Marine at the circus with his girlfriend , told CNN . A disaster distress hotline , 800-985-5990 , has been set up , and Providence Public Safety is encouraging those in the crowd of 3,900 who are troubled after witnessing the incident to call for free counseling from trained counselors . Payne told CNN 's Fredricka Whitfield the apparatus had been used for multiple performances each week since Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey launched its "  Legends " show in February . "  Each and every time that we come to a new venue , all of the equipment that is used by this performer -- this group of performers as well as other performers -- is carefully inspected . We take the health and safety of our performers and our guests very seriously , and our company has a safety department that spends countless hours making sure that all of our equipment is indeed safe and effective for continued use , " the spokesman said . The Medeiros Hair-Hang Act is touted on the Ringling Bros. website as a "  one-of-a-kind act ... the brainchild of husband-and-wife team Andre and Viktoria Medeiros ,  who  have devised and improved the mechanisms and methods making possible the myriad of maneuvers this troupe will perform for audiences . " "  It is Andre 's attention to every detail , even welding the three different rigs that the girls hang from , that keeps his troupe safe and sound each and every time the act is presented , " the website says . Rhode Island Hospital has confirmed that each of the eight women named by Ringling Bros. as part of the act are in the hospital : Viktoriya Medeiros , Widny Neves , Samantha Pitard , Viktorila Liakhova , Dayana Costa , Julissa Segrera , Stefany Neves and Svitlana Balanicheva . Providence Public Safety released a statement Sunday night saying the city , the Rhode Island State Fire Marshal and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration are working together on the investigation . Payne had earlier said the circus also was involved in the investigation . The circus had all necessary permits and was "  solely responsible for the setup and rigging of the show , " according to the Public Safety statement . "  We will do whatever it takes to come to the bottom of this , make sure that when the show goes back -- starts to perform again -- it 's safe , " said Lawrence Lepore , general manager of the Dunkin' Donuts Center . "  Legends " began a short Providence residency on Thursday , Lepore said . The final five performances there were slated for 11 a.m. , 3 p.m. and 7 p.m. Sunday and 10:30 a.m. and 7 p.m. on Monday . The early show ended with the accident , and the Dunkin' Donuts Center tweeted around 3 p.m. that the two later Sunday shows had been canceled , with refunds available where patrons bought tickets or automatically via Ticketmaster . In June , a performer from Cirque du Soleil 's "  Ka " died in an accident at the MGM Grand Resort in Las Vegas . Sarah Guillot-Guyard , 31 , a Paris-born acrobat and aerialist , "  was being hoisted up the side of the stage and then just plummeted down , " witness Dan Mosqueda told the Las Vegas Sun newspaper . In October , the Nevada OSHA cited the circus and the casino for violations . Nevada OSHA fined Cirque du Soleil more than $ 25,000 and the MGM Grand $ 7,000 , but both the circus and the casino appealed the findings . Cirque du Soleil settled with Nevada OHSA in February , winnowing six citations down to one , according to the Las Vegas Sun . Cirque du Soleil performer injured in Vegas show Cirque and MGM Grand cited in acrobat 's death plunge CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia , Nick Valencia , Adrienne Zulueta and Dominique Dodley contributed to this report .	"  This clearly was n't  part of the show  , " a witness in Providence says Sunday performances by Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus were canceled Circus website touts the safety of the Hair-Hang Act "  each and every time "
CNN  -- An Air Force pilot 's remains were found in the Gulf of Mexico after the crash of an F-16 fighter jet Thursday , the military said . The jet , based at Tyndall Air Force Base on the Florida Panhandle , was on a training mission over the Gulf when the Air Force lost contact with it about 9:15 a.m. , the Air Force said . The pilot 's remains were recovered from the Gulf later in the day , the Air Force said Thursday night . It was n't immediately clear whether the Air Force had found the aircraft ; it earlier said that it was working on the assumption that the jet crashed into the water . The pilot 's name was n't immediately released .	An F-16 crashed during a training mission over Gulf of Mexico , the Air Force says The jet was based at Florida 's Tyndall Air Force Base
CNN  -- Aid organizations have deployed emergency response teams to Haiti and appealed for donations after the Caribbean nation was was struck by a devastating earthquake described by local officials as a "  catastrophe of major proportions . " The magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck southern Haiti on Tuesday , knocking down buildings and inflicting a new catastrophe on the western hemisphere 's poorest nation . Humanitarian charity Oxfam said Wednesday it was rushing rescue teams to the country from around the region to provide clean water , sanitation , shelter and emergency supplies and called for donations to fund its efforts . Impact Your World : How you can help "  At this stage it is too early to tell the severity of the earthquake in Haiti , but the early signs are not good with communications down across the country , " said Jane Cocking , humanitarian director of Oxfam . Kristie van de Wetering , a former Oxfam employee based in the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince , said the situation in the capital was "  very chaotic " with many buildings reduced to rubble . "  We can hear people calling for help from every corner . The aftershocks are ongoing and making people very nervous , " she said . The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies said volunteers in Haiti were assisting the injured and supporting hospitals which had been overwhelmed by the disaster . It said it had enough supplies in Haiti for 3,000 families . Experts in disaster response are due to arrive in the country later Wednesday to coordinate international relief efforts , it said . "  The most urgent needs at this time are search and rescue , field hospitals , emergency health , water purification , emergency shelter , logistics and telecommunications , " the group said in a statement . The quake struck about 15 km  10 miles  southwest of Port-au-Prince shortly before 5 p.m. local time , cutting off communications across much of the country . "  Port-au-Prince is devastated , lot of deaths . SOS . SOS ... , " wrote Louise Ivers , the clinical director of medical charity Partners In Health , in an e-mail to the group 's offices in Boston , Massachusetts . She added : "  Temporary field hospital ... needs supplies , pain meds , bandages . Please help us . " Raymond Joseph , Haiti 's ambassador to the U.S. , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer by telephone that the country was going throug "  I 'm calling on all friends of Haiti and people who are listening to me to please come to our aid , " said Raymond Joseph , Haiti 's ambassador to the U.S. told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer by telephone . "  Today as Haiti is going through the worst day in its history I am calling for all others who got help from us in the beginning to help in support , " Joseph said . "  The only thing I can do now is pray and hope for the best . " Singer Wyclef Jean , nephew of ambassador Joseph , stressed the need for help for what is considered among the poorest nations in the Western Hemisphere . "  We 're going to need immediate aid , " Jean told Blitzer on CNN . "  We 're going to need the United States and the international community to react immediately . " He founded Yele Haiti , whose community service programs include food distribution and emergency relief . In Washington U.S. President Barack Obama said the government would "  stand ready to assist the people of Haiti . " At the Pentagon , the U.S. military said humanitarian aid was being prepared for shipping , but it was not yet clear where or how it would be sent . A U.S. aviation source said the control tower at the Port-au-Prince international airport collapsed , possibly hindering efforts to fly relief supplies into the country . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters that Washington is offering "  our full assistance " to Haiti . "  And our prayers are with the people who have suffered , their families and their loved ones , " she said . The deputy chief of the U.S. mission in Haiti , David Lindwall , told Clinton that he saw "  significant damage " from the quake and said U.S. officials there expect "  serious loss of life , " Crowley said . And Clinton 's husband , former U.S. President Bill Clinton -- now the U.N. special envoy for Haiti -- said the world body was "  committed to do whatever we can to assist the people of Haiti in their relief , rebuilding and recovery efforts . " Haiti 's government is backed by a U.N. peacekeeping mission established after the ouster of former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in 2004 . The United States has been heavily involved in Haiti commercially , politically and militarily for most of the last century . U.S. intervention under Clinton restored Aristide to power in 1994 after a 1991 coup , and a U.S. jet hustled him out of the country again in 2004 following a rapidly spreading uprising against his government . With people stripping the trees for fuel and to clear land for agriculture , the mountainous countryside has been heavily deforested . That has led to severe erosion and left Haitians vulnerable to massive landslides when heavy rains fall . Roads in Haiti were unsafe to travel on because of a lack of lighting and because many buildings along transportation routes had collapsed or were not deemed safe , said Ian Rodgers of the relief organization Save the Children . "  What I can hear is very distressed people , " Rogers said . "  There is a lot of distress and wailing of people trying to find loved ones . " A representative for the aid group Catholic Relief Services in Haiti described the situation in the nation as "  a total disaster , " said Robyn Fieser , regional information officer for the group . Haiti 's dense population will increase the risk to its people , Jean said . The nation 's need for aid will range from water and food to medical and building supplies . "  This is the worst devastation that we as Haitian people have faced , " he said . Hurricane Gordon killed more than 1,000 people in 1994 , while Hurricane Georges killed more than 400 and destroyed the majority of the country 's crops in 1998 . And in 2004 , Hurricane Jeanne killed more than 3,000 people even as it passed north of Haiti , with most of the deaths in the northwestern city of Gonaives . Gonaives was hit heavily again in 2008 when four tropical systems passed through . According to the U.N. Office for the Special Envoy for Haiti , unemployment reaches 70 percent nationally , and 78 percent of Haitians live on less than $ 2 a day . CNN 's Edvige Jean-Francois , Shasta Darlington , Deb Feyerick , Matt Smith , Mike Mount and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	"  Temporary field hospital ... needs supplies , pain meds , bandages , " doctor writes U.S. military says humanitarian aid was being prepared for shipping Haitian ambassador to the United States describes "  worst day " in Haitian history Save the Children : Lack of lighting , collapsed routes render roads unsafe Catholic Relief Services describes situation as "  a total disaster "
The sweat-stained sheets of Thomas Eric Duncan , the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States , still on her bed , a woman quarantined in a Dallas apartment said Thursday that she desperately wants her family 's nightmare to end . "  We ca n't wait to be over with everything , " the woman , who asked to be identified only by her first name , Louise , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  We ca n't wait . " While Duncan is in isolation at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital , his partner and three others have been stuck in a Dallas apartment since his diagnosis this week . Louise told CNN that authorities had her sign paperwork stating "  if we step outside , they are going to take us ... to court  because  we 'll have committed a crime . " So there she has stayed , along with her 13-year-old son and two nephews in their 20s . But it has n't been easy . Louise told CNN 's Cooper by phone that she is checking her temperature every hour , and based on that and everything else , is n't sick . She expressed frustration being confined nonetheless , since people are only contagious with Ebola if they are symptomatic . Duncan 's girlfriend has been frustrated in other ways as well . She said no one brought food Thursday to four people who ca n't leave to get it themselves , at least until later in the day . There was also the matter of their power going out , which was likely related to strong storms that rolled through the area . Then , of course , there 's the idea of living in a place that -- just a few days ago -- was home to an Ebola sufferer . Her 35-year-old daughter brought over Clorox to help clean the house , and she sealed up Duncan 's dirty clothes and towels in a bag . "  But  authorities  said we should n't throw anything away until they can get back with me , " Louise said . That had n't happened as of Thursday evening . Men in trucks from Cleaning Guys , a company that specializes in hazmat and biohazard cleaning services , was turned away for lack of the necessary permit to transport hazardous waste on Texas highways , it said . Once everything is cleaned up , even if plenty of food arrives , Louise 's ordeal is far from over . First off , there 's the fact Duncan -- who flew from Liberia to visit her and family members -- is still in the hospital , fighting a disease that 's already killed thousands in West Africa . And Louise , her son and her nephews must wait 21 days from when Duncan first showed symptoms before they can leave the apartment . That 's because Ebola can be in a person for that long before it manifests itself , and someone starts to feel sick . Reflecting on it all , Louise said Thursday , "  I 'm just hanging in there , depending on God to save our lives . " County official : Quarantined four should be relocated If it were up to the Dallas County director of homeland security , the four people quarantined should n't be stuck in the apartment at all . Judge Clay Jenkins , also director of the county 's Homeland Security and Emergency Management , said officials are working on that relocation after Duncan 's partner told CNN of being forced to live with distressing living conditions . Jenkins acknowledged "  some hygiene issues " in the apartment . "  I would like to see those people moved to better living conditions , " Jenkins told CNN 's Jake Tapper on Thursday afternoon . "  We are working on that . I would like to move them five minutes ago . " Jenkins acknowledged problems with Louise 's apartment but defended the overall government response . "  We have some hygiene issues that we are addressing in that apartment , " Jenkins said earlier in the day . "  Those people in the apartment are part of Dallas County , and they 're going to be treated with utmost respect and dignity in this unusual situation . "  We are working to get the response , which has been a good response , strengthened every hour of the day , " the judge said . Partner : Hospital staff told Duncan from Liberia Louise , a caregiver , sometimes refers to Duncan as her husband -- even though they 're not legally married -- CNN 's Cooper said . When Duncan arrived in the United States on September 20 , "  he did n't tell me that he came in contact with anybody with Ebola , " Louise said . Nor was he showing any signs of the virus . But things changed three days later , when Duncan got a headache and a fever , according to his partner . On September 25 , she took him to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital where , Louise said , hospital staff were told twice that Duncan had come from Liberia . But "  they did not ask " him anything about Ebola , including whether he 'd had contact with anyone with the disease in Africa , according to Louise . Duncan was taken by ambulance to the hospital on Sunday , September 28 , after Louise 's 35-year-old daughter saw him "  shaking really hard " and with a fever when she came by to give him tea . Louise said she went to the hospital herself soon thereafter , seeing Duncan "  through the glass . " It was then that health officials first told her that medical officials first told her that her partner may have Ebola . "  I was so  scared  , " Louise said . Your Ebola questions answered Did authorities drop the ball ? So , too , is Peterson Wayne . But Wayne does n't want his 13-year-old son , who is the youngest person quarantined in the apartment of his mother , Louise -- to know that what he 's feeling . So every time they talk on the phone , Wayne said he want "  just to encourage him , " not to frighten him . "  I believe he knows everything , " said Wayne , who is no longer with the boy 's mother but is still pulling for her . "  There 's  no need for me to just go and talk about Ebola . " Wilfred Smallwood , Duncan 's half-brother , said his 21-year-old son is also among those quarantined in Louise 's apartment , where he lived . He said that Duncan had come to Texas to "  help his son " and visit his family . Asked about health authorities have handled the quarantine , including the sweat-stained sheets and lack of food , Smallwood conceded that he 's "  skeptical . " "  That worries me now , yes . " He 's not alone . Dr. Irwin Redlener , a professor at Columbia University 's school of public health , called the handling of the quarantine "  hair raising . " "  If , in fact , there was a health worker there every day , what exactly were they doing other than just taking her temperature and leaving ? " Redlener said . "  It should have been a whole lot more that  Louse  should be expecting . " Ebola only spreads through infected bodily fluids . And it 's distinctly possible that no one around Duncan got exposed to his .  Louise said she did n't think she had . Still , CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta said the continuing presence of the sheets , on which Duncan may have transmitted the virus through sweating , are disturbing . "  We 've talked about the fact that this virus can live outside the body , can live on surfaces . It 's unlikely for it to be transmitted to someone else that way , " Gupta said . "  But why take a chance ? " Gupta said that "  it is hard to believe  the oversight  and there are n't good explanations here . " One Ebola expert , Dr. Alexander van Tulleken , also said the federal response to the first Ebola case on U.S. soil seemed troubling . "  So far , we do n't seem to reacting as well as we could , " he said . Complete coverage on Ebola	Father says he does n't want quarantined boy to know that he 's scared Expert : It 's "  hair raising " quarantined people were n't told more Partner of man with Ebola says "  we ca n't wait " for quarantine to end Judge wants to see quarantined family "  moved to better living conditions "
CNN  -- A Buffalo , New York , man is due in court Thursday to face charges that he raped a 13-year-old runaway police say he held prisoner in his home for six months . Michael J. Abdallah , 26 , has pleaded not guilty to second-degree rape , unlawful imprisonment and custodial interference . Thursday 's hearing will determine if the case should be referred to a grand jury . Buffalo police said that Abdallah kept the girl in his home from July through December 2009 , behind dead-bolt locks and doors with no doorknobs . A criminal complaint alleges that Abdallah had sex with her more than 100 times . Police spokesman Michael DeGeorge said Abdallah also forced the girl to baby-sit his year-old son . Abdallah is unmarried , and the identity of the child 's mother is not known . Police would not say how the girl left Adbdallah 's home , why there was a delay from December to February for his arrest or where the teenager is now . Abdallah was arrested Friday when police raided his home on a child-abuse allegation , Buffalo media reported . The next day , Buffalo City Court Judge James A.W. McLeod set bond at $ 250,000 in an arraignment at which Abdallah represented himself . He has since been provided with a court-appointed attorney , according to media reports . But friends of the defendant told the Buffalo News that he was nothing more than a Good Samaritan trying to help a runaway girl he met in a Buffalo park . "  Everybody has had their moments , but Mike is not a monster . As long as I 've known Mike , he 's always been kindhearted to me . If he could help you , he will help you , " Alicia Bellaus , 20 , who grew up next door to Abdallah 's relatives , told the paper . "  Mike always had her calling to someone , supposedly her aunt , to say she was doing OK . From what I knew , her aunt or her mom knew where she was staying , " said Bellaus , who previously had a romantic relationship with Abdallah . "  To look at her , she is very developed physically , and you would think that she is older than 13 . " Bellaus said the girl told her she was 17 or 18 and denied having sex with Abdallah , and that she also said she did not want to go home to her mother , the News said . Police told the News that the family filed several missing person reports after the girl disappeared in July . And an unnamed law enforcement official told the paper that Abdallah was a manipulative drug dealer who "  lured her in " and kept her trapped physically and psychologically . CNN , however , could not confirm that official 's view . George Kimble , who lives four doors from Abdallah , said he was surprised when he learned about the accusations . "  This is a street where everyone knows everyone , " said Kimble , who remembered Abdallah moving in about a year-and-a-half ago . "  I never recall him with a 13-year-old girl . " Kimble said Abdallah was seldom home , and their brief conversations were limited to Abdallah 's two dogs . Other neighbors told Kimble the house had a steady stream of visitors on any given day .	Buffalo , New York , man has pleaded not guilty to second-degree rape Michael J. Abdallah , 26 , was arrested Friday Other charges : Unlawful imprisonment and custodial interference Bond set at $ 250,000 ; Abdallah represented himself at arraignment
CNN  -- America has endured the exhaustion of a decade of war and the insult of a battered economy . Now many Americans reject all foreign entanglements as expensive , fruitless and , ultimately , futile . In a recent Pew Research poll , 80 % of those answering agreed with the statement , "  We should not think so much in international terms but concentrate more on our own national problems and building up our strength and prosperity here at home . " For the first time since Pew began asking the question in 1964 , more than half said they believed "  the U.S. should mind its own business internationally and let other countries get along the best they can on their own . " In the past that figure has topped out around 40 % . Yet even as Americans work to draw the blinds along the nation 's borders , the country celebrates the life of former South African President Nelson Mandela , a leader who looked relentlessly outward . "  Our human compassion binds us the one to the other , " Mandela is quoted as saying , "  not in pity or patronizingly , but as human beings who have learned how to turn our common suffering into hope for the future . " And right now that common suffering is found in abundance in Syria . In 2Â 1/2 years the conflict has gone from local uprising to sprawling and brutal civil war . The U.S. announced Wednesday it was suspending even nonlethal aid to fighters in northern Syria opposed to the Assad regime as moderates among them lose ground to forces aligned with al-Qaeda . An estimated 125,000 Syrians have died in the conflict -- the equivalent of killing the population of Cambridge , Massachusetts , or Burbank , California . The war has made refugees of 2 million Syrians . More than a million of these refugees are children , and three-quarters of them are under the age of 12 . Polio has returned to attack Syrians , most of whom have n't even reached their second birthday . Cities are said to face starvation , with families said to be turning to eating dogs and anything else that might keep them alive . Winter is nearing and humanitarian agencies are hurrying to ready supplies for the millions of refugees , many of whom fled with only the barest of belongings . As of September , 100,000 Syrian children in Jordan were not in school and the United Nations predicts double that number in Lebanon before year 's ends . Water and working toilets are scarce . News : Syrian refugees face miserable winter in Lebanon The human suffering , in short , is great . But today we are fast-forwarding through these sad stories , keeping our eyes shut and our wallets closed . The charity Mercy Corps raised more funds for the victims of the typhoon in the Philippines in three days than it has in almost three years for the war in Syria . But few have taken to the streets or to Capitol Hill to say that the United States should do more . In fact , the feeling seems to be that the U.S. is doing quite enough . Already the country is the largest humanitarian donor to Syria . President Barack Obama ran into resistance at even the prospect of armed intervention when he tried to push for "  limited " military action earlier this year -- an effort that ended with a deal to collect Syria 's chemical weapons . But he made no progress in creating a humanitarian corridor or imposing a ceasefire to help ease the suffering of those trapped amid falling rockets and flying bullets . Juxtapose this against this past week , when the world has lauded a leader who showed through his actions and his words that human compassion and a shared humanity sat at the very center of the human experience . Mandela pushed us to care about others , to see ourselves in others , especially when circumstances conspired to rob them of their homes , their livelihoods and their dignity . Indeed , as Obama said at Tuesday 's memorial service , "  Mandela understood the ties that bind the human spirit . There is a word in South Africa -- Ubuntu -- a word that captures Mandela 's greatest gift : his recognition that we are all bound together in ways that are invisible to the eye ; that there is a oneness to humanity ; that we achieve ourselves by sharing ourselves with others , and caring for those around us . " Certainly helping is complicated , but standing by as more children die and humanitarian catastrophe sweeps the country is a comfortless option . America is tired , but avoiding the world is not a strategy , it is a preference . It will not leave America safer or stronger . Diplomatic energy dedicated to opening a humanitarian corridor is critical . Former Ambassador Thomas Pickering is among many diplomats who have advanced the idea that America can do more . If the United States can devote days of urgent and focused diplomacy to getting Syria 's chemical weapons in safer hands , surely we can try harder -- in concert with key players and powers -- to do the same for Syria 's children . And Americans , for their part , can give to organizations that help parents get blankets and water . And helping teenagers to deal with the traumas they have witnessed can ease some of their suffering . The world celebrates the life of a stoic hero who dared to stand up to injustice -- a man who would not live quietly beneath the easy shade of comfort , but who acted when he saw others suffer as oppression flourished . But we must heed his words as well -- a call to engage with the world , to ensure that those most vulnerable are not invisible , ignored . "  What counts in life is not the mere fact that we have lived , " Mandela said . "  It is what difference we have made to the lives of others that will determine the significance of the life we lead . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gayle Tzemach Lemmon .	Gayle Lemmon : Poll shows Americans are weary of foreign entanglements She says we celebrate Mandela , who spoke of shared humanity Many Syrian children , affected by war , are facing a brutal winter Lemmon : Mandela urged making difference in lives of others
CNN  -- Most Egyptians favor an advisory role for religious leaders in their country 's new government , believe economic conditions are worsening and generally mistrust the United States , according to a Gallup survey released Monday . The survey , the first since the Egyptian revolution toppled Hosni Mubarak , found most Egyptians were positive about their future and their country 's political and economic prospects . "  Egypt is at a vital crossroads , " said Mohamed Younis , a senior analyst at the Abu Dhabi Gallup Center . "  This important data has now been shared with Egypt 's citizens , and Egyptian and American leaders to assist in understanding the next steps in this country 's history . The results , first presented Sunday during a public forum in Cairo , are based on a nationally representative , face-to-face survey of about 1,000 Egyptians who are 15 years of age or older , according to Gallup . This year 's survey , titled "  Egypt from Tahrir to Transition : Egyptians on their assets and challenges and what leaders should do about it , " examines current and future Egyptian perceptions of life in the country following 18 sometimes bloody days and nights of protests that led to Mubarak 's resignation . After , Egypt 's military -- which had largely stayed on the sidelines of the revolution -- officially took control of the nation 's political apparatus , until an agreed-upon constitution and elections . The findings , according to Gallup , show "  Egyptian leaders must deliver on their people 's expectations for free and honest elections , building on the success of the constitutional referendum . " "  Civil society activists and policymakers alike would do well to approach security and community cohesion as a local issue requiring reform of local institutions , " the survey said . It 's the fifth consecutive year Gallup has surveyed Egyptians , though the result this year clearly reflected a change in Egyptian opinions on social , religious and political reforms in Egypt . Among other findings , according to Gallup : -- 92 % of Egyptians say they would include freedom of speech as a provision if they were drafting a new constitution for the country -- 67 % say they would draft a provision for freedom of religion were they drafting a new constitution -- 55 % say they would include freedom of assembly in a new constitution -- 92 % say they have confidence in their religious institutions , while 96 % say religion remains important in Egypt -- 69 % favor an advisory role for religious leaders , while 14 % want religious leaders to have full authority -- 9 % wanted religious leaders to have no role in the new government . The survey also found that the role of social media in igniting the revolution has been largely overstated . It found only 8 % of those surveyed relied on Twitter or Facebook for news on the nationwide protests that began January 25 in Tahrir Square . The survey says the majority got their news from Al Jazeera and Egyptian state-run media . When it comes to Egyptian-U.S. relations , the survey found that 68 % of those polled believe the United States will try to exert influence over Egypt 's future . But it also found that 88 % of Egyptians face a U.S. model for their country , though 75 % oppose the U.S. providing aid to political groups in the country . Many of those polled pointed to the U.S. support for Israel as a major stumbling block in trusting the United States . More than 60 % , two-thirds of those polled , said their opinion of the United States would significantly improve , if the U.S. pressured Israel to halt settlement expansion , withdrew its troops from Iraq and pulled its forces from Afghanistan . CNN 's Jenifer Fenton contributed to this report .	The survey finds two-thirds of Egyptians are suspicious of the United States The role of social media in the revolution is largely overstated , the survey says Only 8 % say they got their news about the revolution from Twitter or Facebook , it says More than 60 % say their opinion of U.S. will change if it changes its policy on Israel
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- During the first seven years of their relationship , Judy Kelly does n't remember her boyfriend , Bill Horrisberger , ever going to a doctor . Bill Horrisberger , right , put off going to the doctor for more than a month , despite chest pains and shortness of breath . "  On a scale of one to 10 , Bill was a zero , " Kelly remarked when asked about her partner 's willingness to get an annual checkup . It turns out Horrisberger , 62 , a retired English teacher from Atlanta , Georgia , is n't the only man who is reluctant to put on a hospital gown . The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality estimates that American men are 25 percent less likely than women to visit a doctor . "  A lot of times , it 's very difficult for them to be convinced that they need to see a physician for a problem , " said Dr. Allen Dollar , a cardiologist with Emory School of Medicine in Atlanta . "  To a large extent , there is a lot of denial going on , and in some cases , that denial can be deadly . " Watch the battle to get men to the doctor " Denial is an understatement for Horrisberger , one of Dollar 's patients . Horrisberger was short of breath and experiencing chest pains in early December . Despite Kelly 's repeated requests , he put off a doctor 's visit for more than a month . "  There might have been some fear . My father had heart disease , " admitted Horrisberger , who ended up having an operation to replace a faulty aortic valve and triple bypass surgery . "  There are a lot of things in Bill 's story that could have been done preventionwise , " Dollar said . The heart problems "  did n't show up overnight . " Horrisberger admitted he 's learned his lesson about getting regular checkups . "  You do n't know everything about yourself , so it would be a good idea to have someone else look at you , " he said . That closer look by a doctor should n't be just every now and then when a patient feels bad . Dr. David Dodson , an expert on men 's health at the Marino Center in Wellesley , Massachusetts , recommends that healthy men under 50 get a regular checkup every 18 months . After 50 , he suggests , men should see their doctors annually . "  Men should take their health seriously , " said Dodson , who is also the chairman of the Men 's Health Committee for the Massachusetts Medical Society . "  It 's not just for their own sake . It 's because men are part of families , and families depend on them . " Health problems do n't just affect older men , he said . Certain cancers , such as those of the testes and skin , are more common in young men . Younger men are also at higher risk than older men for sexually transmitted diseases , Dodson noted . And some men should talk to their doctor about being tested for gonorrhea , syphilis , chlamydia and HIV , the health care research agency suggests . As men age , Dodson said , they are more likely to develop high cholesterol and high blood pressure . Those conditions can increase the risk of heart disease , stroke and diabetes . "  The older you get , the more important those exams are , " Dodson said . Around age 50 , he wants men to be screened for colon and prostate cancer , in addition to regular blood pressure , cholesterol and blood sugar tests . "  There are so many things that go on in the human body that have no warning signs whatsoever until disaster strikes , " he said . At least half his male patients end up making an appointment only after they 've been prodded by a wife or other loved one , the doctor added . Looking back , Horrisberger wished he had listened to his girlfriend earlier and not waited to see the doctor . "  Once he got started and realized what was at stake , he was a good patient , " Kelly said with a smile .	American men are 25 percent less likely than women to visit a doctor , agency says Men should see their doctors annually after age 50 , says Dr. David Dodson Healthy men under 50 should get a checkup every 18 months , he says Around age 50 , men should be screened for colon and prostate cancer , he says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- With Manchester United continuing their top form from last season and aiming for what would be a remarkable clean sweep of trophies this year , it 's only appropriate that we should profile a blog somehow linked to the Red Devils . Fan focus : The Republik of Mancunia blog is popular with Manchester United supporters . The Republik of Mancunia blog focuses on the Old Trafford club and is updated daily with a keen following among thousands of Manchester United fans . Authored by Manchester-born and raised 25-year-old Scott  who prefers to remain anonymous  , the blog began in the 2005-2006 season . Scott , also known as "  Scott the Red , " told CNN that before starting the blog he had been published on several football sites , and then "  fell into " creating the Republik of Mancunia web site . "  I love talking about United and I 'm an argumentative guy , so getting to write my opinions down about the latest goings on is something I really enjoy doing . "  In 2005-2006  I was also getting on soapbox about the fact we were not in decline , which the current media at the time seemed to think we were , " he said . Scott said running a blog was a very difficult and time-consuming task , though he enjoyed the interaction with other fans . "  I imagine if I was n't in love with the club , I 'd have given up on it long before now . It takes up a lot of time and you get people who support other teams having a go at you on a daily basis , sometimes United fans and all ! " Scott said the readership of his blog , and also contributions to his Manchester United forum came from areas as widely spread as Europe , Africa and even as far as Asia and South America -- with a strong base at home in the United Kingdom . "  I find it odd thinking of some lads thousands of miles away and hours apart sat at a computer and reading my latest rant . I like it though ! "	CNN 's Football Fanzone profiles a football blog every month In March the profiled site is the Republik of Mancunia blog The Republik of Mancunia is a dedicated blog for Manchester United fans
CNN  -- The Obama administration 's breach of religious freedom and freedom of conscience through the Health and Human Services agency 's contraception mandate has reignited the national conversation about the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , or "  Obamacare . " Obamacare encapsulates many of the major conservative objections to President Barack Obama 's presidency : the vast and costly expansion of government , increased taxes and regulations and the infringement of personal and religious liberties as is now being litigated in the federal and Supreme Courts . The latest contraception mandate is only a precursor of what could come once Obamacare is fully implemented . The law itself grants the Health and Human Services Secretary -- an unelected bureaucrat -- far reaching powers . One breakdown of the law found more than 700 mentions to instruct that the secretary "  shall " take action and more than 200 cases in which the secretary "  may " issue regulations . We wo n't know the full extent of the secretary 's power until Obamacare is enforced , but if the contraception mandate is any indication , the secretary could have the power to regulate what health care Americans receive , what doctors they see and what insurance coverage they are eligible for . Therefore , the Republican message in 2012 should n't focus singularly on the economy . Politically , that would be unwise . Even just the rumblings and perception of an economic recovery could be enough to carry President Obama to re-election . Instead , Republicans should get back to the message of 2010 , the year of the tea party and the retaking of the House of Representatives . For Republicans , the stakes are economic liberty and the integrity of the Constitution . Thus , the message of the tea party is more relevant now than ever . There are many Americans who see past the Obama administration 's rhetoric . They understand that a right created by the government , free access to birth control , does not trump the First Amendment and the freedom of religion or conscience . A new CNN poll , indeed , shows that half of all Americans disapprove of this new policy , while 44 % approve . I believe the more this policy is explained , the more the former number will increase and the latter contract . The contraception mandate is reason alone that Obamacare should be repealed , but the list does n't stop there . In 2013 , Obamacare will unleash an avalanche of taxes on individuals , businesses and insurers .  The list is quite long .  Individuals and families who do not purchase the qualifying government health insurance will be forced to pay an income surtax , and employers who do not offer insurance will be penalized through additional taxes . Highest earners will be hit with new surtaxes on investments and an increase in the Medicare payroll tax . The medical business will bear the brunt of a new 2.3 % excise tax on medical device manufacturers and importers . Already , Obamacare has stifled job creation and economic recovery . In a recent Gallup survey , nearly half of all small business owners who are n't hiring cite health care costs and government regulations as the reasons why . Stryker , the maker of artificial hips and knees , already announced it would lay off 5 % of its global workforce because of the medical device tax . Furthermore , Obamacare will dramatically increase the cost of government health care and welfare programs while growing the national debt . According to the Congressional Budget Office 's estimates and budget outlook for the next decade , by 2022 , spending on federal health care programs across the board will more than double . In particular , federal outlays for Medicaid will double , and spending per beneficiary in Medicare Part D will also double . The shellacking that Democrats took in the 2010 elections was largely a referendum on Obamacare . Today still , the president 's landmark legislation remains a winning issue for conservatives . The latest Rasmussen poll shows that 53 % of Americans at least somewhat favor repeal of the health care law and 38 % oppose it . Regardless of what the Supreme Court rules in the spring , Obamacare is indelibly symbolic of President Obama 's record . Conservatives are economically , morally and philosophically opposed to Obamacare . Yet until now , there has been low turnout in some of the recent GOP presidential primaries and caucuses . To reverse that , Obamacare , representing all that it means , should be the rallying cry that will reinvigorate and enlarge the base of opposition to the president -- again . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : ` Obamacare ' encapsulates conservative objections to president He says Republicans should look back to the elections of 2010 and the tea party 's message Bennett : Democrats ' 2010 shellacking was largely a referendum on ` Obamacare ' He says ` Obamacare ' should be rallying cry to reinvigorate opposition to the president
CAIRO , Egypt  CNN  -- An Egyptian real estate mogul and a former police officer pleaded not guilty Saturday to the murder of a rising Lebanese pop singer who was found slain in her United Arab Emirates apartment . Lebanese singer Suzanne Tamim was found slain in her apartment in Dubai in July . Prosecutors allege that Hisham Talaat Moustafa , a Parliament member for the ruling National Democratic Party , paid Muhsen el Sukkari $ 2 million to kill Suzanne Tamim . Both have denied the charges . Tamim , 30 , was found in her Dubai apartment in July with her throat slit . Moustafa 's lawyer told CNN his client loved the singer , but could not take Tamim as a second wife because his family objected . Polygamy is legal in Egypt , and it not unusual for men -- such as Moustafa , a married father of three -- to take on additional wives . The prosecutors say the murder was a "  means of taking revenge " but have not elaborated . Watch report on murder trial " "  It did not happen and I have presented all the evidence that I am not guilty , " Moustafa said in the courtroom Saturday , according to Reuters . "  It did not happen , " Sukkari said , according to Reuters . "  By Almighty God , my blood is innocent of her . " Although Tamim was killed in the United Arab Emirates , the Egyptian judiciary is trying the case in Cairo because Egyptian law does not allow its citizens to be extradited for trials in other countries . The defendants appeared Saturday in cages -- as is typical in Egypt -- before three judges in a crowded downtown courtroom . Heavy security surrounded the building , amid a crush of reporters and onlookers . The case , with its high-profile victim and defendant , has captivated Egypt and the region . After his arrest in September , Egyptian authorities indicted Moustafa , stripped him of his parliamentary immunity and jailed him pending trial . He also resigned as chairman of Talaat Moustafa Group -- a conglomerate with construction and real estate arms that was founded by his father , Talaat Moustafa . Moustafa 's brother , Tarek Talaat Moustafa , now chairs the company . The case will resume on November 15 . The defendants will remain jailed until then .	Lebanese pop singer Suzanne Tamim found with throat slit in Dubai apartment Hisham Moustafa , Egyptian tycoon and lawmaker , tells court he did not order murder Egyptian chief prosecutor alleges former police officer paid to carry out killing Case creates strong interest in the Middle East
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli authorities said Tuesday they detained 240 illegal migrants as part of a controversial plan to deport some of the thousands of Africans who have flooded the country illegally in recent years . Another 300 illegal migrants volunteered Tuesday to return to their country of origin , Israel 's immigration ministry said . All the migrants detained Tuesday are Sudanese . "  We are sending the infiltrators , migrants , back to their homes like all countries in the West , in Europe , in the USA act when dealing with migrants , " Interior Minister Eli Yishai said on Tuesday . "  Israel is acting according to international law and international charters dealing with infiltrators and migrants that come into the country against the law , " he said . "  We are acting according to the same law as the United States and Europe . " The issue of illegal African migrants has been of growing concern in the country in recent months . According to government records , more than 59,000 illegal African immigrants have entered the country in recent years through its southern border with Egypt . More than 2,000 new migrants have been reported over the past month . Some residents of southern Tel Aviv neighborhoods , where there is a large concentration of Africans , have blamed their new neighbors for increasing crime and suffocating the infrastructure and public services . Some also complain the illegal immigration is changing the fabric of Israel . Several hundred Sudanese immigrants rallied Sunday in Tel Aviv , demanding refugee status . Last week , an Israeli court approved a government plan to deport 1,500 African migrants . Many Israeli refugee agencies and officials are pushing against those plans and calling on the government to allow the immigrants to stay . Yishai said Israel is treating the detained migrants "  with honor " but must return them to their country of origin . "  We are dealing with a porous southern border opposite Africa , " he said . "  We have to close it , and we are closing it , and everyone who comes looking for work must be returned to their country and we are doing it in an honorable way . There is a grant to help the person in the first period that he returns to his country and his home . " Most of the immigrants come from Eritrea , Sudan and South Sudan . Some of them have refugee status and hold temporary permits to remain in the country , but Israel does not recognize the status of most of them and says it is looking for ways to send them back to their home countries . CNN 's Elise Labott and Michael Schwartz contributed to this report .	240 illegal migrants are detained and 300 others volunteer to leave The issue of illegal African migrants is of growing concern in Israel The interior minister says the deportations are lawful
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  Islamic militants with the extremist group Al-Shabaab mounted a bloody attack Thursday on government administration offices in Baidoa , Somalia . Initial reports to police indicate that nine people , including four attackers , were killed after gunmen in military uniforms attacked the house of the former Somali parliament speaker and current president of the newly established southwest regional administration , said Col. Mahad Abdi , a Somali police officer . The attack began when a car bomb detonated at the gate of the state palace in Baidoa city , some 250 kilometers  155 miles  northwest of the capital , Mogadishu . Heavy gunfire broke out between Somali troops backed by Ethiopian forces inside the house of the regional president , Sharif Hassan Sheikh Aden . Explosions and gunfire were still going on over an hour after the initial assault , Abdi said . Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack . A broadcast by the group 's official radio station , Andulus , said that Al-Shabaab gunmen had entered the regional president 's house and killed seven Ethiopian soldiers . The African Union 's special representative for Somalia , Ambassador Maman S. Sidikou , condemned the attack , saying it had targeted troops who have worked to restore peace to Baidoa . "  I am deeply saddened by news of the attack in Baidoa this morning , " he said in a statement released by AMISOM , the African Union mission to Somalia . Sidikou said he had also received reports of an attempted attack at a Mogadishu hotel Wednesday night . "  These are desperate attempts by Al-Shabaab to seek relevance , following the massive defeats they continue to suffer from the Somali National Army working together with AMISOM troops , " he said . Al-Shabaab started with a goal of waging a war against the Somali government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or Sharia . It has since shifted focus to terrorist attacks in Somalia and beyond , even calling , in a video released last month , for attacks on shopping malls in Canada , the United Kingdom and the United States . U.S. authorities downplayed the threat . How big a threat is Al-Shabaab to the United States ? CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	The African Union 's Somalia representative condemns the attack , says it targeted troops Al-Shabaab says its militants attacked the state palace in the city of Baidoa Police say initial reports indicate nine people are dead , including four attackers
CNN  -- "  Abusive " Taliban officials , like the one who ordered the stoning of a young man and woman in northern Afghanistan , should n't have positions of authority after a peace deal , a Human Rights Watch official said Thursday . In considering negotiations between the Taliban and coalition and Afghan government officials to end the conflict there , authorities have been amenable to the idea of reconciliation with low-level Taliban , but not all of them -- especially those who 've committed violent acts . The question remains of how much sacrifice should be made for the sake of peace . "  The Afghan government has said there will be negotiations with the Taliban . The U.S. government supports that ultimately because we all know that that 's the only way to end the war , " Tom Malinowski , the Washington advocacy director for Human Rights Watch , said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  When all is said and done , the question is , think about the stoning case up in Kunduz . Can we live with the deal in which the man who ordered the stoning becomes the mayor of that town ? "  The question is not whether there will be negotiations , but what the terms of the final deal will be . Will we be able to live with allowing these most abusive Taliban commanders to get positions of authority in the country , and I think that 's what needs to be ruled out -- not just because it 's wrong but because I think a deal like that wo n't last , it wo n't be sustainable . We wo n't get peace from a deal like that . " The Taliban stoned to death a man and a woman in northern Afghanistan for allegedly having an affair , officials said Monday , an execution President Hamid Karzai called "  unforgivable . " The stoning took place Sunday in Dasht-e-Archi district , in the Taliban-dominated village of Mullah Qali in Kunduz province . The pair was accused of having an illicit sexual relationship , a spokesman for the Kunduz governor said . The woman was about 20 years old and the man was about 27 , said Mohammed Ayoub , district governor of Amam Sahib , which is also in Kunduz province . The woman was engaged , and the man was married to another woman . The two had been held by the Taliban for about a week , Ayoub said . Malinowski there 's been "  a lot more brazen behavior by the Taliban in the parts of the country that they pretty much control , such as executions of people regarded , for example , as collaborators or against women who try to go to school . "  This is the first time they 've actually publicly executed somebody in front of a crowd of people , " Malinowski said . "  It tells me there are a lot of parts of Afghanistan where the government is just absent . There 's no government there . There 's no U.S. military there . There 's no formal justice system there , and so the Taliban can fill the vacuum -- and when they do , this is what they do . "	Reconciliation should n't include abusive Taliban , HRW official says Two were stoned to death in Taliban town The stoning case raises questions about which Taliban can be dealt with
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- A Malaysia Airlines flight to South Korea made an emergency landing in Hong Kong early Monday after its main electrical generator stopped working , the airline said . The plane , an Airbus A330-300 , landed in Hong Kong safely around 3 a.m. , Malaysia Airlines said , and the 271 passengers on board have been transferred onto flights with other airlines . The reason for the diversion of Malaysia Airlines Flight 066 was "  an inoperative aircraft generator , which supplies normal electrical power , " the company said . Electrical power continued to be supplied by the plane 's auxiliary power unit , it said . Malaysia Airlines is in the international spotlight following the disappearance more than two weeks ago of one of its passenger jets with 239 people on board . That plane , Flight 370 , was on its way from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing when it vanished over Southeast Asia . The flight that was diverted Monday set off from Kuala Lumpur at 11:37 p.m. Sunday and was scheduled to arrive at 6:50 a.m. the next day at Incheon International Airport , the main airport serving the South Korean capital , Seoul . Hong Kong airport said it received a call at 2:30 a.m. alerting it of the flight 's urgent change of course and placed local teams on standby . The plane made its emergency landing without any problems about half an hour later . The scheduled return flight from Incheon to Kuala Lumpur has been canceled , Malaysia Airlines said , and passengers have been placed on other flights . CNN 's Sarita Harilela reported from Kuala Lumpur , and Jethro Mullen wrote this report from Hong Kong . CNN 's Licia Yee contributed to this report .	The plane 's electrical generator stopped working , the airline says It was diverted to Hong Kong , where it landed safely The flight was meant to go to Incheon airport in South Korea Malaysia Airlines is in the spotlight over its missing Flight 370
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Reeva Steenkamp told Oscar Pistorius she was afraid of him and his temper less than three weeks before he shot and killed her , the judge in his murder trial was told Monday . "  I 'm scared of you sometimes , of how you snap at me , " the South African model told Pistorius in a long chat message . "  You have picked on me incessantly , " she wrote , calling Pistorius "  nasty " after he apparently accused her of flirting with someone at a party . "  I was not flirting with anyone today and I feel sick that you suggested that , " she told him via WhatsApp , according to the police officer who downloaded their chats after Pistorius shot and killed her . "  You do everything to throw tantrums , " she said , concluding the message : "  I 'm certainly very unhappy and sad . " Police Capt. Francois Moller , who downloaded the messages from Steenkamp 's iPhone , said that 90 % of the chats between the two were normal and loving . But there were several that accused Pistorius of jealousy and possessiveness . Less than a week before he killed her , she wrote him another long message after he apparently lost his temper with her as they left a public event together . She reached the exit before he did , she wrote , adding : "  I did n't think you would criticize me for doing that , especially so loudly that others could hear ... . I regard myself as a lady and I did n't feel like one after we left . " Pistorius admits that he killed Steenkamp , firing four shots through a closed door in his house in the early hours of February 14 , 2013 . Three hit her , with the last one probably killing her almost instantly , according to the pathologist who performed the autopsy . But Pistorius says he thought she was a nighttime intruder in his pitch-black house and believed he was firing in self-defense . He pleaded not guilty to murder . Read the messages ` Terrified screaming ' Moller 's testimony came after a neighbor of Pistorius said on the witness stand that she heard "  terrified , terrified screaming " the morning the Olympian killed his girlfriend . Questioned by prosecutor Gerrie Nel , Anette Stipp said she awoke early the morning of February 14 , 2013 , and heard "  terrified , terrified screaming ... It sounds to me as if there 's a family murder , why else would she scream like that . " Stipp described hearing a series of three shots , a woman screaming , also a man screaming , and then three more shots before the screaming stopped . Her husband , Dr. Johan Stipp , testified earlier in the trial . The trial was originally scheduled to last until March 20 but will now continue until the middle of May , the South African court hearing the case said Sunday . Trial extended to mid-May The trial , which entered its fourth week on Monday , will continue until April 4 , then break for a one-week recess before resuming from April 14 until May 16 , the Pretoria court announced in a written statement . It said "  all parties involved " had agreed to the dates . The trial began March 3 . There has been intense media interest in the case in South Africa and beyond . Pistorius first achieved global fame as an outstanding double amputee sprinter who ran with special prostheses that earned him the nickname "  Blade Runner . " Judge Thokozile Masipa will decide the verdict with the help of two lay people called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . In South Africa , premeditated murder carries a mandatory life sentence with a minimum of 25 years . Pistorius also could get five years for each of two unrelated gun indictments and 15 years for a firearms charge he also faces . If he is n't convicted of premeditated murder , the sprinter could face a lesser charge of culpable homicide , a crime based on negligence . The sentence for culpable homicide is at the judge 's discretion . Almost the entire trial has been televised , though individual witnesses can choose not to be shown on television . CNN 's Ed Payne and CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps contributed to this report .	NEW : Chat messages show Reeva was afraid of Pistorius sometimes Prosecutor Gerrie Nel is known for surprises , including hints his case may be nearly over Pistorius is accused of intentionally killing girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in 2013 Pistorius says he thought she was an intruder and shot in self-defense
CNN  -- Family and friends of 16-year-old Daniel Parmertor , one of three students killed in an Ohio school shooting , said their final goodbyes Saturday as he was laid to rest . "  I just ca n't believe what happened . He was honestly the sweetest person I 've ever met . He 's such a good person and I ca n't believe he 's gone , " said Parmertor 's friend , Gabby Cveljo , CNN affiliate WEWS reported . Funeral services for the slain student were held at the Church of St. Mary in Chardon , Ohio , the network said . Mourners marched silently to the church , carrying the American flag . Others had signs with hearts and stood outside , wrapped in blankets against the cold . Parmertor was killed this week when a lone gunman opened fire on students in Chardon High School 's cafeteria . Two other students were hospitalized and another was grazed by gunfire . The shooting rocked the school and the community of 5,100 people about 30 miles east of Cleveland . Authorities say T.J. Lane , 17 , is charged him with three counts of aggravated murder , two of attempted aggravated murder and one of felonious assault . The latter is related to the student who was grazed by a bullet . Prosecutor David Joyce filed charges against Lane on Thursday in juvenile court . The defendant 's next court appearance will be Tuesday , and a hearing scheduled for March 19 will discuss a motion to transfer his case to an adult court . Lane 's friends have said that the teen had a troubled childhood . His parents had both been charged with domestic violence against each other , according to court documents . His father also served prison time for assaulting a police officer and was charged in an assault on another woman . "  I think there 's a lot of kids that go through things like that . That does n't give them the right to kill other people , " said Bob Parmertor , Daniel Parmertor 's grandfather . "  No one has the right to shoot other people because they 've had a rough life . "	NEW : 16-year-old Daniel Parmertor is remembered as sweet , a good person Funeral services for him were held on Saturday Mourners carried American flags and signs with hearts A gunman opened fire on students this week in Chardon High School 's cafeteria
The congressional spending bill agreed to on Tuesday night blocks Washington , DC lawmakers from using federal or local funds to implement November 's popularly passed referendum to legalize marijuana in the district . The legislation , according to a release from Republican Rep. Hal Rogers , chairman of the House Appropriations Committee , "  prohibits both federal and local funds from being used to implement a referendum legalizing recreational marijuana use in the district . " The language in the bill -- found on page 660 of the 1,603 page document -- is word-for-word what Republican Rep. Andy Harris of Maryland proposed earlier in the year . "  None of the funds contained in this act may be used to enact or carry out any law , rule or regulation to legalize or otherwise reduce penalties associated with the possession , use , or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Controlled Substances Act or any tetrhydrocannabinols derivative for recreational purposes , " reads the bill . DC marijuana activists ' worst fears were realized on Tuesday night with the agreed upon language . Earlier in the day , activists worried that Congress would thwart November 's popular vote to legalize pot in the district . "  This House language sucks , " Adam Eidinger , chair of the DC Cannabis Campaign , said after the language was released . "  Only the Senate can step up and do something or presidential veto . Otherwise our election has just been overturned and we will take it to the streets . " In response to the Congress ' decision , pro-marijuana groups are prepared to protest Wednesday night . Although the proposal needs to pass the House and Senate and get signed into law by the President , it appears unlikely the Democrats will risk shutting down the government to remove the marijuana language . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , who believes that DC should be able to do what it wants , admitted to reporters earlier today that "  if they put it in there , it 's going to be hard to take it out . " And in announcing the deal , Rep. Nita Lowey , D-New York , said that although she "  strongly oppose -LSB- s -RSB- several policy riders included in this final agreement ... I am pleased Democrats were able to eliminate many of the most damaging provisions . " By moving to stop legalization efforts in DC , Congress will have trumped the over 70 percent of district residents who voted to legalize marijuana in November . Congress , under DC 's Home Rule charter , is able to veto every law approved by either DC voters or government . In the past , this power has been used to block everything from abortion spending to needle exchange . During the 2011 budget negotiations , President Barack Obama reportedly used the district 's law of paying for low-income women 's abortions as a bargaining chip with House Speaker John Boehner . "  John , I will give you DC abortion . I am not happy about it , " Obama said , according to The Washington Post . "  This was always a possibility but I think it is very , very disturbing that Democrats have given this away , " said Michael Collins , policy manager for the Drug Policy Alliance , a group that lobbied for the DC law . "  This is really one of the final acts of Democratic leadership before Republicans control both sides and for them to give this away , it just seems to very tone deaf . " The DC Cannabis Campaign , the group who introduced and passed the legalization ballot initiative , also blamed congressional Democrats for blocking the legislation . "  This is a big issue and if you are going to overturn an election , you are going to demoralize young Democrats across the country , " said Eidinger said . DC Mayor-elect Muriel Bowser has not yet commented on the possibility of Congress addressing the district 's marijuana law . But her spokesman , Joaquin McPeek , before the language came out on Tuesday that Bowser "  would hope that Congress would respect the will of the voters and reject any challenge to their rights . " With Congress blocking marijuana funding , expect many DC residents to cry foul about what they calling living under the thump of Congress . "  This is nothing new , " said Mark Plotkin , a longtime figure in DC politics . "  We are a colony . We are America 's colony and anytime they want to screw around with us , they can do such things . " What 's more , while Congress is making decisions for the district , proponents of district autonomy were quick to point out that district residents still have no voting member of the House or Senate .	The congressional spending bill blocks Washington , DC lawmakers from implementing marijuana legalization D.C. marijuana activists ' worst fears were realized on Tuesday night with the agreed upon language Congress , under the district 's Home Rule charter , is able to veto every law approved by either DC voters or government "  This House language sucks , " said Adam Eidinger , chair of the DC Cannabis Campaign
CNN  -- The government is delaying legal action against Pennsylvania landowners who have n't yet agreed to sell their land for a memorial to victims of United Airlines Flight 93 on September 11 , 2001 , federal officials said Friday . This plot of land is scheduled to house the permanent United Airlines Flight 93 memorial . The government has been negotiating with several landowners since 2003 in an effort to purchase their properties near Shanksville where the hijacked jet crashed into a field , killing everyone aboard . If final efforts at negotiations are unsuccessful , officials intend to use eminent domain to acquire the property . That right allows governments to take private property for public use without an owner 's consent , after paying a fair price for the land . The government is seeking to buy 166 acres in western Pennsylvania to complete the area needed to build a memorial on 2,200 acres . "  The  National Park Service  will negotiate with the landowners to reach agreement . If agreement is not reached , eminent domain remains as a backstop to acquire these lands , " said Kendra Barkoff , spokeswoman for the Department of Interior . See plans for the proposed Flight 93 Memorial Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Sen. Arlen Specter , D-Pennsylvania , met with landowners and some 9/11 victims ' relatives Friday in Somerset County , where the plane crashed into a field . "  The goal remains to finish phase one of the memorial by September 10 , 2011 , " Barkoff said . "  We 'll try to negotiate with the families , but eminent domain has always been and will continue to be the last resort . " Landowner Randy Musser told CNN he is encouraged that the government is recognizing that the negotiations are n't working . While the threat of eminent domain stills seem to be on the table , "  it finally seems like the lines of communication are open , " Musser said . Producers Eric Fiegel and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Government may use eminent domain to seize land needed for 9/11 memorial Hijacked United Flight 93 crashed in Shanksville , Pennsylvania Federal officials say they hope to have first phase of memorial complete by 2011
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad lashed out at Israel and warned the United States against pushing for new sanctions on his country a news conference on the sidelines of an Asian security summit here Tuesday . A key item on the agenda at the summit is last week 's Israeli raid on an aid flotilla in the Mediterranean . Ahmadinejad said the confrontation revealed Israel 's "  devilish " nature . "  It showed violence and hatred and war-mongering attitudes , " he said at the news conference . "  The devilish sound of the uncultured Zionists was coming out from their deceit . ... They were holding up the flag of the devil itself . " The raid led to the deaths of nine people , all Turkish citizens -- including one Turkish-American . Turkey is urging Israel to accept an international probe into the incident . Ahmadinejad congratulated Turkey , which has been in a war of words with Israel following the raid , for its response . Israel 's envoy to Turkey later walked out on an Ahmadinejad speech at the conference . Ambassador Gabby Levy walked out in protest when Ahmadinejad started criticizing the "  Zionist regime , " said Amit Zarouk , a spokesman for the Israeli Embassy in Ankara . Both Israel and Iran are members of Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building Measures in Asia  CICA  . Ahmadinejad and Levy did appear together in a group photo of delegates to the conference , along with dozens of other attendees . "  Beleaguered " was how one Western diplomat described Levy 's disposition during Tuesday 's meeting . Host country Turkey , once Israel 's close Middle Eastern ally , has called on member countries to condemn Israel 's raid on the aid convoy . The incident has pushed Turkey to side with Israel 's enemies Iran and Syria , in harshly condemning the Jewish state . Russia , which is also a member of CICA , condemned the attack as well , Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said in remarks carried on Russian state TV . "  Generally speaking , such actions against civilian vessels are unacceptable , " Putin said . "  The fact that they were conducted in neutral waters raises many questions , and the incident must be thoroughly investigated . We are sorry for the victims of the incident , and we hope nothing of this kind will happen again . " Iran 's nuclear program has been another major topic at the summit . The United States expects to bring a new resolution on increased sanctions against Iran over its nuclear program to a vote in the United Nations Security Council this week . A draft resolution saying Iran had failed to meet international requirements and U.N. resolutions was circulating at the world body on Tuesday . CNN obtained a copy from a Western diplomat . The resolution -- which could still be changed before it comes to a vote -- is set to call for tighter restrictions on people , companies and organizations , including the Revolutionary Guard Corps . The targets of the sanctions are still being worked out , the diplomat said . By calling for a resolution instead of sitting down for talks with Iran , the United States is "  gravely mistaken , " Ahmadinejad said . "  Within the framework of respect and justice , we 're ready to negotiate with everyone . Anyone who is going to resort to the language of force and aggression , the response is clear , " he said . Ahmadinejad went on to commend Turkey and Brazil for recently negotiating a deal with Iran on a uranium enrichment swap . "  The initiative marked the beginning of a new path -- the beginning of an end to unilateralism in the world , " he said . The United States , he added , missed an opportunity by not embracing the deal . Putin said sanctions against Iran should not be "  excessive , or put the Iranian leadership , and above all the Iranian people , in a false position that would put obstacles in the way of Iran 's peaceful nuclear energy development . " Asked whether the raid on the flotilla last week will change the way countries vote in the Security Council , Ahmadinejad said the raid will actually change many things . For Israel , he said , "  it has actually rung the final countdown for its existence . It shows that it has no room in the region and no one is ready to live alongside it . Actually , no country in the world recognizes it , and you know that the Zionist regime is the backbone of the dictatorial world order . " In fact , many countries recognize Israel . He added , "  Maybe at the Security Council , it will impact temporarily . The Zionist regime , with what it has done , it actually stopped its possibility to exist in the region anymore . " CNN 's Ivan Watson and Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Draft resolution slapping tighter sanctions on Iran circulates at U.N. Russian PM Putin says Israel raid on aid flotilla is ` unacceptable ' Israeli ambassador walks out on Ahmadinejad speech Iranian president says last week 's flotilla raid showed Israel 's ` devilish ' nature
New York  CNN  -- A small plane with apparent engine trouble made a forced landing Saturday on a busy highway in the Bronx , injuring three people , authorities said . The 1966 Piper PA-28-180 aircraft landed about 3:20 p.m near the East 233rd Street exit on the Major Deegan Expressway , authorities said . It appears the single-engine plane avoided cars on the normally busy highway that connects the Bronx with Westchester County , said police spokeswoman Annette Markowski . The sight of a small plane on its belly near the snowy edge of the highway surprised passing motorists . "  It did n't look like it crashed or hit any cars , " said Patricia Sapol , 29 , who was driving south on the highway with her husband shortly after the landing . "  It did n't look damaged in anyway . It was remarkable , to be quite honest . " She added , "  We 're like , Is this really happening ? There 's a plane on the highway . It was pretty neat . You do n't see that every day . " Police said there were three people on board : the pilot and two passengers . The three were were taken to St. Barnabas Hospital , fire department spokesman Frank Dwyer said . A hospital spokesman , Steve Clark , said one man and two women were transported . Two refused treatment and a woman was treated for a minor head injury , he said . The three were to be discharged . Fire officials initially said the three suffered serious injuries . Images from the scene showed the small plane on the highway , surrounded by emergency vehicles and first responders . There was no immediate information about damage to the aircraft or traffic on the highway at the time of the landing , authorities said . The northbound lanes on the Major Deegan -- where the plane landed -- were closed until about 6 p.m. , police said . The plane is registered to a resident of Westchester County .	Forced landing in the Bronx on major highway 3 people on board No reports of any vehicles struck by the aircraft
As a teenager in war-ravaged Sierra Leone , Ishmael Beah was brainwashed , drugged and forced to kill . "  We went from children who were afraid of gunshots to now children who were gunshots , " says Beah who became separated from his family at just 12 years old when his town was attacked . He says his family were later killed in the country 's vicious civil war , which lasted from 1991 to 2002 . During this period rebel groups like the Revolutionary United Front  RUF  -- who were notorious for hacking off limbs and indoctrinating children into their struggle -- fought government forces and their offshoots for control of the diamond rich West African state . Desperate for help , Beah says he wandered the countryside with a group of other children who had lost their families in similar circumstances . They managed to avoid the roaming RUF rebels but witnessed gunfights , ransacked villages and countless dead bodies along the way . "  I saw a man carrying his son that had been shot dead , but he was trying to run with him to the hospital , " Beah recalls . "  There was also  this woman had been running and she had a baby that was tied on her back . She 'd been running away from the fighting and the bullet had struck the baby and the baby had been killed but she did n't know . " Eventually Beah and his friends came across a rural camp they initially believed to be an army base . They soon realized however that they had in fact stumbled upon a battalion of breakaway Sierra Leonean soldiers . The splinter group opposed the RUF but were pursuing similarly vicious fighting tactics , including the deployment of child soldiers . Beah was taken in , given shelter and eventually trained to kill . "  Somebody being shot in front of you , or you yourself shooting somebody became just like drinking a glass of water . Children who refused to fight , kill or showed any weakness were ruthlessly dealt with . "  Emotions were n't allowed , " he continued . "  For example a nine-year-old boy cried because they missed their mother and they were shot , " he says of the era which was portrayed in the 2006 Hollywood film "  Blood Diamond , " starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Djimon Hounsou . See also : Sudan child soldier turned U.S. Olympian Speaking about the moment he became separated from his family , Beah recalls : "  I had gone to a talent show , I was interested in American hip-hop music , with my older brother , to another town and my town was attacked . I went from having an entire family to the next minute not having anything . It was very painful . " Now a U.N. goodwill ambassador , a law graduate and a best-selling author , Beah is heading the fight to publicize the plight of child soldiers in Africa . "  I do work with UNICEF to go to some of these places , but also to meet the young people who are coming from these experiences to reassure them that it is possible to come out of this , " he says . "  I can speak to these children . With proper integration this is the way you can have a successful removal of children from armed groups " See also : Former child soldier remembers Beah says he now has a greater understanding as to why children are viewed as such valuable fighting assets to groups like the RUF across Africa . According to the United Nations there remains an estimated 300,000 children involved in conflicts around the world today . "  Everybody always asks why do they go after children ? Because you can easily manipulate them , " he says . "  They also want to belong to something , especially if they live in a society that has collapsed completely . Their communities are broken down , they want to belong to anything slightly organized and these groups become that . " Beah felt this acceptance in his division of child soldiers and fought with the group for two years before eventually being rescued by UNICEF . He was taken to a rehab center in the Sierra Leone capital , Freetown , where he spent eight months learning about what happened to him and readjusting to life after the war . Those who worked at the center were frequently attacked by child soldiers finding it difficult to adapt to their new surroundings in the early days . "  We were very angry . We were very destructive . We destroyed the center where we were staying at  and  we burned some things up , " he says of his early months there . "  We beat up the staff members . They came back , we beat them up some more . " With time , and the patience of a carer named Nurse Esther , however , Beah says he was eventually able to reconnect to his lost childhood and remember the person he once was . He also credits the hip-hop music he loved as an innocent 12-year-old and the songs of Bob Marley as a major help in his recovery . See also : From child soldier to child savior Beah 's progress was so impressive that in 1996 he was selected to go to the United Nations and speak to a conference led by Graca Machel , Nelson Mandela 's wife , on the plight of child soldiers . It was during this trip that he would meet Laura Sims -- a UNICEF worker who would eventually adopt him and bring him to America when the conflict in Sierra Leone escalated to engulf Freetown in 1998 . Upon moving to the U.S. , Beah enrolled at the United Nations school in New York before going on to graduate in 2004 with a degree in Political Science from Oberlin College in Ohio . During his studies he also wrote a book on his experiences as a youth in Sierra Leone , "  A Long Way Gone : Memoirs of a Boy Soldier " . "  I finished this book before I graduated . I never intended to publish it but the idea for writing it was really this desire to just find a way to give the human context that was missing in the way the issue of child soldiers were discussed , " he says . His passion for bringing a greater understanding to the experiences of child soldiers has since led Beah to his current role as a U.N. ambassador for children affected by war . And he hopes to offer the same support to today 's child soldiers as Nurse Esther and the staff at the Freetown rehab center offered him . "  I witness UNICEF workers doing all of this and when these children were removed I felt their confusion , " he says . "  I 've been in that place before . All of a sudden you no longer have your military gear , you 're now a kid . " "  What I 'm saying to them is that everybody has the capacity to find their own talent with the right opportunities to do something more with their lives , and everybody can walk their own path . "	Ishmael Beah was a child soldier during the Sierra Leonean civil war Beah now works as a U.N. goodwill ambassador for children affected by war He hopes to act as an inspiration for child soldiers recovering from forced conflict experiences
In a dry and dusty soccer field the boys shrieked and screamed as kids in the midst of a highly competitive soccer game often do . A neighborhood resident pointed towards another three boys on their bikes off to the side watching . "  See where they are ? That is where the cars would pull up , " he told me . "  They would drag a man out and execute him . Some days it was more than one . " Just a few years ago , this same soccer field was an Al Qaeda killing ground where , like clockwork every day right before evening prayers , executions would take place , and young boys -- the same ages as those now playing soccer in front of us -- would gather to watch the macabre event , seemingly immune to the horrors they were witnessing . That was in February , when we were in Iraq filming stories for the 10-year anniversary of the start of the Iraq War . In April I found out that a couple of the boys we filmed were killed in a bombing down the road . The bomb -- containing 2 kilograms of highly explosive material -- was hidden in a plastic bag , placed outside of a three-story building that had a popular ice cream parlor on the first floor . The boys were there . This is the tragic norm of Iraq that people are forced to live with . Violence few understand , fear that permeates every aspect of life , where even a simple action like taking children to eat ice cream can result in death . This past year has seen a marked increase in attacks , especially coordinated simultaneous strikes , a trademark of ISI -- the Islamic State of Iraq -- an umbrella organization that includes al Qaeda in Iraq . Baghdad is a maze of blast walls and checkpoints , with Iraqi security forces "  beefing up " security but hardly accomplishing anything more than creating ever-more frustrating traffic jams . The government touts instances when it has managed to diffuse bombs , but the harsh reality is that they simply can not stem the violence . July was the deadliest month in Iraq in the last five years since the peak of sectarian violence in 2006 and 2007 . According to the U.N. , 1,057 Iraqis were killed and another 2,326 were wounded in acts of terrorism and violence last month . And on Saturday bombings spanning from Nassiriya in the south , to Baghdad , to Mosul in the north claimed dozens of lives and wounded nearly two hundred more . It was Eid , the three day holiday that marks the end of the holy month of Ramadan . The explosions mostly went off in predominantly Shiite areas -- at coffee shops , markets and bus stops . "  Where are the security forces ? " a man at one of the bomb sites asked angrily . "  If you -- Prime Minister Maliki -- can not deal with security , let someone else ! " Anger and frustration among Iraqis is heartbreakingly palpable . The Islamic State of Iraq claimed responsibility in a statement , saying that the violence was intended to be a message to the "  animals of Rawafdh ` Shiite ' and their government . " Al Qaeda in Iraq  AQI  was once described by the U.S. military before it withdrew from Iraq in 2011 as being "  on the run . " But that clearly is no longer the case . To start with , Iraq security forces were never capable of containing the "  security gains " of the U.S.-military era . AQI and other Sunni extremist groups have capitalized on the predominantly Shiite-led government 's failure to bring Sunnis into the political fold . Iraq 's Sunni population maintains that it is being systematically targeted by government forces and grows more alienated and disenfranchised by the day . And Iraq remains a nation where violence and politics go hand in hand . AQI has also expanded its operations into Syria under the umbrella of "  Al Qaeda in Iraq and the Levant  Syria  . " Its head , who goes by the pseudonym Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi or Abu Dua'a , among others , is believed to be mostly operating out of Syria . But al Qaeda 's resurgence and its operations are just one part of the messy and vicious patchwork of forces that govern this part of the world at the expense of the civilian population sucked into an existential battle that started millennia ago . Those forces include the ongoing regional struggle pitting Shiite Iran against Sunni Saudi Arabia and Qatar -- regional powerhouse who have found proxy battlefields in Syria and Iraq -- along with Russia and America . The fates of Iraq and Syria are growing more intertwined by the day , and it is the civilians always who continue to be victims of this lethal web of dynamics over which they have little control . Iraq : 10 years on Why the war in Iraq was fought for Big Oil What Iraq could teach us about Syria	The past year has seen a marked increase in attacks in Iraq , writes Arwa Damon Despite occasionally diffusing bombs , the government can not stem the violence , she says July was the deadliest month in Iraq in the last five years According to the U.N. , 1,057 Iraqis were killed and 2,326 wounded last month
CNN  -- In a stunning achievement for unionists and Democrats , critics of the Wisconsin governor Scott Walker marshaled over a million signatures for a petition that has made it possible for Walker to lose his office in a recall election this spring . If so , that would be the first successful gubernatorial recall in Wisconsin history and only the third in that of the United States . Walker blundered last year by pushing through the state legislature a hugely unpopular law that cripples public-sector collective bargaining and thereby suffocates most government unions . Coming on the heels of the November referendum in Ohio , which overturned a similar Republican-sponsored law , it 's clear that the American trade union movement is not yet dead . Indeed , the defense of these venerable institutions retains the capacity to put thousands in the streets and mobilize millions of voters , not all of whom are card-carrying unionists by any means . But those hostile to unionism are hardly backing off . In Indiana , where Republicans control the legislature and governor 's mansion , they are about to pass a state "  Right-to-Work " law similar to those anti-union statutes long ago enacted in deep red states as South Carolina and Texas . And in the nation 's capital , Republican legislators are on the warpath against the very existence of the National Labor Relations Board , the 75-year-old agency whose Depression-era mandate fosters the capacity of workers to form "  unions of their own choosing . " Why the fuss , when private sector trade unions enroll but one out of every 14 workers and public sector unions have hardly grown in more than 30 years ? Meanwhile the strike has practically vanished from the American landscape - there were at least ten times more each year in the 1970s - and the negotiation of a new union contract , in both the public and private sectors , is considered a labor victory if the workers escape without too many givebacks . Political rhetoric during this campaign season fails to capture what 's at stake . The Republicans denounce the pensions long ago negotiated by public sector unions as too expensive and they keep up attacks on the contributions of "  Washington union bosses " to the Democrats . For their part , most Democrats , and this includes President Barack Obama , rarely offer a full-throated defense of the labor movement itself . Instead they frame the Republican anti-union offensive in the Midwestern states largely as an assault on the middle class , as if questions of power and ideology were not at stake . But the fate of unionism is all about class power in American society and the ideologies that motivate those who either defend or defame these institutions . The Occupy Wall Street protests have moved issues of economic inequality closer to the top of the contemporary political agenda , but it 's the unions -- in their sometimes plodding and prosaic fashion -- that have long ameliorated the stark disparities of wealth and income that an unfettered capitalism so naturally produces . Tax fairness is a big political issue this campaign season , but of far greater impact on the distribution of American wealth and power is the existence of a union movement and the prospect that it might one day grow again . In the middle decades of the 20th century , when incomes were less unequal -- economists called this the era of the "  great compression " -- the trade unions were potent , both at the bargaining table and in politics . Conversely , there is much evidence to show that the sharp decline in private sector unionism since the late 1970s is connected to the rising inequality we have today . When they are strong , unions can limit the prerogatives of individual businessmen , government officials and the untamed workings of the labor market . Contemporary free-market conservatives find all this intolerable , which is why governors like Scott Walker and New Jersey 's Chris Christie so often seek to demonize the trade unions as corrupt and omnipotent . Fortunately , that rhetoric has found its limit , first in Ohio and now in Wisconsin where more than a million citizens put down their names endorsing the union idea . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter for updates Join the conversation with CNN Opinion on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nelson N. Lichtenstein	Over a million signatures have been submitted to recall Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin Nelson Lichtenstein : It 's clear that the American trade union movement is not yet dead He says that the fate of unionism is all about class power and income distribution He says that people are realizing the importance of unions and are fighting on their behalf
CNN  -- HTC is dipping its toes in the camera market with the new Re : a supersimple handheld action camera that pairs with a smartphone . The L-shaped Re camera looks like an inhaler or small periscope . Just under 4 inches high , the waterproof gadget is mostly handle . It turns on when you grip it and features a fixed ultra-wide-angle lens , a single button and no viewfinder . It captures 16 megapixel still images and shoots 1080p HD videos at 30 frames per second or 720p videos at 120 frames per second . Though it works independently , the Re does a lot more when used with its Android or iOS apps . The apps can turn a smartphone into a viewfinder and make it possible to shoot time-lapse and slow motion videos . Why is HTC , traditionally a smartphone company , making a camera ? In a way , all smartphone makers are already in the camera industry . Starting with Apple 's iPhone , smartphone manufacturers have mostly obliterated the point-and-shoot by putting powerful cameras in everyone 's pocket . Part of the problem was that traditional pocket cameras just could n't catch up fast enough with the editing and instant sharing features smartphones offered . HTC is approaching its camera from a different angle : It 's built as a phone accessory . Though aimed at a more casual user , Re is similar to the many portable action cameras available . Led by the hugely popular GoPro , action cameras have taken off in recent years . Rugged and powerful , they can be mounted on vehicles , heads and animals for intense videos . Like GoPro , the Re will have a line of custom mounts and clips . It can shoot up to 1 meter underwater . HTC says the camera will be available before the end of the year and cost $ 199 . It comes in white , navy and red . The Taiwanese company announced the new camera on Wednesday , along with the Desire Eye smartphone . Built to capitalize on the selfie craze , the Desire Eye puts its most powerful camera on the front side of the phone , so people can get the highest quality image of their face and make sure they look good at the same time .	HTC announces new handheld action camera The Re is a small waterproof camera with just one button and no viewfinder Like the popular GoPro , the Re is meant for capturing action shots
CNN  -- Not everyone will remember "  Death of a President , " the 2006 movie that included a controversial scene in which President George W. Bush was killed by a sniper .  I , on the other hand , ca n't forget it because my fiancÃ © is an actress and had a big role in that movie  . Another thing I ca n't forget is the outrage that DOAP sparked among some conservative commentators , including some of those very same people who are now defending Sony 's film "  The Interview , " about the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . "  Death of a President " won an award at the prestigious Toronto Film Festival and was slated to play in several theater chains in America . That is , until some on the right went ballistic over it . Rush Limbaugh slammed the movie , reportedly calling the film 's director a "  sicko " and saying the movie was part of an "  age of insanity . " Fox News ' Michelle Malkin denounced the film in an article she penned for the conservative website , "  Town Hall " titled , "  Kill Bush Mania . " Matt Drudge used the word "  SHOCK "  all in caps  to describe the film on the front page of his Drudge Report . And Sean Hannity grilled the film 's director on his Fox News show with questions like "  Do you not have a responsibility to think of the impact , the impressions that could be made on people " by depicting the shooting of Bush ? The outrage was n't confined to the media . Rep. Peter King of New York , then chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , dubbed the film disgusting , claimed it "  could incite real violence " and reportedly warned that the filmmakers "  would have blood on their hands if anything should ever happen . " King went on to call for no movie theater or TV network in America to show the film : "  Any theater that would show this , any TV station that would show this , is acting irresponsibly . It would be a disgrace for it to be shown anywhere . " In response to this outrage , the film was indeed pulled from the big theater chains and relegated to a handful of art house theaters . As a then-spokesperson for Regal Entertainment Group , one of the movie theater chains that caved into the pressure , reportedly stated , "  We do not feel it is appropriate to portray the future assassination of a president , therefore we do not intend to program this film at any of our cinemas . " Yet fast forward to 2014 , and The Drudge Report reads , "  SURRENDER : SONY PULLS ` INTERVIEW . "  Apparently Drudge 's computer is stuck in "  caps lock " mode .  Malkin 's Twitter feed , meanwhile , is filled with retweets that denounce Sony 's puling of the film . But the award for the biggest flip-flopper of them all goes to Peter King . The man who in 2006 called for theaters to not screen the film that portrayed Bush being assassinated sang a far different tune when interviewed earlier this week by CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . When Blitzer asked King if it was appropriate for a film to depict a world leader being assassinated , King responded , "  There 's no reason not to do it . " King went on to state -- as if he had no recollection of what he said in 2006 -- that there have "  been terrible things said about our presidents and our leaders in movies . ... This is something that , in a free society , we tolerate . " Look , if you are going to credibly defend freedom of expression , it requires that you be consistent . You ca n't just defend the words or images you agree with . That 's not how freedom of expression works . And deep down , I know that King and the pundits on the right know this . But too often they are playing to their political base or the consumers of their media outlets at the expense of intellectual honesty .  And to be candid , some on the left are just as guilty , though typically not in the area of freedom of expression . Will the future bring any changes ? Tough to say , although to be honest it seems unlikely . It 's how some of them remain in office and attract fans to their websites and TV shows . But thanks to a thing called Google we can discover in a matter of minutes the selective outrage and outright hypocrisy of these people . At least then we can dismiss their words as being nothing more than hollow pandering .	Dean Obeidallah : Conservatives were outraged by "  Death of a President " But similarly themed movie is defended by right now , he says Obeidallah : Thanks to Google we can discover selective outrage
LINCOLN , Nebraska  CNN  -- Lincoln Industries looks like a typical blue-collar plant : workers cutting , bending , plating and polishing steel for products such as motorcycle tailpipes and truck exhausts amid the din of machinery . Howard Tegtmeier , right , leads co-workers in stretching before their shift starts at Lincoln Industries . But the 565-employee Nebraska company is different . Lincoln Industries has three full-time employees devoted to "  wellness " and offers on-site massages and pre-shift stretching . Most unusual of all : The company requires all employees to undergo quarterly checkups measuring weight , body fat and flexibility . It also conducts annual blood , vision and hearing tests . "  When you get the encouragement from somebody to help you with nutrition and to help with a more active lifestyle , it makes it easier to be able to attain a lifestyle that most people want to attain anyway , " says Hank Orme , president of Lincoln Industries . The program has been in place 16 years . The company ranks workers on their fitness , from platinum , gold and silver down to "  non-medal . " To achieve platinum , they must reach fitness goals and be nonsmokers -- and the company offers smoking cessation classes . For employees , reaching platinum means a three-day , company-paid trip each summer to climb a 14,000-foot peak in Colorado . This year , 103 qualified , the most ever . And 70 made the climb . For the company , the payoff is significantly lower health-care costs . The company pays less than $ 4,000 per employee , about half the regional average and a savings of more than $ 2 million . That makes the $ 400,000 Lincoln Industries spends each year on wellness a bargain . Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta on wellness at work " "  The return on investment is extraordinary , " Orme says . The investment in "  wellness " pays other dividends , according to Orme . He says fitter workers are more productive , have better morale and are safer . As evidence , he points to worker 's compensation claims . Ongoing safety training and an increasingly fit work force have pushed worker 's comp costs down from $ 500,000 five years ago to less than $ 10,000 so far this year . Seven years ago , shift leader Howard Tegtmeier was in the non-medal category . The 49-year-old smoked , drank , was overweight and took 12 pills a day to treat high blood pressure , high cholesterol and diabetes . "  I just made the decision it was time to change my life , and the wellness program showed me ways to do that , " Tegtmeier says . Tegtmeier says he no longer smokes or drinks . His weight is down from 230 to 180 , thanks to diet and exercise . His cholesterol and blood pressure are also down , and he says he no longer needs medication . Tonya Vyhlidal , Wellness and Life Enhancement director , says Lincoln Industries does n't pressure workers who do n't want to participate . But sooner or later , she says , the company 's "  culture " attracts most employees to live healthier lives . The company sponsors races , helps with gym memberships or exercise equipment , offers healthy choices in the vending machines and hosts classes on health and nutrition . "  There 's a way to engage everyone . Even those that are really resistant , " Vyhlidal says , adding that she 'll offer employees suggestions based on what makes them feel fulfilled : "  Do you like to ride a bike ? Ride a bike . Do you like to cook ? You may need a different cookbook . " This month , Tegtmeier and 69 co-workers climbed Mount Bierstadt , a 14,060-foot mountain . All of them reached the summit . It was Tegtmeier 's fourth climb with the company . "  The view up here is wonderful , " he said .	Nebraska company grades employees on how healthy they are All employees have quarterly checks of weight , body fat and flexibility Firm 's per-employee health-care cost is $ 4,000 annually , about half regional average Company president : Fitter workers more productive , have better morale , are safer
CNN  -- Former Penn State University assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky denied Wednesday two new allegations of child abuse that authorities are investigating , his attorney said . "  Jerry has adamantly denied the allegations , " said attorney Joseph Amendola , adding that the accusations appear to be part of "  a very nasty divorce and custody battle . " The investigations were opened by Children and Youth Services in Pennsylvania , sources close to the investigation said Tuesday . In Pennsylvania , cases of alleged child abuse reported by an alleged victim who is an adult are strictly police matters , even if the alleged offenses occurred when that person was a child . Children and Youth Services participates in the investigation only if the alleged victim is still under 18 . Said Amendola : "  I know at least one Children 's Youth Services investigation has been opened up by Centre County CYS regarding Jerry 's alleged abuse of one of his  family members  . We do n't know for sure . The allegations are ridiculous and unfounded . "  Jerry has absolutely denied any inappropriate contact with his  family members  . It 's important to keep in mind these allegations were made after the attorney general filed charges against Jerry even though the alleged incident  s  took place before the AG 's charges were filed , " Amendola told CNN . Attorney : Evidence will prove Sandusky 's innocence The attorney said he and Sandusky have n't been told of the nature of the alleged abuse by the attorney general or the family member who made the allegations . "  Even if you buy into the attorney general 's allegations against Jerry -- which we vehemently dispute and which we intend to vigorously defend against -- these new allegations do n't fit the profile presented by the AG . These new allegations appear to be the result of a very nasty divorce and custody battle , " Amendola said . If the allegations are found to be credible , they would be the first known cases involving current minors to become public since Sandusky 's arrest . All the other publicly known cases have involved alleged victims who are now adults . The new cases were reported less than 60 days ago , according to sources close to the investigation . Sandusky was arrested on November 5 after the release of a grand jury report detailing crimes that he is accused of committing between 1994 and 2009 . He is free on $ 100,000 bail , and he has denied the allegations . Based on the grand jury report , Pennsylvania 's attorney general has charged Sandusky with 40 counts in what authorities allege was the sexual abuse of eight boys . In addition , Penn State Athletic Director Tim Curley and Gary Schultz , a university vice president , resigned their posts after being charged with failing to inform police of the allegations . Head football coach Joe Paterno and President Graham Spanier also lost their jobs in the wake of the report , when questions were raised about the university 's response . According to grand jury documents , a graduate assistant told Paterno in 2002 that he had seen Sandusky performing anal sex on a young boy in a football complex shower . Paterno informed Curley , who told Schultz , according to the grand jury report . CNN 's Jason Carroll and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Two new accusations of child abuse stem from "  a very nasty " divorce , lawyer says Jerry Sandusky denies inappropriate contact with relatives , attorney says Sources : Two new cases were reported to authorities less than 60 days ago The alleged victims are currently under 18 , the sources say
London  CNN  -- A female Saudi Arabian judo fighter will be allowed to compete while wearing a hijab , a Saudi Olympic Committee spokesman said Monday . Razan Baker told CNN that International Olympic Committee , International Judo Federation and Saudi officials had agreed that Wojdan Shaherkani could wear a headscarf during her matches . Shaherkani had signed an agreement with Saudi Olympics officials that she could compete only if she wears "  correct and approved " clothing that "  sticks to Islamic principles , " Baker said . This year is the first time every nation competing in the Olympics is sending women as well as men . Saudi Arabia was the last country to announce that it would send female athletes . Read more : London Olympics breaks new ground for women Her father , Ali , was adamant that he would not let his daughter compete if she must remove her hijab , he told the Saudi newspaper Al Watan on Monday . Shaherkani , 16 , is scheduled to compete Friday . Her photo on the Saudi team 's Olympics website shows her with a scarf that covers her hair but not her face . Middle distance runner Sarah Attar is the only other woman on the 19-member Saudi team . Read more : Historic break through or false dawn ? CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson and CNN 's Schams Elwazer contributed to this report .	Judo competitor Wojdan Shaherkani has been told she can wear her headscarf Her father and Saudi officials insist she must wear it This year is the first time Saudi Arabia has sent women to the Olympics Shaherkani is 16 and competes in her first match Friday
CNN  -- It 's another case of horse meat being found in products that are not supposed to contain it . Furniture giant Ikea said Thursday it pulled hotdogs from its stores in Russia after tests revealed they contained rogue horse meat . Dozens of processed meat products have been pulled by European suppliers , retailers and food outlets in the past several weeks after the discovery of unauthorized horse meat in them . Opinion : Scandal shines spotlight on murky horse trade Ikea said in a statement Thursday it had undertaken wide-scale testing of its meat products from different suppliers in all its markets . "  The vast majority of these tests show no indication of horse meat . However , there are also a few tests that do . In those cases we remove the product from sales , " the company said . "  IKEA Group is committed to serving and selling high quality food that is safe , healthy and produced with care for the environment . " The test result from Russia concerns locally produced hotdogs and only affects the Russian market , Ikea said . The alert over the hotdogs has added to what has been a difficult couple of weeks for Ikea . What 's behind the horsemeat contamination scandal ? Ten days ago , the company suspended sales of its Swedish meatballs after testing in the Czech Republic revealed traces of horse DNA . Testing since has revealed the presence of horse meat in a few samples of Ikea meatballs from a supplier in Sweden , the firm said Thursday . Ikea also said Tuesday it was withdrawing its almond cake with chocolate and butterscotch from sale in 23 countries after traces of coliform bacteria -- organisms found in the environment and in the feces of warm-blooded animals and humans -- were found in two batches . The horse meat scandal has extended across Europe , with questions raised over slaughterhouses and food suppliers in a number of countries . The UK Food Standards Agency released the results Friday of the latest round of testing ordered on products labeled beef across the UK food industry . Horse : Coming soon to a meat case near you ? So far , more than 99 % of tests continue to show no horse DNA at or above the level of 1 % , it said . Horse meat is not harmful in itself but authorities are concerned by its unauthorized presence in case it is tainted with a veterinary drug used to treat horses . Phenylbutazone , also known as bute , is not allowed to enter the food chain because it can pose a risk to humans . The European Union said last month it intends to begin testing meat across all 27 member states .	Ikea says horse meat has been found in hotdogs produced for sale in Russia The company says testing has shown the vast majority of its products are not affected The horse meat scandal has extended across Europe in recent weeks
CNN  -- A body found in a wooded area Tuesday is believed to be that of 11-year-old William McQuain , who went missing more than two weeks ago , Montgomery County , Maryland , police said . Search dog handlers found the body of a young African-American male in Clarksburg , Maryland , just after 9 a.m. Tuesday , police said in a statement . The scene was still being processed Tuesday morning , and police spokeswoman Rebecca Innocenti had no information on when a positive identification would be made . An Amber Alert was issued for the boy after his mother , Jane McQuain , 51 , was found dead in the bedroom of her Germantown home October 12 . She had been stabbed and beaten , according to police . Her son was not there , and her Honda CRV was gone , but police later recovered it . Police said the boy was last seen September 30 at his home . Authorities said Jane McQuain had been dead for about 10 to 12 days when her body was found . The discovery was made after a friend contacted police and said he had not been able to contact her and was concerned . Curtis Lopez , 45 , was arrested last week in Charlotte , North Carolina , in connection with Jane McQuain 's death . He waived extradition to Maryland on Monday . Police said Lopez was McQuain 's husband and was often at her residence , although he did not appear to live there . Witnesses reported seeing him loading items into McQuain 's vehicle recently , police said . Authorities obtained a surveillance tape from the morning of October 1 showing Lopez "  entering and re-entering " a storage unit in Germantown with the boy , the police statement said . "  At that time , William McQuain appeared to be in a playful mood and showed no signs of distress . " "  The clothing that William McQuain was wearing in the video is similar to the clothing found on the body that was located , " the statement said . The body is believed to have been in its location since October 1 , authorities said . CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	William McQuain , 11 , has been missing for more than two weeks McQuain 's mother was found dead at her Maryland home October 12 A search dog team found the remains in a wooded area , police say
Budget Travel  -- Here 's a snapshot of Portugal 's defining experiences : beaches , cities , and food and wine . Get a sense of which ones fit your travel style and your budget . Sandy beaches dot Portugal 's rugged coastline . Find a secluded beach The Algarve , southern Portugal 's balmy riviera , sees nothing but blue sky 300 days of the year . Admire the ocean views from the roof terrace at Dianamar , in the whitewashed old center of Albufeira , just a block from the beach . Rooms are simple , but all have private terraces , and the price includes a generous breakfast buffet and afternoon cake  doubles from $ 65  . The most dramatic coastline is along the drive to the medieval fortress town of Lagos .  Cars can be rented for around $ 30 a day in Albufeira ; book online with companies like Europcar .  Between Praia de Dona Ana and Porto do Mós , the cliffs have been broken by the wind and sea into jagged rock formations pierced by blowholes and grottoes . Secret half-moon bays of golden sand lie hidden from view from all but the ocean . An hour beyond Lagos is Europe 's southwesternmost point : Cabo São Vicente , a cape whose plunging cliffs are dotted with crumbling medieval churches and castles . More than 500 years ago , Portuguese sailing ships left to explore the world from these shores . There 's great hiking in the fragrant pine woods and peach orchards less than 20 miles inland , around the spa town of Monchique -- a cluster of tiny houses and 18th-century mansions tumbling down a steep , wooded valley . The trail up to the Picota peak has magnificent views out over the coast all the way to the cape . Families from Lisbon take weekends on the beaches of Cascais , less than 20 miles from the capital . There they jostle for space on three broad , short beaches and wander , ice cream in hand , along the ocean esplanade or the clusters of narrow streets crowded around the town 's imposing fort . For wilder , lonelier sand , head to Guincho , four miles west . This sweeping , gently curved shoreline is pounded by some of the best surf in the eastern Atlantic . An almost constant wind makes for superb windsurfing ; a world championship is hosted here most Augusts . But watch out for those rips and prepare for cold water . While the Algarve is good for swimming from spring to autumn , you 'll need a wet suit around Cascais for all but the summer months . The town is easily reached from Lisbon ; trains leave from Belém station every 15 minutes and take just over half an hour  $ 4.50 round trip  . But if you choose to stay , take a room at the Solar Dom Carlos , a 16th-century manor in a quiet Cascais backstreet  doubles from $ 30  . There 's a pocket-size former Royal Chapel on the hotel grounds . Marvel at opulent chapels and palaces Lisbon spreads in terra-cotta and cobblestone over seven hills , staring out over the Tagus River to the shimmering Atlantic . A rugged Moorish castle tops the skyline , and the streets are lined with baroque churches and Gaudíesque art nouveau buildings . Budget Travel Trip Coach : Friends explore Lisbon and beyond Allow at least three days for a first visit , and make time for the Mosteiro dos Jerónimos . Extravagantly decorated doorways lead through long cloisters to a church supported by pillars adorned with stone ropes and coils of faux seaweed . These rise to a fan-vaulted ceiling whose thousands of tons of stone somehow look light and airy . Many Portuguese notables are buried at this monastery , including Luís de Camões , author of Portugal 's national epic , Os Lusíadas , and the explorer Vasco da Gama . The Gulbenkian is one of the world 's great small museums . Oil magnate Calouste Gulbenkian acquired a huge collection of Egyptian , European and Oriental artifacts and Renaissance art , which was brought to Lisbon after his death . Highlights include intricate Roman jewelry , opulent Moorish carpets and tapestries , paintings by Rembrandt and Van Dyck , and an extensive collection of René Lalique 's art nouveau glassware . Finish your day with a late afternoon 's wander around the narrow , cobbled streets of the Bairro Alto neighborhood on a cliff overlooking the 18th-century city center . There 's a pretty medieval square or a magnificent church at every turn . The most beautiful is the Igreja de São Roque , whose simple exterior hides what was said at the time to be the most expensive chapel ever built -- a feast of rich gold work and beguilingly complex mosaics of lapus lazuli , ivory , agate , and precious metals . Built in Rome in 1742 , it was blessed by the Pope before being transported in its entirety to Lisbon . It 's an easy day trip from Lisbon to Sintra , a former royal retreat in cool forested hills near the coast . It looks like a Disney fantasy : pastel tiered castles crown the hilltops ; faux-Moorish domed palaces lie hidden in wooded gardens ; and extravagant , neo-Gothic mansions loom at the top of steep driveways . The grandest of all is the Palácio Nacional da Pena , rebuilt by Portugal 's half-mad Austrian king-consort in the late 18th century  park and palace admission $ 14  . It 's a fascinating mishmash of Italian colonnades , Ottoman/Oriental turrets and windows painted in garish pinks and yellows . The interior of the building is preserved as it was when royalty fled during the 1910 revolt -- down to the tables set for dinner and the lamp-stand statues of turbaned Turks holding light bulbs . Sample robust wines and fresh fish Every small Portuguese town has its own wine , traditional cakes and cheeses . In the Alentejo , cheeses are curdled with thistle flowers and washed down with rich , earthy red wines . Base yourself in Évora , a city founded by the Romans , expanded by the Moors and enriched by the Portuguese kings . Each group left its monuments ; the cork forests and vineyards around the city are strewn with Iberian dolmens , for example . About 150 miles north , in the mountainous Beira region , is the village of Pinhel , famous for its red wines and vanilla-flavored cavaca candies -- invented by nuns from the local convents in the Middle Ages . Pinhel is a delightful maze of winding streets and makes a great base for hiking in the nearby park land , Serra da Estrela , or for visiting the Côa Valley , where rock faces are inscribed with Paleolithic art . The Douro River flows out of Spain into a deep valley stepped with some of Europe 's oldest vine terraces . Port wine comes from here , together with some of Portugal 's heartiest reds . The Douro Valley is easily seen on a boat cruise from Porto , a destination in its own right . Here stands one of the largest collections of Renaissance buildings in the Iberian Peninsula . Every other corner leads to a little baroque church whose modest façade hides an interior encrusted with tons of gold . Winding streets in the city 's medieval center lead down the hillside to the river . Wander along the quays in Gaia across from Porto city and drop in on the various port wine warehouses for free samples . It 's a great way to decide what kind to bring home as a gift . Cap off your day with dinner on the banks of the Douro at D. Tonho . The house specialties are bacalhau  salted cod served steamed or in little deep fried crispy balls  , followed by pork fillets with clams or hake au gratin with seafood sauce . 7 insider tips 1 . English is widely spoken , and it 's always more welcome than Spanish , which might even produce a scowl . Portugal and Spain have an age-old rivalry . Visitors trying to speak a few words of Portuguese will make many friends . 2 . In the Algarve , everyone sees the ocean from the beaches . But it 's just as much fun seeing the beaches from the ocean . Book an afternoon boat trip out of Albufeira Marina with one of the numerous agents on the Rua 5 de Outubro and be sure to take a camera to capture the golden afternoon light on the crumbling cliffs . 3 . Portugal can be a difficult country for vegetarians . Even vegetable soup is cooked with meat stock . Be sure to state clearly that you do n't eat any meat or fish -- even as seasoning . 4 . For the coolest night out in Lisbon , head to co-owner John Malkovich 's waterfront warehouse club , Lux Fragil , which is always packed with the most fashionable crowd on a Friday or Saturday night . 5 . Lisbon has some of the liveliest African music in Europe ; terrific Cape Verdean , Angolan and Mozambican singers make the city home . The hottest acts play at the Club B.Leza nights at Cabaret Maxime  from $ 20  . For schedules of Luso-African concerts all over Lisbon , e-mail bleza21@gmail.com . 6 . Portugal is a great country for driving . Small distances and an excellent and well-signposted road network mean that it 's never a long journey to the next place of interest . And the whole country can be driven from north to south in a little over a day . But beware of Portuguese drivers . Hugging the fender and flashing headlamps furiously on the highway is common practice -- as is reckless passing . 7 . Portugal is great for kids . Lisbon has a huge aquarium , and the dolphin and seal shows at the Zoomarine on the Algarve are some of the best in Europe . There are swimming pools and restaurants here , so you can stay for the whole day  adults $ 14  . Timing Portugal is sweltering in the summer  June through August  and very busy with European tourists . The spring  April through May  and autumn  September through October  are cooler , just as sunny and far less busy . The winter  November through March  is wet and cold . Price index Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Portugal 's most dramatic coastline is along the drive to the medieval town of Lagos A Moorish castle tops the Lisbon skyline and baroque churches line the streets The Douro River valley is stepped with some of Europe 's oldest vine terraces
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greece is set to press ahead with new taxes , public-sector job cuts and the sale of everything from airports to gaming licenses after Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou narrowly survived a confidence vote early Wednesday . Papandreou is planning to cut 150,000 government jobs , slash the salaries of those who keep their posts , and slap new taxes on property , yachts and swimming pools . He 's trying to win confidence from international lenders in order to get a second bailout package to keep the government from defaulting on debts . But the austerity package is very unpopular . Weeks of protests forced Papandreou to shuffle his cabinet last week , leading to the confidence vote , which he won 155-143 . European markets were slightly down Wednesday morning , though it was not clear if that was in response to the Greek vote . International lenders have demanded Greece cut spending , lay off public workers , increase taxes and raise 50 billion euros  $ 71 billion  through selling off state-owned enterprises in exchange for another bailout deal for the cash-strapped nation . Analysts warn that a Greek default could cripple the euro , the European Union 's common currency , and send shock waves throughout the world economy . "  If Greece were to default , I think the idea that you could contain that would be fanciful , " former British finance minister Alistair Darling told CNN Wednesday . "  It 's a bit like saying , ` Let 's let Lehman 's go bust again and wait and see what happens , " he said , referring to the investment bank that collapsed in 2008 , adding fuel to the global recession . An acute crisis in Greece would lead to a chain effect that "  probably would n't stop in Europe , " he warned . "  It would have a feedback to American banks and so on . " Greek lawmakers are slated to vote on the privatization plan and further tax increases , pension cuts and layoffs on June 30 , and European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso warned Greece risks being abandoned by both Europe and the International Monetary Fund if it fails to act . "  There is no alternative to this program . Let 's face it , " Barroso told CNN on Tuesday . "  And that 's why it has to be clear . We need Greece to deliver , and if Greece wants this program of support , Europe is ready to support it . " Greek Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos said Tuesday he was encouraged by support he received from main opposition leader Antonis Samaras on the austerity plan , which Venizelos said he would take to Eurogroup ministers July 3 . Harsh reforms designed to help reduce Greece 's enormous budget deficit have so far led to tax hikes and public-sector job losses alongside already record-high unemployment . Papandreou faces opposition from within his own ruling socialists over the austerity measures . Airports , highways and state-owned companies as well as banks , real estate and gaming licenses will all go on the auction block . On June 9 , the Cabinet approved a tough five-year plan for 2011-15 and introduced a bill in Parliament to put austerity measures into effect . The government proposes reducing the public-sector workforce by 150,000 ; workers will also face changes in working hours , practices and wages , and the plan also sets out changes to social benefits , including pensions and unemployment aid . Protests against those plans turned violent June 15 as demonstrators threw gasoline bombs at the Finance Ministry and police fired tear gas at protesters , police said . But Papandreou did not change course , telling lawmakers over the weekend , "  The government must stop spending more than it takes in . " According to the Finance Ministry , these measures will help achieve 28.3 billion euros  $ 40.5 billion  in cuts from 2012 to 2015 and shrink Greece 's public deficit to less than 3 % of gross domestic product , in accordance with the EU target . CNN 's Diana Magnay and Richard Allen Greene and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	Papandreou 's government survives a confidence vote A former British finance minister warns that a Greek default would affect Europe and the United States EU chief says Greece has "  no alternative " to austerity plans Greece plans to raise taxes , cut pensions and sell off assets as part of a bailout
CNN  -- "  New Moon , " the latest film in "  The Twilight Saga " is doing record business at the box office . In its opening weekend the film grossed $ 140.7 million -- more than any other film with an autumn release in history . The tales of teenage vampire love based on the best-selling books by Stephanie Meyer have wooed film-goers without having to resort to acres of flesh being on display . This distinct lack of on-screen sex runs contrary to the popular trend of portraying teenagers on screen as playing fast and loose with their virginity and affections . Love and the importance of relationships most definitely rule in "  The Twilight Saga " and the formula is proving popular with audiences . Elizabeth Morowitz , Communications Professor at the University of Missouri and author of "  Bitten By Twilight " thinks that this more sensitive approach is the key to the film 's success . "  A lot of people ask ` what 's so appealing about the Twilight and why is it popular now ? ' and we think it 's because of the relationships and the messages about love in Twilight . In a more conservative environment we 've had this push for abstinence education , so we now have a media message that 's more congruent with that . So perhaps some teens relate to it in that way , " Morowitz told CNN 's Katie Walmsley . The director of "  New Moon " Chris Weitz says that sexual abstinence is central to the film 's appeal . "  It 's not that they ca n't have sex , they choose not to and I think there 's so much popular culture that 's saying to young people : ` you 'll be cool if you have sex ' or ` it 's important to be sexy ' whereas this series really concentrates on matters of the heart and spirit and I think that 's lovely , " Weitz told CNN . A dashing male lead , in the shape of Robert Pattison does n't hurt either when you 're trying to attract a female teenage audience . But whatever the exact recipe for its undoubted success it looks like teenagers in the "  Twilight " world do n't like to bite off more than they can chew .	"  The Twilight Saga : New Moon " is breaking records at the box office Film contains plenty of sexual tension but no sex scenes Twilight Saga concentrates on matters of the heart and spirit says director Chris Weitz
CNN  -- Top executives of the company that owned the Deepwater Horizon oil rig announced Tuesday they will donate their safety bonuses to the families of the 11 workers killed in the April 2010 explosion in the Gulf of Mexico . The announcement follows criticism of a Transocean Ltd. financial filing that claimed 2010 was its "  best year " in safety . "  The executive team made this decision because we believe it is the right thing to do , " Chief Executive Officer Steven Newman said in a statement Tuesday . "  Nothing is more important to Transocean than our people , and it was never our intent to diminish the effect the Macondo tragedy has had on those who lost loved ones , " he said . "  We offer our most sincere apologies and we regret the impact this matter has had on the entire Transocean family . " The five executives will donate more than $ 250,000 to the Deepwater Horizon Memorial Fund , which Transocean established . The fund has distributed more than $ 1.6 million to the 11 families . The executives were identified as Newman ; Ricardo H. Rosa , senior vice president and chief financial officer ; Arnaud A.Y. Bobillier , executive vice president , asset and performance ; Eric Brown , executive vice president , legal & administration ; and Ihab M. Toma , executive vice president , global business . Transocean Ltd. , in a recent filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , said hefty bonuses and raises to top executives were based in part on the company 's "  performance under safety " last year . "  Notwithstanding the tragic loss of life in the Gulf of Mexico , we achieved an exemplary statistical safety record as measured by our total recordable incident rate and total potential severity rate , " the SEC statement reads . "  As measured by these standards , we recorded the best year in safety performance in our company 's history . " Safety accounted for 25 % of the performance measures that determined the 2010 bonus plan , the proxy form stated . Transocean tried to clear the water first with an apology Monday . "  We acknowledge that some of the wording in our 2010 proxy statement may have been insensitive in light of the incident that claimed the lives of eleven exceptional men last year and we deeply regret any pain that it may have caused , " Transocean said in a statement to CNN . "  Nothing in the proxy was intended to minimize this tragedy or diminish the impact it has had on those who lost loved ones . Everyone at Transocean continues to mourn the loss of these friends and colleagues . " The April 20 , 2010 , explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig , which was leased to BP , injured 17 workers and killed 11 others , including nine Transocean employees , according to the SEC filing . It has been called the worst spill in U.S. history . The well was capped three months later , but not before millions of barrels of oil spilled into the Gulf .	Transocean Ltd. senior executives will donate safety bonuses Executives get pay raises in part for the safety record , earlier SEC filing says Cash awards based in part on company safety record Despite Gulf explosion oil spill , company called 2010 "  best year in safety "
Berlin  CNN  -- What appeared to be a human hand and foot were sent separately to two area schools , Vancouver police said Tuesday . The first package , containing what was thought to be a hand , was delivered to False Creek Elementary School , while the second , containing what appeared to be a foot , was found by staff at St. George 's School , they said . It was not immediately clear whether the gruesome discoveries are connected to the case of Luka Rocco Magnotta , the Canadian porn actor accused of killing and dismembering a man and mailing body parts to politicians . "  The investigation is only a few hours old now , so I ca n't link it to anything , " Vancouver Police Deputy Chief Warren Lemcke told reporters . Magnotta will not fight extradition after his arrest in Germany , a Berlin police official said Tuesday . The 29-year-old told a Berlin magistrate that he will return voluntarily to face charges in the death of university student Jun Lin , Chief Supt. Stefan Redlich of the Berlin police said . Magnotta faces first-degree murder and other charges in last month 's killing of Lin , a 33-year-old Concordia University student from China . Authorities accuse Magnotta of dismembering Lin and mailing one of his hands and one of his feet to Canadian politicians . Lin 's head and other hand and foot are still missing , Cmdr. Ian Lafreniere , a Montreal police spokesman , said Tuesday . Police also believe Magnotta filmed the death and dismemberment and posted it to the Internet . Authorities have said the video shows Magnotta engaged in sexual acts involving body parts . On Tuesday , Lafreniere told reporters the video also included evidence of cannibalism . Berlin police arrested Magnotta on Monday at an Internet cafe where he was browsing articles about himself . The arrest ended an international manhunt that began when the body parts were found in the mail . Montreal police see no hurry in getting Magnotta back to Canada , Lafreniere said . "  At the moment , it is not a rush for us , " he said . "  On our side , believe me , we 've still got an investigation to do . " Police will investigate allegations of animal abuse made by online animal rights activists who accused him of killing kittens , and also look into possible links to other crimes , Lafreniere said . "  We 're in contact with different agencies , it 's a fact , " he said . However , Lafreniere said investigators currently have no evidence linking him to other crimes . He also said investigators would check out rumored links between Magnotta and a well-known Canadian . While Lafreniere did not name that person , several Canadian newspapers have reported on rumors that Magnotta had dated notorious Canadian killer Karla Homolka . Ontario police arrested Homolka and her husband in 1993 in the rapes and murders of three Ontario girls , including her own sister . As part of a plea bargain , Homolka served 12 years in prison . CNN affiliate Canadian Broadcasting Corp. said Montreal police also were investigating a website that hosted the video . The site could face criminal charges for publishing obscene material , CBC reported , citing Lafreniere . The Magnotta case began last week when a caller complaining of a strong smell coming from an alley behind Magnotta 's Montreal apartment building summoned police , Lafreniere said . Investigators found a torso stuffed inside a suitcase , he said . That same day , officials at Canada 's Conservative Party headquarters received a package addressed to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper that contained a foot . Officials later intercepted a package addressed to the Liberal Party that contained a hand . DNA tests completed Tuesday showed both were Lin 's , according to Lafreniere . He said police do n't believe Lin 's missing body parts are in the country 's mail system , but they are working with postal officials to make sure . In addition to the video posted to the Internet , Lafreniere said investigators have reviewed surveillance video from Magnotta 's apartment building showing him carrying numerous bags downstairs . Investigators believe Magnotta killed Lin on May 24 or May 25 , posted the video , then took a flight to France on May 26 . He boarded a bus to Berlin on the morning of June 1 , Lafreniere said . Magnotta describes himself as ' a people person ' In the end , it was the keen eye of an employee at the Internet cafe in Berlin that helped police nab Magnotta . The employee , Kadir Anlayisli , said he recognized the slight man who walked into the nondescript Helin Spatkauf Internet Cafe on Monday , but he could n't quite figure out why he did . But as Magnotta surfed the Web , poring over news accounts of the case in which he himself was the suspect , the realization dawned on Anlayisli . "  I looked in the papers and said , ` That 's him who they 're looking for , the porno killer , ' " Anlayisli told reporters . He flagged down a carload of German police trainees . Magnotta initially denied his identity , police said . Then he gave up without a fight , stating simply , "  OK , you got me . " CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	NEW : The packages contained what appeared to be a human hand and foot NEW : There 's no indication the remains are connected to the case of Luka Rocco Magnotta Magnotta is accused of killing and dismembering a man and mailing body parts to politicians He was arrested by Berlin police on Monday after an international manhunt
CNN  -- William Beach was one of those people who fixated on certain foods . He would eat the same thing voraciously for a few days , and then , when he tired of the same tastes , he moved onto something else . In August , when summer 's heat seemed unending in Mustang , Oklahoma , Beach took to savoring fried chicken -- and soft , sweet cantaloupe . Beach was elderly -- 87 -- but after eating the fruit , his health declined rather suddenly and before anyone in his family knew what was wrong , he was dead . He is among 15 people who died from Listeria monocytogenes in what the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is calling the deadliest U.S. outbreak of a food-borne illness since 1998 . Gallery : The decade 's 10 biggest food-borne illness outbreaks The bacteria was traced to Rocky Ford cantaloupes grown at Jensen Farms ' fields in Granada , Colorado . As of Monday , the outbreak had affected people in 19 states . The CDC first reported it publicly on September 12 , six days after William Beach 's family buried him . Listeria ? What 's that ? Beach and his wife Monette bought the tainted cantaloupe at a Homeland grocery , where the store motto says : "  the best is fresh . " A week after he ate the fruit , Beach felt malaise , perhaps not unusual for a man of 87 years . But then his face turned the shade of a tomato . Soon he had trouble breathing and collapsed on the living room floor , according to a wrongful death lawsuit filed against Jensen Farms . Monette heard him struggling to pull himself up off the floor . She hobbled into the room with her cane and saw her husband of 67 years unable to speak , unable to get up . She dialed 911 and an ambulance whisked Beach to Baptist Hospital in nearby Oklahoma City . He was discharged the next day but when he got worse at home , he returned to the hospital . One of Beach 's six daughters , Brenda Hathaway met her father at the emergency room . Beach told her he did n't want Monette to see him this way . Listeriosis causes fever , muscle aches , diarrhea and other gastrointestinal symptoms . It is rarely a serious concern for healthy children and adults , according to the CDC , but it is particularly dangerous for pregnant women and the elderly or people with weakened immune systems . On the evening of September 1 , medical staff tried to intubate Beach but he began hemorrhaging from the mouth and nose , the court documents said . Soon after , he died . Monette never saw her husband alive again . Two days after his funeral , an official from the Oklahoma State Department of Health called Hathaway . She was told then that her father had tested positive for Listeria . Hathaway 's sister Debbie Frederick said the family wondered why it took the hospital two days to release her father 's body . They had assumed he died of natural causes . "  We knew it was some sort of infection , but we did not know what it was , " she said . But Listeria ? She had never even heard that word before . What you need to know about Listeria Health officials began questioning Beach 's daughters . What had he eaten in the weeks prior ? They specifically asked if he had consumed cantaloupes . Frederick , meanwhile , glued herself to her computer , determined to learn more about the illness that killed her father . "  Doing all that reading , it became patently clear that the health departments knew there was an issue , " she said . "  They knew there was a Listeria problem . " The Beach family 's angst led to a lawsuit filed against Jensen Farms . Frederick said she hopes the lawsuit will help strengthen food safety laws . "  It 's a terrible thing to lose someone you love to something that could be prevented , " she said . "  I pray that it 's over . I hope nobody else has to lose a loved one . " Battling the bacteria In Littleton , Colorado , Jeni Exley 's parents , Herbert and Elaine Stevens , were getting ready to celebrate 60 years of marriage on September 8 . They still had a good life together . Despite his age -- 84 -- he felt spry enough to take the dogs out for a walk in their Littleton neighborhood . He let Elaine do most of the grocery shopping and cooking but he could make his own sandwiches for lunch . How to keep your food safe In early August , Elaine came home from the nearby King Soopers market with half a Jensen Farms cantaloupe . She did n't buy the whole thing -- it was only the two of them . Besides , she liked to able to see through the cellophane and decide if it was ripe enough . She and Herbert both ate the lush fruit . Herbert started to feel sick , just like William Beach . Four days before Beach was rushed to hospital in Oklahama , Stevens could n't get up from the toilet in Colorado . He had a fever of 103 degrees and felt nauseous . Elaine called an ambulance which ferried her husband to Littleton Adventist Hospital . Unlike the Beach family , Stevens ' daughters learned after a few days that their father was infected with Listeria . Exley , 55 , like Frederick , went online to learn more about the bacteria that had sickened her father . Health officials , after questioning Elaine about what the couple had eaten in the last few weeks , determined that Herbert Stevens was a part of the latest outbreak . After antibiotic therapy , Stevens was transferred to a nursing home . Exley arrived on her parents anniversary with chocolate milkshakes in hand . But her father was n't feeling well . He was sent back to the hospital when his condition worsened . Stevens eventually regained some of his strength . He was sent to a skilled nursing facility to recuperate on September 19 , the same day that the Food and Drug Administration announced it had found Listeria monocytogenes in samples of Jensen Farms ' Rocky Ford cantaloupes . Stevens ' Listeria is gone but at that age , he will probably never return to the man he was , Exley said . A little bit of him went with his bout with the bacteria . He uses a walker now to move around ; all his body functions seem affected , Exley said . "  I think it is amazing that he even survived , " she said . "  I am surprised he is not one of those people who died . " The Stevens are also suing Jensen Farms in hopes of recouping some of their medical costs . Exley , who loves cantaloupe , feels extremely lucky her family escaped tragedy . She , too , had bought some of the tainted fruit and received an automated phone call at home warning her about the recall . She , like Frederick , thought she could trust what she was buying at the neighborhood grocery store . From now on , she will think twice . And fill her shopping cart with apples and oranges instead .	Before his family knew what Listeria was , William Beach was dead After eating Jensen Farms cantaloupe , Beach collapsed on the floor In Colorado , Herbert Stevens is still recuperating from his bout with the bacteria Both families are suing Jensen Farms
A meteor streaked through the skies above Russia 's Urals region Friday morning before exploding with a flash and boom that shattered glass in buildings and left about 1,000 people hurt , authorities said . Described by NASA as a "  tiny asteroid , " the meteor 's explosion created a blast in central Russia equivalent to 300,000 tons of TNT , the space agency 's officials said Friday , adding that the incident was a once-in-100-years event . The injured included more than 200 children . Most of those hurt are in the Chelyabinsk region , though the vast majority of injuries are not thought to be serious . Opinion : Do n't count ` doomsday asteroid ' out yet About 3,000 buildings were damaged -- mostly with broken glass -- as a result of the shock waves caused by the blast , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency said . Vladimir Stepanov , of the National Center for Emergency Situations at the Russian Interior Ministry , earlier told state media that hospitals , kindergartens and schools were among those affected . About 20,000 emergency response workers were mobilized , RIA Novosti reported . Read more : Saving Earth from asteroids Amateur video footage showed a bright white streak moving rapidly across the sky , before exploding with an even brighter flash and a deafening bang . The explosion occurred about 9:20 a.m. local time , as many people were out and about . It was captured in vivid images by Russians , many of whom used dash cameras inside their vehicles . Dash cameras are popular in Russia for several reasons including possible disputes over traffic accidents and the corrupt reputations of police in many areas . Drivers install the cameras for their own protection and to document incidents they could be caught in ; on Friday , they were able to document a spectacular natural phenomenon . CNN iReporter and Instagram user Max Chuykov saw the meteor trail from the city of Yekaterinburg . He shared on Instagram that it was "  close to the ground . " Witness Ekaterina Shlygina posted to CNN iReport and wrote on Instagram : "  Upon Chelyabinsk a huge fireball has exploded . It was n't an aircraft . " The national space agency , Roscosmos , said scientists believed one meteoroid had entered the atmosphere , where it burned and disintegrated into fragments . Read more : When the Quadrantid meteor shower hit its peak The resulting meteorites are believed to be scattered across three regions of Russia , one of them Chelyabinsk , as well as neighboring Kazakhstan , the news agency said . One large chunk was discovered in a lake in the Chelyabinsk region , RIA Novosti cited the Chelyabinsk governor as saying . A spokesman for the Emergency Ministry for the Chelyabinsk region told CNN earlier Friday that 524 people there were injured and 34 hospitalized . NASA estimates 4,700 ` potentially hazardous ' asteroids For sky watchers , the reports bring to mind the famous Tunguska event of 1908 in remote Siberia , in which an asteroid entered the atmosphere and exploded , leveling trees over an area of 820 square miles -- about two-thirds the size of Rhode Island . About 80 million trees were felled , radiating out from the center of the blast , but no crater was left . Friday 's Chelyabinsk meteor came on the same day that a hefty asteroid charged past Earth . An asteroid makes a close call . Fear not , scientists say Known as 2012 DA14 , the asteroid is thought to be 45 meters long , about half the length of a football field . But scientists say it came not much closer than 17,100 miles from our planet 's surface . Officials from around the world were quick to call for greater vigilance in monitoring meteors . "  Today 's event is a strong reminder of why we need continuous efforts to survey and identify near-Earth objects , " said Thomas Reiter , European Space Agency 's Director of Human Spaceflight and Operations . Deep Space Industries , a recently created space exploration company , said countries should be proactive in establishing "  a sentry line of spacecraft circling the Earth to intercept and evaluate incoming threats . " "  The hundreds of people injured in northern Russia show it 's time to take action and no longer be passive about these threats , " said Rick Tumlinson , chairman of Deep Space Industries . Your photos : Orionid meteor shower NASA spokesman Steve Cole told CNN that scientists had determined that the Russian meteor was on a very different trajectory from the larger asteroid . "  They are completely unrelated objects -- it 's a strange coincidence they are happening at the same time , " said Don Yeomans , manager of the Near-Earth Object Program Office at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory . Asteroid and meteor : Connected ? "  This kind of object does fall fairly frequently , but when they fall into the ocean or desert , there is no impact on people -- so this one is unusual in the sense that it 's come over a populated area , " Yeomans said . Cole said he was n't aware whether scientists had foreseen the meteor 's entry into the atmosphere . Because meteoroids are small , they are hard to spot and there is often little warning that they are heading toward Earth , he said . Opinion : Meteor shows why it is crucial to keep an eye on the sky	Described as once-in-100-years event , the meteor released a 300-kiloton blast lt had been moving faster than normal because of its close proximity to the Earth Deep Space Industries said countries should be proactive in establishing "  a sentry line " A bright white flash appeared in the sky for a few seconds , followed by a heavy bang
Editor 's note : Spoiler alert ! If you have n't watched "  Psych 's " series finale , stop reading now . EW.com  -- After "  Psych 's " series finale on Wednesday , star James Roday spoke to Entertainment Weekly about the "  big get " and that pitch-perfect ending . The hour revolved around Shawn  Roday  trying to find a way to break the news to best friend Gus  Dulé Hill  that he was leaving him and Santa Barbara to go to San Francisco to be with Juliet  Maggie Lawson  . In the end , he did it by recording a message on DVD . If you teared up when it first became clear that Gus was watching a disc , you 're not alone . Another great moment was Lassiter  Timothy Omundson  watching his goodbye DVD and deciding not to listen to Shawn admit what Lassie 's always suspected  that Shawn 's not actually psychic  . You may even have gotten a little misty when Shawn hugged his father Henry  Corbin Bernsen  , and finally called him for help on a case -- also acceptable . Before we get to the ending , let 's talk about those three casting Easter Eggs : Deon Richmond played Gus ' boss . "  There 's been a runner throughout ` Psych ' that maybe Gus played Bud on ` The Cosby Show ' as a child , and Deon Richmond is the real Bud , " Roday explains . ` Psych ' : James Roday 's prized pop culture possession can not be beat Billy Zane has been referenced on "  Psych " more times than Roday can count . "  We 've been chasing him for a while , so to have him as the final villain ever on ` Psych ' felt really , really right . " And then the "  ultimate gift to our fans , " he says , was finally seeing Det. Dobson on-screen -- and having him be played by Val Kilmer , another actor who 's been regularly referenced on the show . "  We knew the longer the show lasted , the bigger the payoff it would be to finally be able to show who this person was . Val was our first choice , and as you learn in television , sometimes you do n't even get your 10th choice , " Roday says . "  I am eternally grateful to Val for doing this , and I think he will soon discover just how much of an impact it 's going to have . But it was awesome . And trivia , it was actually the last thing that we ever shot on ` Psych , ' because we did it in Los Angeles not in Vancouver . " The landing of Kilmer is a story in itself . Hill was hanging out with a friend who runs the LA Shakespeare Festival . "  They do these giant celebrity-laden readings every year , and he said , ` You know , Val 's done those for us in the past . Val 's actually a really good friend of mine . I wonder if he has any idea how many times you guys talk about him on your show . ' They were like having brunch , and he said , ` Let 's just call him and ask him . ' And the next thing Dulé knew , he was on the phone with Val , who of course had never seen our show and had no idea what anybody was talking about . But Dulé , being the proactive guy that he is , just put him right on the spot right there on the phone . What 's Val gon na say ? ` Yeah , of course , it sounds fun . ' But then we actually had to put in the legwork , " Roday says . ` Psych ' : Dulé Hill sings for our pop culture personality test In the end , Gus quit his job and followed Shawn to San Francisco to live a life of adventure . He made it just in time to witness Shawn 's proposal to Juliet -- of course she agreed to marry them , mostly Shawn -- and jump in the car to chase after a thief who stole the heirloom engagement ring . "  The proposal scene was sort of hanging over our heads forever . There were so many different versions of how Shawn would propose , or IF Shawn should propose . We did n't want anybody to hate us , but we also needed it to be ` Psych ' through and through . We did n't want to cop out and have a proposal just because that 's what you 're supposed to do . So I feel like we figured out a way to do it that 's just a little off and , " he says , laughing , "  still results in the wackiness that you had come to expect from us . We knew we were never gon na have a wedding . That decision was made a while ago , like we 're not gon na go there . But I do think it was important to let everybody know that hey , these two are going to be together , you do n't have to worry about that . " These three , James . "  The three of them are going to be together . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	USA 's "  Psych " wrapped up on March 26 The series finale featured guest stars Deon Richmond and Val Kilmer "  Psych " star James Roday explains how they landed Kilmer He also explains why there was n't a wedding
CNN  -- Longtime women 's rights activist and Malawian Vice President Joyce Banda took charge of her homeland Saturday , ending two days of political intrigue after the death of President Bingu wa Mutharika . Supporters cheered and danced as she was sworn in at a ceremony in the capital , Lilongwe , as Malawi 's first female president . "  You have come to witness this occasion from all walks of life regardless of tribe , religion or political affiliation , " she said . "  I want all of us to move into the future with hope and with that spirit of oneness and unity . " Banda 's ascension was contentious even though under the terms of Malawi 's constitution , the vice president was in line for the highest office in the land . However , Banda 's falling out with the ruling party had raised fears over a potential succession struggle . She was expelled from the party in 2010 in a dispute with the president over his efforts to groom his brother as his eventual successor . She formed her own opposition People 's Party , but remained vice president . A government spokeswoman on Friday declared Banda not qualified to assume the presidency . "  The conduct of the honorable Joyce Banda in forming her own opposition party precludes her from being eligible to succeed the presidency , " said Patricia Kaliati , who serves as information and civic education minister . But Banda appealed for calm Saturday , and said the immediate focus of the country should be on the president 's funeral and 10 days of national mourning . She has been a grassroots fighter for women 's empowerment and marched in January with Malawian women who demanded an end to attacks on those who were stripped naked on the streets for wearing pants , leggings and miniskirts , instead of dresses . University of Malawi student Sphiwe Tanangachi Banda  no relation  said she was excited about having a woman at the helm . The country , she said , would take positive strides under Banda . Banda often tells her own story of an abusive marriage and how she was trapped in it because she was not economically empowered . She walked out at age 31 with her three children and promised herself she would never find herself in that situation again . She studied briefly in the United States and eventually founded several organizations , including the Joyce Banda Foundation , which educates girls and provides care for orphans , many of them HIV-positive . She also created the Young Women Leaders Network and the Hunger Project . She received the Africa Prize for Leadership for the Sustainable End of Hunger in 1997 for founding the National Association of Business Women of Malawi , aimed at making women economically self-reliant . "  We have no choice in Africa but to invest in women , " she said in a speech last December at the Clinton School of Public Service at the University of Arkansas . Banda became vice president in May 2009 . She was previously foreign affairs minister and minister for gender , children 's affairs and community services . Mutharika , 78 , fell ill Thursday at the state house in Lilongwe , and was transported to a hospital in South Africa , where he was pronounced dead . It took two days for state media to confirm his death from a heart attack , sparking fears of political turmoil and a constitutional crisis . Soon after the announcement , broadcast stations started playing solemn religious songs as mandated by the government . The international community urged Malawi to observe the succession process in the constitution . "  We are concerned about the delay in the transfer of power . We trust that the vice president who is next in line will be sworn in shortly , " said Johnnie Carson , the U.S. assistant secretary of state for African affairs . Mutharika , a former World Bank economist who studied in the United States and other countries , was elected president in 2004 after campaigning as an "  economic engineer . " He won re-election five years later for a term scheduled to end in 2014 . His initial years in office were considered a success as he focused on battling corruption and working to improve the economy . However , his popularity plunged as the economy faltered and the nation faced chronic fuel shortages and frequent power blackouts . Journalist Pilirani Phiri in Lilongwe said Mutharika 's passing will help bring needed reforms in the poor nation . "  The president had completely changed , " Pilirani said . "  He was not the same person who Malawians loved and gave him a landslide victory in 2009 . " The United States announced last month that it was suspending $ 350 million allocated to Malawi because of concerns about its governance . In the city of Blantyre on Saturday , people expressed sadness at Mutharika 's death but optimism for the future . "  My expectations are that things will start moving along fine , " said footballer Enerst Nyaude . CNN 's Alden Mahler Levine and journalists Gregory Gondwe and Teresa Temweka Chirwa contributed to this report .	NEW : Joyce Banda is known for her efforts at women 's empowerment She appeals for calm and says the focus should be on the president 's funeral President Bingu wa Mutharika died after a heart attack Thursday Some express hope that his passing will help bring change
CNN  -- Defending champion Petra Kvitova recovered from an early wobble to win 6-4 6-4 in her Wimbledon first-round match against Uzbekistan 's Akgul Amanmuradova . Czech fourth seed Kvitova , who beat Maria Sharapova in last year 's final , fought back from 4-1 down in the first set against her 96th-ranked opponent on Tuesday . She proceeded to win the next seven games in succession , clinching the second set after a short rain delay . It was a gallant effort from Amanmuradova , who had lost all of her four previous first-round matches at the grass-court grand slam . "  I was nervous at the start . On grass you never know what to expect from me , " Kvitova said after the win . Women 's tennis battles to shunt the grunters The world No. 4 will next face either Italy 's Karin Knapp or Britain 's Elena Baltacha for a place in the last 32 . She was joined in the second round by four-time champion Serena Williams , after the American sixth seed beat Barbora Zahlavova Strycova of the Czech Republic 6-2 6-4 . Williams avoided the early exit suffered by her older sister Venus , who lost in the first round on Monday for the first time since her debut in 1997 . Belarus ' No. 2 seed Victoria Azarenka also made it safely through to the second round . The Australian Open champion defeated USA 's Irina Falconi 6-1 6-4 to set up a meeting against Switzerland 's Romina Oprandi . Ninth seed Marion Bartoli of France , who was runner-up in the tournament five years ago , came through 6-2 6-4 against Australia 's Casey Dellacqua . She will play Croatian Mirjana Lucic next . Nadal powers into men 's second round Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic will not feature in round two after suffering a surprise defeat . The 19th seed was comprehensively beaten 6-3 6-0 by Dutch debutant Kiki Bertens , and the 25-year-old has now fallen at the first hurdle for the fourth time in seven attempts in London . The 20-year-old Bertens , playing only her second grand slam after losing in the first round at the French Open , will next face Roland Garros quarterfinalist Yaroslava Shvedova of Kazakhstan . British teenager Laura Robson gave the home fans hope of a further upset before going down 2-6 6-4 6-4 to Italy 's No. 24 seed Francesca Schiavone . The 2009 quarterfinalist earned a second-round meeting with Czech No. 148 Kristyna Pliskova , who lost in her debut appearance last year but this time upset Slovenia 's 46th-ranked Polona Hercog 6-2 6-2 . Russian 12th seed Vera Zvonareva beat Germany 's Mona Barthel 2-6 7-6 6-4 , and the 2010 Wimbledon runner-up will next play Spanish debutant Silvia Soler-Espinosa .	Petra Kvitova starts Wimbledon defense with 6-4 6-4 win over Akgul Amanmuradova Serena Williams beats Barbora Zahlavova Strycova of the Czech Republic 6-2 6-4 No. 2 seed Victoria Azarenka overcomes the USA 's Irina Falconi 6-1 6-4 No. 19 seed Lucie Safarova beaten 6-3 6-0 by Kiki Bertens of the Netherlands
CNN  -- Apple CEO Steve Jobs is back on the job after a six-month medical leave , the company said Monday . Steve Jobs , Apple 's CEO , is back at work , a company spokesman said Monday . "  Steve Jobs is back to work . He is at Apple a few days a week and working from home the other days , " Apple spokesman Steve Dowling said . "  We 're glad to have him back . " Dowling would not comment further on specifics . Jobs 's return may do little to quell the tech community 's obsession with his health and future role at the hip tech company . Bloggers and tech-news writers are asking many questions about Jobs ' return , including : Would Apple be fine without its famous chief executive ? What does Jobs ' health mean for Apple stock ? And why has Jobs ' health been such a drooled-over story ? Jobs , a 54-year-old pancreatic cancer survivor , had a liver transplant about two months ago . Apple , maker of the iPhone , iPods and Mac computers , had remained mum on Jobs ' status except to repeat , over and over , that Jobs would return to work by the end of June . There have been online posts by CNBC and the UK 's Telegraph saying that Apple 's chief executive made a brief return to the company 's Cupertino , California , headquarters last week . But the timing is n't the most important piece of this story . What Jobs means to Apple and to the tech world has more impact . Here 's what some of the online community is saying : The BBC has an interesting post on why Jobs has become such a tech rock star and why personalities are so important in the tech community : "  A big part has to do with how he has transformed Apple and its products into some of the most talked-about in the world . And , of course , there is the whole issue of his health five years after his battle with pancreatic cancer and what it means to the future of this publicly-traded company , " Maggie Shiels writes on the site 's dot.life blog . "  Mr Jobs appears to be a complete enigma . He does n't give interviews ; he is described as a genius and a visionary ; he does n't want to talk about the past and he only wants to focus on the future . " Apple has done just fine without Jobs -- and because of him , according to Alex Pham of the Los Angeles Times . "  Although such prominent investors as Warren Buffett fretted last week about the company 's future without its charismatic chief executive , longtime observers say Jobs has built an institutional mirror of himself in Apple with senior executives who share many of his values and outlook , " Pham writes . Some say Jobs ' return will have little effect on the direction Apple takes in the near term . "  He 's an iconic figure that everybody wants around . He 's the world 's greatest salesman and that 's irreplaceable , " Gene Munster , a senior research analyst at Piper Jaffray , told CNN . "  But as far as the product direction and the product quality , the road map for the next five years is already in place -LSB- at Apple -RSB- . " PC Magazine takes a similar slant , writing Jobs likely will start a new role at Apple upon his return . He 'll be less of the company 's day-to-day face and more of its visionary . "  Things will be very different for him and his team , " Tim Bajarin writes for the magazine . "  Part of the reason is that Jobs has had a near-death health issue to deal with , and he may now realize that his most important role will be to create a vision that can be carried forward for decades , not just the next product cycle . " Some bloggers have criticized Apple for not saying more about Jobs ' illness . The chief executive 's health affects the company 's stock price , and investors should be kept more in the loop , writes Bill Taylor , a blogger at the Harvard Business Review . Taylor also says Apple 's corporate culture -- which is based around Jobs ' charisma -- is out of date . "  Jobs , for all of his virtues , clings to the Great Man Theory of Leadership -- a CEO-centric model of executive power that is outmoded , unsustainable , and , for most of us mere mortals , ineffective in a world of nonstop change , " he writes . The Silicon Alley Insider further blasts Apple for its silence on Jobs ' health . The blog also says it 's unclear exactly when Jobs will return to work . "  Apple continues to maintain its ludicrous stance that Steve 's health and future role at the company is just a private matter -- not a major question and concern for investors , customers , and employees , " the blog says . "  In reality , it is both : A private matter AND material corporate information . And Apple needs to climb out of its reality distortion field and start treating it that way . " What do you think ? Is Jobs ' health and return to work a big story ? Is it overblown ? Should there be more empathy in media coverage of a sensitive health issue ? Have your say in the comments below .	NEW : Steve Jobs , Apple 's CEO , returned to work this week NEW : Jobs will be in the office several days a week and also working from home Jobs , 54 , a cancer survivor , has been on medical leave for six months Bloggers say Apple should release more information about Jobs
CNN  -- Country music singer Mindy McCready was hiding in the closet with her son when authorities took the 5-year-old boy into custody in Arkansas , officials said early Saturday . Authorities found Zander McCready and his mother in a home in Heber Springs , Arkansas , according to David Rahbany , the chief deputy U.S. Marshal in eastern Arkansas . "  The child appeared to be in good condition when we found him ... he was in the closet with his mother , " Rahbany said . Local sheriffs and marshals had placed the home -- believed to belong to the singer 's boyfriend -- under surveillance for hours before they found the boy late Friday , he said . The boy is in the custody of the Arkansas Division of Children and Family Services , who will make arrangements to take him to his legal guardian in Florida , his maternal grandmother . Until recently , the boy has been living with Mindy McCready 's mother and stepfather , Gayle and Michael Inge , who have legal custody . The singer , who has fought a public battle against drug addiction , has visitation rights . McCready took her son from her mother 's Florida home late last month and asked a court to restore custody to her out of concern over the boy 's safety . A Florida judged signed an emergency "  pickup order " Thursday authorizing law enforcement officers to get the boy . McCready 's mother and stepfather said they are relieved . "  We feel sorrow for Zander because he 's traumatized , and for Mindy , " they said . "  We just hope she does the right thing from here on out and that this is a wake-up call for her . " McCready was not charged with a crime Friday , Rahbany said , adding it is unclear whether she faces any future charges . The singer burst on the music scene in 1996 with the debut album "  10,000 Angels " and the chart-topping country hit "  Guys Do It All the Time . " Her website biography says she had an "  explosive relationship " with the boy 's father , Billy McKnight , who is a country singer . McCready participated in the 2009 season of the reality TV show "  Celebrity Rehab With Dr. Drew . " CNN 's Tom Watkins , Phil Gast , Michael Martinez , Selin Darkalstanian , Dave Alsup and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	The singer is found hiding in a closet with her son The house in Arkansas was under surveillance before the 5-year-old was found McCready took her son late last month , but she does not have legal custody
CNN  -- Authorities have issued an arrest warrant for former Dallas Cowboys player Terrell Owens after he failed to show up for a child support hearing last month . The free-agent wide receiver tried to reschedule the October 24 hearing in order to attend an NFL workout to help secure a contract , his spokeswoman said Saturday night . He is "  deeply upset that anyone would misconstrue his nonappearance in court , " Diana Bianchini said . At the time , Owens did not have representation , but his new attorneys are working to resolve the "  no show " court date , she said . Owens has been nursing a knee injury after surgery , and currently has no income , according to the spokeswoman . He supports his four children based on his 2007 income of $ 11 million to $ 12 million when he was playing for the Dallas Cowboys , which has not been modified to reflect his current situation , she said . "  In addition to this , his attorneys have just filed a lawsuit on his behalf for $ 2 million in a case where advisers who had access to his accounts were seriously mishandling fund , " she said . The player is in "  serious financial shape " but is working to resolve the issue , according to the spokeswoman . The wide receiver has played for the San Francisco 49ers , Philadelphia Eagles , Buffalo Bills and the Cincinnati Bengals . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	The free-agent wide receiver tries to reschedule the October 24 hearing Owens did not have representation at the time , a spokeswoman says Owens played for various teams , including the Dallas Cowboys and the Philadelphia Eagles
CNN  -- There 's a photo of the Jackson family on the cover of the September 24 , 1971 , issue of Life magazine . In it , Joseph and Katherine Jackson stand at the foot of a set of stairs , their star children -- known as the Jackson 5 -- arrayed behind them . The Jackson brothers , here in the 1970s , were driven to be great by their father , Joseph . They appear to be the all-American clan , gold records arranged behind them , the boys loose and smiling , the parents more awkward and serious in their demeanor . Over the years , that façade crumbled . The brothers bickered ; some made accusations of abuse . But the group remained tight-knit through crises , including Thursday 's tragedy , when Michael Jackson collapsed at his house and later died at UCLA Medical Center . The journey began with music in Gary , Indiana . Joseph Jackson , the patriarch , played in a short-lived band called the Falcons  no relation to the Detroit-based group featuring Wilson Pickett  in the 1950s . His primary job , however , was as a crane operator at U.S. Steel . Katherine Jackson , the musical and devoutly religious woman who he married in 1949 , tended to the couple 's large family : Rebbie , Jackie , Tito , Jermaine , La Toya , Marlon , Michael and Randy , all born between 1950 and 1961 . Daughter Janet arrived in 1966 . By that time , the three oldest boys -- Jackie , Tito and Jermaine -- had started their own group , which Marlon and Michael eventually joined . Joseph Jackson saw a chance for his sons to have the musical career he 'd found elusive . Joseph Jackson admitted being a harsh taskmaster . He drove his sons hard , forcing them to rehearse with a James Brown-like intensity . He was n't above emphasizing his feelings to his seventh child , Michael . "  My father teased me and I just hated it and I cried every day , " Michael told Oprah Winfrey in 1993 . He said his father also beat him : "  He was very strict , very hard , very stern . ... There 's been times when he 'd come to see me , I 'd get sick , I 'd start to regurgitate . " He quickly said , imagining his father 's reaction , "  Please do n't be mad at me . " Joseph Jackson disputed the word "  beat , " but did n't question Michael 's account . "  I whipped him with a switch and a belt , " he told the BBC in 2003 . He added , "  I never beat him . You beat someone with a stick . " In a 2005 interview with CNN 's Larry King , Jermaine defended his father 's actions . "  We grew up like any other black family . You did something , you got your butt tore up , and it was n't tore up , it was just , you got a spanking , " he said . "  I will say this . He kept us off of the streets . He kept us away from drugs . He kept us away from gangs and ... we 've been able to project a talent out there and have the support of strong people to entertain the world . " By 1968 , when Michael turned 10 , the Jackson 5 was a professional musical machine . They 'd won an Apollo Theater talent night the previous year and were working the "  chitlin circuit " of black clubs when producer Bobby Taylor urged Motown to sign the group . Motown founder Berry Gordy was impressed and made them "  the last big stars to come off my assembly line , " according to a biography on the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Web site . The group shot out of the gate with four No. 1 hits and gained a huge fan base , along with an animated TV show . But success took its toll , particularly when it was n't so easy to come by . In the mid-1970s , the band -- minus Jermaine , who 'd married Gordy 's daughter Hazel -- moved to Epic Records , where they were produced by the Philadelphia soul-funk team of Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff . The two remember nothing but good times from the sessions , which produced two albums and the Top 10 hit "  Enjoy Yourself . " "  It was a collaboration , " Gamble said . "  They all participated in creating . Tito was a great guitarist -- they were all great musicians . " Huff said he visited the Jackson compound during a trip to California and remembered a warm family setting , complete with a "  fantastic meal " cooked by Katherine Jackson . "  I 've got nothing but respect for the father , " added Gamble . "  He 's a great man . He made something out of nothing . " Even during that era , however , Michael was standing out . Gamble and Huff recalled him taking a keen interest in recording technology and the way he sounded . Going solo with Quincy Jones producing , as he did in 1979 , was the right move , Gamble and Huff said . The family dynamics kept changing as the siblings grew older . After Michael 's "  Thriller " became the biggest album of all time , the brothers -- including Jermaine -- regrouped for a new album , "  Victory , " and accompanying tour . But Michael , now the undisputed draw , disagreed with some of the tour plans and ended up donating his earnings to charity . Michael 's brightened spotlight boosted the careers of his siblings ; even Rebbie had a hit . But it was Janet who broke out with the most success , including the No. 1 singles "  Miss You Much , " "  Black Cat " and "  Again " in the 1980s and '90s . With the increased interest in the Jacksons came tabloid scrutiny of the family 's every move . When La Toya appeared nude in Playboy magazine , the story made headlines . She later criticized Michael and was on the outs for several years . Jermaine put out a song called "  Word to the Badd , " an attack on Michael , in 1991 ; he later changed the lyrics . Janet 's relationships were probed in detail , as were the brothers ' marriages . And Michael , of course , was seen as increasingly eccentric , his personality overwhelming his music . But for all their own bickering , the family closed ranks when a member was attacked . In 1992 , Jermaine co-produced "  The Jacksons : An American Dream , " a TV miniseries based on Katherine Jackson 's memoir , which chronicled their rise to stardom . When Michael faced molestation allegations in the early '90s and was tried in 2005 , the family rallied around . "  The Jackson family was groomed to be a team , " said Linda Johnson Rice , president and CEO of Ebony and Jet magazines ' Johnson Publishing and a longtime family friend . "  As you can see through their performances , they were always there for each other . " In recent years , La Toya has appeared on the reality shows "  Armed and Famous " and the UK "  Celebrity Big Brother . " She originally had a scene in the forthcoming Sacha Baron Cohen movie , "  Bruno , " but CNN confirmed the scene has been cut , "  out of respect for Jackson 's family , " the studio told The  UK  Guardian . Jermaine , who converted to Islam and changed his name to Muhammad Abdul-Aziz , appeared on "  Celebrity Big Brother " in 2007 . Jackie runs a record label , Tito remains involved in the music business , and according to a 2008 article in the New York Post , Marlon and Randy have struggled financially . In the hospital emergency room Thursday , Randy and Jermaine were witnessed hugging and crying over their late brother . "  We 're a family , " Jermaine told Larry King in the 2005 interview . "  We 're no different than any other family who has feuds and problems . ... But at the same time , we 're united , and we have a united front that is very , very strong , and it 's supported by God . "  My mother and father did a great job in instilling the morals and principles in us from the very beginning . We feel that with that , that 's all you need to go through life . " CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this article .	Jackson family has been in spotlight along with Michael Father Joseph was a sometimes rough taskmaster Siblings have been in news for relationships , intrafamily bickering But group closes ranks when member is in trouble , as happened with Michael
Ahead of next week 's scheduled execution of convicted killer Christopher Sepulvado , the Louisiana Department of Corrections has switched to the same controversial two-drug combination that was used in Ohio this month , the Louisiana department said . "  The reason for the change is that DOC has been unable to procure the drug , pentobarbital , specified in the one-drug protocol , " DOC spokeswoman Pam Laborde said in a statement . "  The Department will continue to attempt to obtain the drug or drugs necessary for either of the two protocols . " Gary Clements , part of Sepulvado 's legal team , said an appeal will be filed Tuesday . Ohio execution points to flaws in lethal injection "  We 're not challenging capital punishment in his case ... just how it 's going to be done , " Clements said . Sepulvado 's execution is scheduled for February 5 . He was sentenced to death for killing his 6-year-old stepson in 1992 . Like Ohio , Louisiana has been forced to find new drug protocols after European-based manufacturers banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions -- among them , Danish-based Lundbeck , which manufactures pentobarbital . Ohio inmate Dennis McGuire appeared to gasp and convulse for about 10 minutes before he died January 16 by lethal injection using the new combination of drugs -- midazolam , a sedative ; and the painkiller hydromorphone -- according to reporters who witnessed the execution . McGuire 's family said the execution was "  torture . " Controversial execution in Ohio uses new drug combination CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin said McGuire 's execution will likely spark debate over whether the use of the drugs constitutes cruel and unusual punishment prohibited by the U.S. Constitution . "  Whenever there 's a change in the lethal injection process , clearly it 's subject to legal proceedings , and perhaps we will see those , " Hostin said this month . The change in execution drugs was not a surprise , Clements said . "  We predicted they would have trouble finding pentobarbital , and they would have their backs against the wall and they would be forced to do something drastic , " Clements said . "  The  announcement has proven us correct . " Opinion : End secrecy in lethal injections	Christopher Sepulvado 's execution is scheduled for February 5 The two-drug combination has only been used in one other execution An Ohio inmate appeared to gasp and convulse for about 10 minutes before he died European-based manufacturers have banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions
New York  CNN  -- You might not know it to read the news of the discredited research that had long linked vaccines to autism , but there really is good progress on the autism research front . • A study published last year in the journal Nature identified a genetic variant that could account for up to 15 percent of autism cases . Once we can determine which proteins are associated with various risk genes , we can start to understand the mechanisms of action that may cause autism . And once we understand the mechanisms of action , we can start to develop targeted therapeutics . • Elsewhere , researchers working with the younger siblings of children with autism are identifying biomarkers that could enable autism to be detected as early as the first few weeks of life . • Clinical trials are under way investigating a compound that has proved effective at rescuing mice from the symptoms of Fragile X syndrome , which may be related to autism . • In addition , stem cell and genome scanning technologies hold great promise for autism research . But all of this has been overshadowed by a seemingly relentless preoccupation with the notion that vaccines might cause autism , despite mountains of scientific evidence that have concluded there is no link . It 's time for us all to put that behind us . On Tuesday , the medical journal The Lancet retracted the controversial 1998 paper that linked the measles , mumps and rubella vaccine to autism . Last week , the British General Medical Council ruled that Dr. Andrew Wakefield 's "  conduct in this regard was dishonest and irresponsible " when he published the research . The panel 's chairman said he 'd shown a "  callous disregard " for the suffering of children . The original Lancet publication had launched an era of anti-vaccine activism . At a news conference after the publication , Wakefield said there were "  sufficient anxieties for a case to be made " to separate the three vaccines . Vaccination rates plummeted , and measles outbreaks swept across the United Kingdom . Hundreds of children were hospitalized , and several died . Across the country and around the world , parents became stricken with an unfounded fear of vaccination . Because my older daughter had been diagnosed with autism , I read Wakefield 's study carefully . I followed his advice to separate the shots when it came time for my younger daughter to be vaccinated in 1999 . Looking back , I realize now that that decision left her needlessly vulnerable to vaccine-preventable disease and , frankly , did nothing to reduce the likelihood that she too might be diagnosed with autism . Eventually , Wakefield 's collaborators withdrew their names from the Lancet paper . Later it was revealed that he had received funds from lawyers representing the children enrolled in his study and that he obtained control blood samples from children who attended his son 's birthday party , paying them 5 pounds apiece . Since the publication , millions of dollars have been spent on multiple international studies examining the Wakefield hypothesis . No study has ever replicated his results . In fact , one study published in 2008 specifically tried to replicate Wakefield 's original work and found no evidence that the vaccine had a connection to either autism or GI disorders .  You can read all the autism/vaccine studies here . At this point , we have to be willing to accept what legitimate science tells us . The science is clear regarding MMR and autism , just as it is with thimerosal  a vaccine preservative that has also been implicated in the past  and autism . Multiple studies have failed to show a causal link . Unfortunately , we still do n't know what causes autism , and that is one reason the vaccine hypothesis has been so sticky , even in the face of overwhelming scientific evidence . But we will never find the answers we need about autism if we keep asking the same questions over and over . We need to move forward . The problem is , we can never prove a negative . Science does n't work this way . We will never be able to say we have done a definitive study showing vaccines do n't cause autism . All science can show is the absence of a link . Whereas anti-vaccine parent advocates cite personal anecdotes and state that they know with certainty that their child 's autism came from vaccines because "  they know their child , " scientists talk about the "  preponderance of evidence " and "  statistical significance . " That is not the stuff from which good soundbites are made . Once you put a scary idea in someone 's head , it is very hard to reassure them , even in the presence of compelling science . Anti-vaccine autism activists continue to view Wakefield as a hero willing to take on the establishment and fight for their children . In the meantime , his research has had a lasting negative effect on children 's health in that some people are still afraid of immunizations . In some cases , the younger siblings of children with autism are being denied lifesaving vaccines , despite mountains of scientific evidence indicating no link between vaccines and autism . This is the Wakefield legacy . But the aftereffects of Wakefield 's false claims do n't stop there . Thousands of parents of children with autism were persuaded to pursue "  detoxification " treatments to reverse nonexistent vaccine damage . At best , these treatments waste time and money . One child died from this "  therapy . " In addition , pediatricians have found it hard to maintain constructive relationships with some families given their implicit accusations that mainstream medicine had harmed their children . It 's my hope that today marks a turning point . A staggering amount of work needs to be done to make life better for our families , and we may now be able to focus on moving forward with good science as our guide . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alison Singer .	Alison Singer says link between autism , vaccinations debunked but research progressing But , she says , new science is overshadowed as some cling to discredited study Some parents put kids in danger by still avoiding vaccines , trying dicey "  therapies " Singer : New research should move forward with science as a guide
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- At least 14 people were killed and dozens more were wounded in explosions across Iraq on Saturday , officials said . A woman adjusts a memorial of plastic flowers this week at the bombed Foreign Affairs Ministry building . Nine police officers were killed and 19 wounded in a suicide bombing north of Baghdad on Saturday morning , local officials said . The incident occurred in the Salaheddin province town of al-Shirqat . Local police said the suspected bomber had been driving a minivan near the outer checkpoint of a police base . The bomber detonated when police opened fire , police said . Twenty shops and dozens of cars were damaged . Later in the evening , a motorcycle rigged with explosives detonated outside a busy coffee shop in a southeastern Baghdad district called New Baghdad , killing two and wounding 13 others , according to the Ministry of Interior . The attack occurred about 9 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  as people had gathered to break their fast for Islam 's holy month of Ramadan . In other violence Saturday , at least three people were killed and 40 wounded when a roadside bomb detonated in a marketplace in northern Iraq , an Interior Ministry official said . The bomb detonated in the town of Sinjar , a predominantly Yazidi town west of Mosul near the Syrian border . Yazidis are a minority group mainly concentrated in Iraq 's north and have been often targeted by insurgents . The deadliest attack since the start of the war was in August 2007 , when coordinated truck bombs hit Yazidi villages , killing more than 500 and wounding hundreds . Despite the improved security situation across the country , there has been a spike in attacks in recent weeks . Last week , two massive suicide truck bombs hit the foreign and finance ministries in Baghdad , killing at least 100 people and wounding hundreds more . The attacks come at a time when Iraqi security forces have come under a lot of criticism after they took control of security in cities and towns after the withdrawal of U.S. combat forces two months ago . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Nine police officers killed , 19 hurt in suicide attack in Iraq Interior Ministry official says bomber drove minivan into police station Motorcycle blows up outside coffee shop , killing two Roadside bomb kills three in marketplace near Syrian border
New York  CNN  -- The conviction of a former New York police officer for conspiring to kidnap , torture , cook and eat women has been overturned by a federal judge , who ruled that the evidence against him amounted to "  fantasy role-play . " Gilberto Valle , who has already served 21 months in jail and faced life in prison on the kidnap conspiracy conviction , did not say a word when he appeared in a federal courtroom Tuesday . He smiled and waved at relatives in court . One woman , in tears , said before the hearing , "  He 's coming home today . " Prosecutors said they will appeal the decision , and bail for Valle was set at $ 100,000 . He could be released as early as Tuesday . Defense attorney Julia Gatto said the decision backed up her assertion that Valle is "  guilty of nothing more than very unconventional thoughts ... We do n't put people in jail for their thoughts . We are not the thought police and the court system is not the deputy of the thought police . " "  Gil Valle has been in jail for almost 21 months , seven months of that were in the indescribable hell that is solitary confinement , all for a crime that he did n't commit , " she said . Valle was ordered to undergo a mental health evaluation , and to surrender travel documents and weapons . U.S. District Court Judge Paul Gardephe also ordered GPS home monitoring for the defendant . "  The evidentiary record is such that it is more likely than not the case that all of Valle 's Internet communications about kidnapping are fantasy role-play , " Gardephe said in the 118-page opinion released Monday night . Valle 's lawyers argued at his trial last year that the former police officer 's e-mails and online postings were just that -- "  fantasy role-play " and "  dark improv theater . " But prosecutors said he was "  deadly serious . " In his decision , Gardephe ruled that "  once the lies and the fantastical elements are stripped away , what is left are deeply disturbing misogynistic chats and emails written by an individual obsessed with imagining women he knows suffering horrific sex-related pain , terror and degradation . " "  Despite the highly disturbing nature of Valle 's deviant and depraved sexual interests , his chats and emails about these interests are not sufficient -- standing alone -- to make out the elements of conspiracy to commit kidnapping , " he added . The trial evidence provided by prosecutors was not "  sufficient to demonstrate beyond a reasonable doubt that Valle entered into a genuine agreement to kidnap a woman , or that he specifically intended to commit a kidnapping . " Valle also was found guilty of illegally accessing a federal law enforcement database . The database , which Valle was trained to use and had access to as a police officer , helped him research potential victims , prosecutors said . No one was kidnapped , but the jury did see what prosecutors said were detailed plans to carry out a plot . Valle , a six-year NYPD veteran , was convicted after prosecutors presented evidence such as a document found on his wife 's laptop titled "  Abducting and Cooking Kimberly -- A Blueprint . " The same document listed "  materials needed , " which included a gag , rope , chloroform and a tarp for the trunk . The FBI never found any of these items in Valle 's possession . According to trial evidence , he communicated online with three co-conspirators on the Dark Fetish Network , prosecutors said . At trial , Gatto called Valle 's conduct "  pure fiction " and "  make-believe . " "  He is anxious to get home to his family , the people who supported him through this whole ordeal , " she said of her client on Tuesday . "  I am sure he is very relieved , very tired . Prison has been hard ... He has to pick up the pieces of his life . " CNN 's Haimy Assefa and Julia Talanova contributed to this report .	Conviction of former police officer in cannibal cop case is overturned Gilberto Valle has already served 21 months in jail and faced life in prison Valle faced life in prison on a kidnap conspiracy conviction Judge wrote that Valle 's Internet communications were likely "  fantasy role-play "
CNN  -- After deliberating for nearly two hours , a Georgia jury found 18-year-old De'Marquise Elkins guilty Friday of multiple charges , including felony murder , for shooting and killing 13-month-old Antonio Santiago during a robbery . Elkins was also convicted of aggravated assault and other charges for shooting pastor Wilfredo Calix-Flores during a separate mugging 10 days before the baby was shot . His mother Karimah Elkins , who was tried along with her son , was convicted of tampering with evidence for her role in trying to cover up the shooting . Both Elkins and his mother showed no sign of any emotion as the verdict was read . They sat silently , staring straight ahead as they have throughout the entire trial . Elkins could be sentenced to life in prison for his convictions . He was spared from the death penalty , because he was 17 when the baby was shot . A Georgia law prohibits anyone who is under 18 years old at the time of involvement in a crime from being executed . Elikins ' mother could be sentenced to up to 10 years in prison for her conviction . Sherry West , Santiago 's mother , wept on the stand during the trial as she recounted how Elkins shot her son in broad daylight in Brunswick , Georgia , on March 21 , after he and another teen tried to mug her . "  I told him I have a baby and I have expenses and I did n't have  money  . He asked me if I wanted him to shoot my baby . I told him , ` Please do n't shoot my baby . ' He shot a warning shot into the ground , " West said , weeping . "  I asked him , ` Why are you doing this ? Please do n't do this . ' It felt like he shot me in the ear . Then he shot me in the leg . My left leg . " West said one of the teens then did the unthinkable -- he aimed for the baby . "  I tried to stop him . I put my arms over my baby but he still shot him , " she said . "  He walked over and shot my baby . " During his closing argument Friday , Elkins ' attorney Jonathan Lockwood attacked West 's recollection of the shooting , saying she could n't confidently identify Elkins as the shooter . He also accused her of plotting her baby 's death to profit from a life insurance policy . "  Sherry West is a woman who was very distraught , who was very emotional . But also who acted in a rather bizarre way . You saw the video of where she is laughing and cutting up with officers , and making jokes with them just after her child was murdered , " Lockwood said . "  Incidentally , does anybody know what the protocol is for how you are supposed to act when you watch your child get shot in the face , " prosecutor Jackie Johnson said during her closing argument . Johnson called the defense 's accusation that West planned her baby 's death a "  grand conspiracy " and an attempt to distract from the reality that his client is guilty . "  We have a defendant who preyed upon the weak . He preyed upon the weak when he was looking for Mexicans to rob , because he knows lots of times they ca n't speak English . They are afraid . They might be here illegally . They may not even report to police , " said Johnson . "  They do n't see any more Mexicans that morning . They see something even better , something even more weak , something even more vulnerable , a mother and a child . " Johnson ended her closing argument with an emotional plea to the jury to find Elkins guilty of murder . "  This case cries out for  determining  malice , " Johnson said . The teenager accused of being Elkins ' accomplice is Dominique Lang , who was 15 at the time of the shooting . Although Lang is a minor , CNN is identifying him because he is charged as an adult , and media outlets have been naming him since his arrest . Lang has also pleaded not guilty to the multiple charges against him , which include felony murder . He will go on trial later , separately from Elkins , and also faces life in prison . Lang testified against Elkins earlier in the trial , identifying him as the shooter .	Teen , 18 , found guilty of shooting and killing a 13-month-old during a robbery The killing occurred in the U.S. state of Georgia in March The teen 's mother was also convicted for her role in trying to cover up the crime
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- A German cruise liner said Tuesday it plans to fly its passengers over the Gulf of Aden , instead of sailing them through , out of fear of pirate attacks in the region . U.S. Navy image of pirates operating off coast of Somalia in October this year . Hapag-Lloyd Cruises said all 246 passengers and most of the crew aboard the MS Columbus , currently at the start of an around-the-world cruise , will disembark at an undisclosed port , then fly to Dubai to continue their journey . The company called the move a precautionary measure . Pirate attacks in the waters off Somalia have shot up this year , with pirates staging increasingly bolder attacks on ever-bigger targets . So far this year , pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off Somalia 's coast and successfully hijacked nearly 40 , according to the International Maritime Bureau . Freight and cargo ships , cruise liners , and private yachts have all come under attack . In many hijackings , pirates take the crew and passengers hostage while they demand a ransom . The problem has forced companies like Hapag-Lloyd , that use the Gulf of Aden , to make new plans , including stepping up security or changing their routes . One shipping company announced last month it would bypass the region altogether , sailing instead around the Cape of Good Hope and adding thousands of kilometers to its voyages . Read more about how to solve the pirate problem here . Hapag-Lloyd said a general travel warning for the area , issued by the German Foreign Ministry , played a part in the decision . But the company also said it had asked the German government for naval protection and the request was turned down . Representatives of Hapag-Lloyd and the German Defense Ministry could not immediately be reached for further comment . The passengers on board the Columbus began the first leg of their world cruise November 28 in Genoa , Italy and are due in Dubai on December 17 , according to Hapag-Lloyd 's Web site . Further stops include Singapore , Bali , Indonesia and Sydney , Australia . Hapag-Lloyd said that after the passengers and most of the crew disembark , the Columbus will sail through the Gulf of Aden with a skeleton staff . The passengers will stay in a five-star hotel in Dubai for three days until the Columbus arrives to take them back onboard , the company said . Both the crew and passengers approve of the safety measure , Hapag-Lloyd said . The U.S. State Department and British Foreign Office advise those traveling near the Somali coast to use extreme caution because of the recent pirate attacks . Last week , the Australian government issued a similar warning about travel to the region . The advice also urged Australian ships "  to apply a robust and layered protective security regime " when traveling through the area . -- CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Passengers will fly to Dubai to continue their journey Hapag-Lloyd : Involves 246 passengers , most of crew aboard MS Columbus Prompted by travel warning for the area issued by German Foreign Ministry United States , UK advise those traveling near Somali coast to use extreme caution
Casey Kasem 's children are taking their fight against their stepmom to see their ailing father all the way to court . Kasem 's daughter Julie Kasem and her husband filed a conservatorship petition in a Los Angeles court Monday , claiming the retired radio host "  has been isolated from his daughters , friends and other family " by his wife . Kasem , who for decades hosted radio music countdown shows "  American Top 40 " and "  Casey 's Top 40 , " is suffering from Parkinson 's disease and "  may have early onset Parkinson 's dementia , " according to the court filing . He retired in 2009 . Kasem , 81 , has the "  ability to shuffle short distances , but is mainly bedridden and requires the assistance of a wheelchair to move any distance , " the court document said . The petition claims that daughter Julie Kasem and her husband , Dr. Jamil Aboulhosn , have been unable to check on Kasem 's health even though her father signed papers in 2007 giving them the power of attorney over his heath care in the event he was unable to make his own health decisions . They "  have been prevented from exercising their duties " by Jean Kasem , who has been married to the retired radio host for three decades , the filing contends . "  There is no communication between Jean and us and his daughters , " brother Mouner Kasem told CNN Saturday . "  We have no knowledge of how he is , what he 's doing , if he 's better , if he 's worse , and we 're scared that we 'll never see him again . " The petition claims Kasem 's wife has refused to provide the children with the name of their father 's primary care physician . That doctor would be consulted to determine Kasem 's "  ability to act on his own behalf , " which is the question that would cause the health care power of attorney to take effect , it said . A hearing date is set for November 19 . Daughter Kerri Kasem told CNN that her stepmother suddenly barred her sister , her uncle and some of Kasem 's friends from seeing him about three months ago . She 's perplexed by the decision . "  I do n't get it , I do n't understand it , " Kerri Kasem , who co-hosts the radio show "  Sixx Sense " with Motley Crue 's Nikki Sixx , told CNN . "  He has Parkinson 's , and all the research we 've done indicates socialization would help him . " CNN has reached out to get a statement from Jean Kasem , but has been unsuccessful . Kerri Kasem and other members of the family held a protest at Kasem 's Holmby Hills house to raise public attention to their dispute last week . The fight is not about an inheritance , Kerri Kasem said . "  My dad told us a long time ago we were not in the will , and we 're OK with that . We 've known that for years , " she said . "  I 've never asked him for anything , nor have I asked Jean for anything . " Don Pitts , Kasem 's agent of more than 35 years , said he did not want to take sides in the argument , but he did say Casey is still of sound mind . "  He has Parkinson 's , has it very bad . It took his speech , and for somebody who made millions of dollars using his voice -- for him to lose that gift , that beautiful instrument -- it must be frustrating . But he 's handling it very well , " Pitts said . "  His mind is very sharp , his brain works well . You can tell in his eyes he understands everything you 're saying . He just has trouble translating it from the brain to his vocal cords . " Besides the famed countdown shows , Casey Kasem was also the voice of Shaggy in the cartoon "  Scooby Doo " and an announcer for NBC . He was a popular DJ and occasional actor before "  American Top 40 " began in 1970 . The kings of the radio : All-time great DJs	Kasem 's daughters claim his wife is isolating the retired radio host from family and friends "  We 're scared that well never see him again , " Kasem 's brother tells CNN Kasem ca n't speak and "  may have early onset Parkinson 's dementia , " a filing says He retired in 2009 after decades of hosting radio 's "  American Top 40 "
Lonely Planet  -- While many visitors to Canada -- especially those who think Canadians live under a permanent blanket of snow -- are surprised to learn that wine is produced in Canada , their suspicion is always tempered after a drink or two . Canada 's wines have gained ever-greater kudos in recent years and while smaller-scale production and the industry dominance of other wine regions means they 'll never be a global market leader , there are some truly lip-smacking surprises waiting for thirsty grape lovers . The best way to sample any wine is to head straight to the source , where you can taste the region in the glass . You wo n't want to miss the multitude of top table wineries in Ontario 's Niagara region or British Columbia 's Okanagan Valley -- the country 's leading producers -- but a visit to the smaller , often rustic wineries of Québec and the charming boutique operations of Nova Scotia and Vancouver Island 's Cowichan Valley can be just as rewarding . Wherever your tipple-craving crawl takes you  with a designated driver of course  , drink widely and deeply and prepare to be surprised . And make sure you have plenty of room in your suitcase -- packing materials are always available , but you 'll probably drink everything before you make it to the airport anyway . Regional Wine List Depending on how thirsty you are , you 're rarely too far from a wine region in Canada . Which means that most visitors can easily add a mini tasting tour to their visit if they 'd like to meet a few producers and sample some intriguing local flavors . Here 's a rundown of the best areas , including the magnum-sized larger regions and the thimble-sized smaller locales : Lonely Planet : In vino veritas : Italy 's regional wines Okanagan Valley The rolling hills of this lakeside BC region are well worth the five-hour drive from Vancouver . Studded among the vine-striped slopes are more than 100 wineries enjoying a diverse climate that fosters both crisp whites and bold reds . With varietals including pinot noir , pinot gris , pinot blanc , merlot and chardonnay , there 's a wine here to suit almost every palate . Most visitors base themselves in Kelowna , the Okanagan 's wine capital , before fanning out to well-known blockbuster wineries like Mission Hill , Quail 's Gate , Cedar Creek and Summerhill Pyramid Winery  yes , it has a pyramid  . Many of them also have excellent vista-hugging restaurants . Find out more about BC 's wine regions and annual festivals -- and download free touring maps -- at www.winebc.com . Golden Mile Some of BC 's best Okanagan wineries are centered south of the valley around the historic town of Oliver , where the Golden Mile 's hot climate fosters a long , warm growing season . Combined with gravel , clay and sandy soils , this area is ideally suited to varietals like merlot , chardonnay , gewürztraminer and cabernet sauvignon . While the 20 or so wineries here are not actually crammed into one mile -- it 's more like 20 kilometers -- the proximity of celebrated producers like Burrowing Owl , Tinhorn Creek and Road 13 Vineyards makes this an ideal touring area . And if you 're still thirsty , continue south to Osoyoos and check out Nk ` Mip Cellars , a First Nations winery on the edge of a desert . Vancouver Island Long-established as a farming area , Vancouver Island 's verdant Cowichan Valley is also home to some great little wineries . A short drive from Victoria , you 'll find Averill Creek , Blue Grouse , Cherry Point Vineyards and Venturie-Schulze . Also consider Merridale Estate Cidery , which produces six celebrated ciders on its gently-sloped orchard grounds . For information on the wineries here , visit www.wineislands.ca . Niagara Peninsula This picture-perfect Ontario region of country inns and charming old towns offers more than 60 wineries and grows more than three-quarters of Canada 's grapes . Neatly divided between the low-lying Niagara-on-the-Lake area and the higher Niagara Escarpment , its complex mix of soils and climates -- often likened to the Loire Valley -- is ideal for chardonnay , riesling , pinot noir and cabernet-franc varietals . This is also the production center for Canadian icewine , that potently sweet dessert drink made from grapes frozen on the vine . Home to some of Canada 's biggest and best wineries , including Inniskillin , Jackson-Triggs and Peller Estates , do n't miss smaller pit-stops like Magnotta and Cave Spring Cellars in the Escarpment area . Lonely Planet : Tripping California Wine Country Prince Edward County Proving that not all of Ontario 's wineries are clustered in Niagara , this comparatively new grape-growing region -- located in the province 's southeastern corner and almost three hours drive from Toronto -- is a charming alternative if you want to avoid the tour buses winding through the main wine area . A long-established fruit-growing district with generally lower temperatures than Niagara , cooler-climate wines are favored here -- including chardonnay and pinot noir . The most intriguing wineries include Closson Chase , Black Prince Winery and Grange of Prince Edward . If your taste buds are piqued , consider checking out other Ontario wine regions like Pelee Island and Lake Erie North Shore . Eastern Townships Starting around 80 km southeast of Montréal , this idyllic patchwork farmland region in Québec is studded with quiet villages , leafy woodlands , crystal clear lakes and winding countryside roads . A rising tide of wineries has joined the traditional farm operations here in recent years , with rieslings and chardonnays particularly suited to the area 's cool climate and soil conditions . But it 's the local icewines , dessert wines and fruit wines that are the area 's main specialties , so make sure you come with a sweet tooth . Wineries to perk up your taste-buds here include Domaine Félibre , Vignoble de L'Orpailleur and Vignoble le Cep d'Argent . Montérégie The dominant player in Québec 's wider Eastern Townships , this bumpy and bucolic area is packed with vineyards and orchards  not to mention a surfeit of maple groves  . A major fruit farming region -- this is an ideal spot to try ciders and flavor-packed fruit wines -- growers here are happy to try just about any red or white varietal , but it 's their rosés that are particularly memorable . Recommended wineries include Domaine St-Jacques , Les Petits Cailloux and Vignoble des Pins ; and keep in mind that Québec restaurants often encourage diners to bring their own bottles , so fill your car as you explore the region . Nova Scotia Divided into six boutique wine-producing regions -- from the warm shoreline of Northumberland Strait to the verdant Annapolis Valley -- Nova Scotia 's two-dozen wineries are mostly just a couple of hours drive from big city Halifax . One of the world 's coldest grape-growing areas , cool-climate whites are a staple here , including a unique varietal known as l'Acadie Blanc . Innovative sparkling wines are a Nova Scotia specialty and they tend to dominate the drops that are on offer at the popular stops such as the excellent Benjamin Bridge Vineyards . Other highly recommended destinations to fill up your glass include Gaspereau Vineyards , Jost Vineyards and Domaine De Grand Pre . Lonely Planet : Top 10 Canadian adventures © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Canada 's wines have gained ever-greater kudos in recent years You 're rarely too far from a wine region in Canada Prince Edward County , a comparatively new grape-growing region , is a charming alternative to Niagara
Pristina , Kosovo  CNN  -- Kosovo 's prime minster lashed out at critics Monday over a recent report alleging that officials may have stolen organs from prisoners of war and political rivals , calling it "  pure fabrication . " European authorities charged in a report released last week that executives who control the country may have stolen organs when the Kosovo Liberation Army was fighting Serbian forces in the late 1990s . "  It is a political accusation based on no facts or proof , " Prime Minister Hashim Thaci said . "  Therefore , it is a pure fabrication . " The report says Thaci , a former leader of the Kosovo Liberation Army , was the "  boss " of a prominent faction in the militia that "  apparently wrested control " of "  illicit criminal enterprises " from rivals across the border in Albania . "  Numerous indications seem to confirm that ... organs were removed from some prisoners ... to be taken abroad for transplantation , " read the report . It suggested that illegal organ trafficking continued after the war ended . And links between "  criminal activity " and "  certain KLA militia leaders ... has continued , albeit in other forms , until today , " the report charges . Thaci said he is looking into all legal and political possibilities to correct what he sees as the report 's inaccuracies . It was not immediately clear what action he planned to take . "  It is a lie for which Dick Marty will be accountable , " the prime minister said of the author of the draft report . Nearly 1,900 people who disappeared during the conflict still have not been found , and another 500 disappeared after NATO troops arrived in June 1999 , according to Marty . The report is based partially on investigations by European Union officials and was written for the Council of Europe 's Committee on Legal Affairs and Human Rights . European Union officials in Kosovo have said that anyone with concrete evidence of war crimes or organized crime should step forward . Kosovo was a province of Serbia but declared independence in 2008 . About 70 countries have recognized the declaration , but Serbia does not , and international organizations including the United Nations and European Union continue to have administrators in Kosovo . The Council of Europe , an organization with 47 member countries , seeks to promote democracy and human rights . The council 's parliament plans to debate the report in January . "  This  report  of course is a blow  for Kosovo  , but this challenge will be overcome because it has nothing in common with the truth , and the truth is that Kosovo is a story of success , " Thaci said .	Prime Minister Hashim Thaci says the report is "  pure fabrication " It says authorities may have stolen organs from prisoners of war and political rivals European Union officials have asked anyone with evidence of crimes to step forward "  Kosovo is a story of success , " Thaci says
Mogilnoye , Ukraine  CNN  -- In the Ukraine house where she grew up , Oksana Balinskaya 's hazel eyes transfixed on television images of Moammar Gadhafi . He was now a fallen leader , a fugitive sought for justice . He had been known as the ruthless leader of a pariah state , a butcher , a delusional man divorced from reality . But Balinskaya , 25 , who served as one of Gadhafi 's five Ukrainian nurses for nearly two years , had always seen him in a different light . She had checked his blood pressure , monitored his heart , stuck him with a needle to draw blood , gave him vitamins and pills for his ailments , though he did n't seem to have many . He was a healthy man . She even called him "  Daddy . " All the Ukrainian nurses did . It was a nickname they used to speak about him among themselves , without attracting attention . "  Daddy gave us jobs , money and a good life , " she said . Far removed now from the sands of Libya , Balinskaya sat at the kitchen table with her Serbian husband , looking upward at the boxy TV set atop the refrigerator . Images of Gadhafi 's fiery defiance flashed in the face of ouster . She would feel sorry for him if he were killed or captured , she said . "  Gadhafi was quite considerate to us , " she said . "  He would ask us whether we are happy and whether we have everything that we need . " Every September , on the anniversary of his rise to power , Gadhafi presented souvenirs to his Ukrainian nurses and other members of his inner circle . Balinskaya received a medallion and a watch etched with his picture . She took turns with the other nurses accompanying him on foreign trips , sometimes sparking rumors spread in the media about Gadhafi 's harem . All of what was being said about Gadhafi seemed contrary to what she knew about the man -- including the allegations by Gadhafi family nannies and domestic staff that they were tortured and abused . Gadhafi , she said , always treated her very well . Her job now lost to Libya 's civil war , she pitied the nation . "  If it were not for Gadhafi , who else would have built it ? " she said . "  It was he who constructed it . He has transferred Libyans from camelbacks into cars . " The rules were strict : No lipstick By the time Gadhafi visited Ukraine in October 2009 , Balinskaya had graduated from nursing school in Kiev and been working in the area of her native Mogilnoye for three years . But life was not easy in Ukraine ; she was making only $ 125 a month . She knew of opportunities in Libya and had already submitted an application for work there . It was an opportunity to make a better life for herself . Salaries were higher in Libya and she would receive housing and other perks . She had been waiting for about a month to hear back when Gadhafi arrived on his state visit to Ukraine . A meeting was arranged for him to meet six personal nurse candidates . Balinskaya was one of them . She knew little about Gadhafi then and felt nervous at their first meeting . Three of the six nurses had already worked in Libya and knew Arabic . Balinskaya thought she did not have a chance . Gadhafi greeted them but Balinskaya found nothing special in the selection process . "  I do n't know how he made the choice ; perhaps he was a good psychologist , " she said . She learned later that he understood people from that first handshake , from that first gaze into their eyes . Soon , she was on her way to Tripoli . Her job was solely to treat Gadhafi and his large family . The rules were strict . The attractive Ukrainian nurses wore no flashy makeup or revealing clothes . "  Our appearance was very humble so as to not attract anybody 's attention , " she said . "  We would never put on lipstick going to his house and have vivid colors in our clothes . " She was always surrounded by others -- Gadhafi 's wife , children , grandchildren , officials within his inner circle . "  None of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said . "  There was n't even a single room in his household where we could have possibly been left alone with him . " That 's why she was shocked by the gossip that Gadhafi had sexual relationships with his foreign nurses . Veteran Ukrainian nurse , Galina Kolonitskaya , 38 , who had worked with Gadhafi for nearly a decade , was described in a U.S. diplomatic cable posted by WikiLeaks as a "  voluptuous blonde " who "  knows his routine . " It said the Libyan dictator was deeply attached to her . "  Galina was the same kind of nurse as we all were , " Balinskaya said . "  She is of course a glamorous and very kind woman with a big heart . She helped me a lot . "  I do n't know who created this image about us nurses , as well as about his female bodyguards , " she said . "  How could anyone in sane mind assume that we could have had any intimate relationship with Gadhafi ? " Hoping to return to Libya Both Balinskaya and Kolonitskaya left Libya in February when the uprising against Gadhafi took root . But it was not just the threat of war that prompted Balinskaya to leave . She was pregnant then and had started showing . She returned to her native Mogilnoye , a village south of Kiev . Her husband Dejan , a 38-year-old Serbian businessman , joined her there . A month ago , as Gadhafi 's regime teetered , Balinskaya gave birth to a baby boy . Journalists were also eager to hear Kolonitskaya 's tales of Gadhafi , lining up at her apartment door . But she has avoided publicity . "  All that gossip about her is untrue , " Balinskaya said . "  She was totally fed up . There was too much attention on her for no reason . " The nurses , she said , had no personal relationship with Gadhafi . "  I can only say good things about him , " she said , thinking of the comfortable life she had in Libya , dreaming of how to make it happen again . "  I very much hope that we will return to Libya , " she said , flipping through an album with photographs of herself in Libya . Only , it will be a different Libya now . One without Gadhafi . Without "  Daddy . " CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko reported from Mogilnoye , Ukraine , and Moni Basu reported from Atlanta .	Oksana Balinskaya worked as a personal nurse to Moammar Gadhafi She says he treated her well ; was kind and considerate Talk of a sexual relationship between Gadhafi and his foreign nurses is untrue , she says Gadhafi gave her a good life , one she dreams about having again
CNN  -- In all the toing and froing that we have seen in recent weeks surrounding match-fixing -- the Europol press conference that announced more than 680 suspicious football matches worldwide and the banning of 33 players and officials for life in China -- one question has been largely overlooked : just how do you actually fix a football game ? After all , football is not a sport like cricket with stops and starts . It 's a team game with an ebb and flow that should make it very difficult to fix . But according to the European police investigators , the fixers and dodgy sporting people were able to successfully manipulate hundreds of games -- so how did they actually arrange these corrupted matches ? In essence , there are three ways and the first is the old stand-by of a dodgy referee . There have always been officials who are willing to corrupt matches . I showed in my book "  The Fix : Soccer & Organized Crime , " that there is a long tradition in some countries of clubs providing referees with sexual bribes before matches : good-looking young women who suddenly found the men in black irresistibly attractive . The next morning , club officials would drop a gentle word about ' "  ocal hospitality " and the official , who was often married , knew that they had to provide a "  well-refereed " match for the host team . The problem with that method is that it is very difficult for referees to deliver a fixed match . They can give away needless penalties and red cards , but in the end their capacity to actually affect a match is limited . A second method is gathering four or five players in a team to throw a match . The advantage to this scam is that it actually makes identifying a fix very difficult for a spectator . You have six players running around trying as hard as they can ; and you have five players pretending to run around trying as hard as they can . This way an outsider finds it extraordinarily difficult to figure out what is going on . All they see is 11 players who may or may not be making mistakes honestly . All of whom are swearing and cursing the moment anything goes wrong . Who is on the fix or even if there is a fix occurring is very difficult to tell . The most pernicious method , and most effective , is when a fixer can get a club owner to fix matches . The Europol investigators spoke about this during their conference . There are dodgy club owners in Europe who will begin a season by looking at the 40 or so games in the league , and think , "  Right we will try to win these 30 matches , and we will lose these 10 . " Morally it is a terrible thing to do . Financially , however , it makes excellent sense . Knowing that they will lose those specific 10 matches , the club owners will bet against their team and make more money losing those matches , then in winning all the other games . Last year FIFPro , the umbrella group of professional footballers ' unions , conducted a survey where they spoke to over 3,000 European players about their working conditions and the possibility of corruption in the sport . The results were so shocking that FIFPro entitled the results of their survey "  The Black Book of Football . " In the report , players spoke frequently of intimidation and threats to ensure that entire teams fixed matches . And that intimidation was often coming from the owners of the teams . If corruption exists at a club , it makes it very easy to fix a match . A club owner simply has to walk into a dressing room and say , "  Right , lads . Today , you will lose the match . If you do not lose you will not get your salary for the last few months . " In those cases , all the players have to do is make sure the spectators do not notice and they have a successful fix . All this is not to say that every game is fixed . The situation is far better in Europe then Asia . In that continent , there are entire leagues like - the Chinese and South Korean -- that have had to be shut down for months while mass arrests were conducted before the sports could continue . It is to say , though , that unless serious measures are taken the world 's game will be very , very badly affected .	Shanghai Shenhua stripped of 2003 and fined 33 people handed life bans including four former Chinese internationals Evidence of match-fixing found in two European Champions League matches , says Europol 680 games including World Cup and European Championship qualifiers deemed suspicious
CNN  -- Wimbledon holds a special place in the tennis calendar , an elegant tournament rich with tradition , style and sporting majesty . The modern era of the men 's game there has been defined by the legacy of Pete Sampras , who won a record seven titles in eight years . However , it was not exactly love at first sight for the confident young American , who -- despite winning his first grand slam at the age of 19 -- suffered early exits in his first three visits to the famous grass-court venue . "  I did n't like grass at all and when people ask me about grass and when I first went over there , I tell them I hated Wimbledon . I hated the surface , " he told CNN . Calendar of the court : The six seasons of the tennis year But , speaking to Open Court 's Pat Cash , a fellow Wimbledon champion , Sampras quickly qualified his remarks . "  I loved Wimbledon and what it meant , but the surface felt uncomfortable . I just did n't like it , I was a hard-court guy , a Californian kid . "  On hard courts the ball is going to be just there , but with grass you have to adjust , so the first two , three years I had to adjust and came out with a bad attitude . " Sampras paid tribute to his former coach Tim Gullikson , who tragically lost his life to brain cancer in 1996 . The ` owner ' of Wimbledon "  He helped me . I had these long swings , and he shortened them up and told me my attitude had to be more positive at Wimbledon , " the 40-year-old recalled . The fruits of their labors came in 1992 when Sampras advanced to the semifinals before being beaten by big-serving Croatian Goran Ivanisevic , who subsequently lost to Andre Agassi in the final . Success was just around the corner the following year . "  Mentally I felt better . By '92 I felt really comfortable , I was the owner of the place for the next seven years . " Only a quarterfinal defeat to eventual winner Richard Kracijek in 1996 interrupted an incredible run which saw Sampras claim seven of the next eight Wimbledon crowns . His 1999 victory in the final over Agassi in straight sets was rated one of his best performances as he demolished his arch-rival . "  That sixth Wimbledon  title  against Andre I got in the zone , " he said . "  I felt if I was serving well , I would do well , get into the net , be aggressive . It was bit more high risk , I was okay with that . " In 2001 , Sampras was beaten in the fourth round by a youthful Roger Federer as he sought an eighth Wimbledon title , and he retired the following year after winning the U.S. Open in fairytale fashion . He is still involved in tennis and plays the occasional exhibition or seniors Champions Tour event , but spends most of his time with his wife Bridgette Wilson and their two children at his home in California . Federer domination Federer began his era of domination in 2003 , but the 16-time grand slam champion is still one short of the Wimbledon record held by Sampras -- whose tally is matched only by the seven won by Britain 's William Renshaw in the tournament 's formative years of the 1880s . Sampras believes that the Swiss maestro can still claim another , but he may struggle with world No. 1 Novak Djokovic -- who he was to face in Friday 's semifinals -- and Rafael Nadal in their prime . "  Roger needs to find a way to be creative , stick to his game and serve and volley now and again , " Sampras said . "  He 's won 16 majors in a certain way , he 's not going to change now . " The task of giving Federer advice falls to his current coach Paul Annacone , who also guided Sampras in the latter part of his career . The American acknowledges the difference in their playing styles but told CNN that both shared a key ingredient to success . "  Both these guys are superstars in regards to handling pressure , " Annacone said . Sampras accepts that his style of big serving and volleying at Wimbledon is from a bygone era , and he regrets its passing . "  It 's sad to see Wimbledon today with the players staying back , with the balls being different , but grass is grass -- you can still get into the net but it 's a lost art , and it 's unfortunate . "	Pete Sampras admits he "  hated " playing on Wimbledon 's grass in his early years American legend took time to adapt to the bounce of the London surface Sampras won seven titles from 1993-2000 as he dominated at SW19 Roger Federer is still bidding to equal the men 's record held by Sampras
Your Facebook "  likes " might be revealing more than you know about your private life . It is possible to predict potentially private traits such as a person 's sexual orientation , political leanings , religion , intelligence , emotional stability and even if they abuse drugs or alcohol , just by analyzing their Facebook likes , according to a new study out of the University of Cambridge . Liking something on Facebook is a simple , almost mindless way to pass time on the social networking site , which says it has more than a billion users worldwide . With one click , people can "  like " pages -- for brands , public figures , memes , music and groups -- as well as articles , photos or status updates from their friends . But that quick action can be a powerful statement . "  Facebook likes have a meaning that we can use to understand the psychology behind what people do , " says David Stillwell , a co-author of the study . Researchers looked at the Facebook profiles and likes , along with surveys and personality tests , for 58,466 individuals . Using that data , they developed a model that predicts personal attributes from Facebook likes with impressive accuracy . It has the best luck categorizing people as Caucasian or African-American  95 % accuracy  , followed by gender , male sexuality , Democratic or Republican leanings , and detecting Christians and Muslims . One of more unusual categories was whether a person 's parents had split before they turned 21 , which had a relatively low 60 % level of accuracy  still high enough to benefit advertisers , noted the researchers  . These people were more more likely to like statements about relationships , such as "  If I 'm with you then I 'm with you . I do n't want anybody else , " and "  I 'm sorry I love you . " "  It gives us a poignant insight into the effects that parental breakup has on children even after they grow up , " says Stillwell . The likes themselves are a combination of obvious and baffling . Liking "  Kathy Griffin , " "  Juicy Couture , " or the musical "  Wicked " were found to be strong indicators that a man was gay , while liking sports-related topics , "  Bruce Lee " and "  Being Confused After Waking Up From Naps " were more popular with straight men , according to the the study . A person 's Facebook likes can also be used to predict intelligence , say the researchers . Liking "  The Daily Show , " "  science , " "  Morgan Freeman 's Voice " and the mysterious "  Curly Fries " indicates someone is highly intelligent . Lower intelligence was suggested by likes for "  Clark Griswold , " "  Harley-Davidson " and "  Bret Michaels , " according to the study . Likes for "  beerpong , " "  Chris Tucker " and "  cheerleading " were strong predictors of an extrovert while "  role playing games , " "  Anime " and "  Voltaire " pointed to introverted personality types . "  Kurt Donald Cobain " and "  Vampires Everywhere " indicated neurotic personalities , "  Wes Anderson " and "  serial killer " were liked by spontaneous people , and competitive types liked "  Sun Tzu " and "  I hate everyone . " Researchers are opening up the tool to everyone so they can get a peek at their own personal results . People can check out what their Facebook likes say about them by visiting YouAreWhatYouLike.com and logging in with their Facebook profile . The site does an instant personality test and rates how open , stable , agreeable , extroverted and conscientious a person is . While the data is analyzed by researchers to improve the overall test , any personal information is stripped out . Do n't try judging friends based on individual likes , however . Researchers looked at all of a person 's likes to make their predictions , and even then the tool is n't perfect . "  It 's like meeting someone for a blind date : If you just ask one question then you ca n't make an accurate judgment about them . But once you 've had an hour-long conversation about their favorite hobbies , interests , brands , and celebrities , then you can start to have some confidence in who they are , " says Stillwell . The more likes a person has made , the easier it is to accurately predict these larger nuggets of information about their personalities . Profiles used in this study had anywhere from one to 500 likes on the social network , though the average number of things people liked was 170 . The data was collected by a site called myPersonality , which turns serious data gathering for academic research purposes into fun quizzes . A similar MIT experiment in 2009 predicted whether people were gay based on who they had friended on Facebook . At the time , the concept of deducting potentially private information about someone was more shocking . These days , it 's becoming more common and expected . Stillwell says companies are already using these kinds of machine-learning models to make connections , though the companies may not know that they 're measuring IQ or extroversion . Companies like Google and Facebook decide what ads to show people by using scraps of information they gather as users go about their regular browsing and clicking routines . Amazon recommends products by looking at a customer 's Amazon browsing history and past purchases . The next step is connecting all the dots and gathering clues about a person to create a more complete picture of who they are . There are potential positive benefits , such as custom recommendations for movies and restaurants based on your location and what you 've enjoyed in the past , or ads that only pitch products you might actually want to buy . But there is also a loss of privacy when data is collected about people without their permission . Gleaning potentially sensitive information about someone that is n't explicitly shared , such as sexual orientation or drug use , could be abused by companies as well as governments and potential employers . "  My biggest concern is that people do not realize what is possible , so they think that frivolous behaviors such as liking something can not possibly say anything important about them , " says Stillwell .	New study uses Facebook likes to predict private personality traits such as sexuality The technology could be used for more customized online services in the future But there is also great potential to abuse this kind of information
WIRED  -- Apple 's latest OS X update , Mountain Lion , adds a slate of new features , nearly all derived from iOS 5 . There 's one big omission , however : Siri , Apple 's voice-controlled virtual assistant , does not make the migration from mobile to desktop . Now , technically , Siri is n't a part of iOS 5 . It 's marketed as the most game-changing feature of the iPhone 4S  which runs iOS 5  , and Apple has remained mum on whether Siri will ever be ported to other devices -- this to the pique of independent developers who 've hacked the feature to run on everything from the iPod touch to thermostats . Clearly , Siri is Apple 's most celebrated user feature . And , clearly , there 's interest to see it appear on other Apple devices . Indeed , companies throughout the consumer tech industry are exploring novel new user interface models , including voice-control and gesture-control . But porting Siri to Mountain Lion desktops would pose several challenges . Apple was smart to leave it out of the latest desktop update , and here 's why . Microphone logistics Microphone positioning on MacBooks and iMacs would present technical challenges for any Siri desktop port . The iPhone is designed to be held up to your face , and has a built-in mic that includes advanced noise reduction technology to ensure your voice is heard loud and clear , while street noise and the nearby guy shouting into his phone are n't picked up . In part , this is accomplished by using two microphones : one near your mouth to pick up your voice , and another near the headphone jack to identify and cancel out background noise . Yes , your MacBook Pro has an omnidirectional microphone built-in . It 's very convenient for using FaceTime in conjunction with the notebook 's camera , or for the speech recognition function built into Macs for OS control . The omnidirectional mic , however , does n't offer the same voice-processing sensitivity of the iPhone 4 ′ s dual-mic arrangement . All told , Siri voice analysis would be far more challenging on a Mac computer , particularly when other voices or noises are in the room . Granted , using an external mic , or even the mic on your throwaway iDevice earbuds , could provide a solution . But even though Siri is still considered a beta product , Apple would n't resort to such an inelegant hack just to put Siri on Macs . "  Apple has been reluctant to put in features that require something like that , " Forrester analyst Frank Gillett told Wired . "  It 's too fussy for what they like to do . Current speech-recognition products work pretty well if you wear a special high-quality microphone . What 's very clear is they need the mic on your face , right by your lips . " Location detection Siri is all about location-awareness . She wants to give you directions , provide local weather reports , and locate the closest sources of exotic cuisine . But desktop computers do n't include native GPS . "  I think the main challenge -LSB- in bringing Siri to Mountain Lion -RSB- would be the lack of an accurate location being available , " said William Tunstall-Pedoe , CEO of True Knowledge , which has developed a Siri clone called Evi . What 's more , as Tunstall-Pedoe points out , desktop computers are relatively stationary devices , so a Mac version of Siri may not even need location-awareness , as a large portion of Siri 's talents would never be engaged . All of which begs the question , If a good portion of Siri 's functionality is n't even germane to the desktop experience , why even deliver a port ? While MacBooks do n't currently include GPS services , various web services  like Google Maps  can figure out your location by using either IP geolocation , or by triangulating your position based on WiFi networks around you . These strategies , however , deliver location accuracy limited to about 150 feet , whereas GPS can peg you within 10 feet of your precise position on the Earth . Future MacBooks could easily include GPS chip built-in for more exact positioning , but for now , laptop and desktop geolocation capabilities are n't accurate -- or even that necessary . Hands-free voice control is n't needed People tend to use Siri because their hands are tied , like when driving . Thus , "  Siri , where 's the nearest gas station ? " With Siri , you can find the answer quickly , and relatively safely , while keeping your eyes on the road . But these basic use cases just do n't transfer to the desktop . "  I think it is fair to say that the advantages that a voice-powered assistant give are stronger on a small mobile device , " Tunstall-Pedoe said . "  PCs typically have a much larger screen and a keyboard and mouse . " Or , in Apple 's case , a trackpad or Magic Trackpad instead of a mouse , depending if you 're on a laptop or desktop . Either way , hand-driven data entry is a familiar -- and generally effective -- method for using today 's computers . What 's more , as Tunstall-Pedoe points out , "  PCs are also often used in environments where the use of voice would be awkward , " such as inside an open floor plan office . Granted , if you 're disabled or injured , you could certainly make use of a hands-free feature . But in these cases , you would probably want a tool more robust than Siri . Which brings us to our next point : Limited use cases With Siri , you can do things like schedule reminders , look up restaurant and business information on Yelp , get information from Wolfram | Alpha , and ask general search engine-style queries . That 's not a large number of functions , and they 're not specifically suited to the desktop environment . Indeed , why would you have Siri look up something when you can more quickly run your own Google search ? "  On the iPhone , people want to do short things , like quick dictation and sending a quick text message , " Gillette says . The use cases would be different on a Mac , and not necessarily centered around short phrases . Siri 's capabilities would need to expand in order to handle these different functions . Always-on data Lastly , Siri needs a constant data connection in order to interface with Apple 's servers . Until MacBooks include a built-in 3G , or more likely , 4G data connection , WiFi alone wo n't cut it for consistent , high-quality network availability , Gillett says . Gillett also believes Siri ties into unique hardware features that make chatter between one 's device and Apple 's data center more streamlined . "  There seems to be special silicon within a special chip that has capabilities for voice recognition that a Mac would n't have , " he said . Gillett notes that Siri is sometimes able to analyze a query and provide a response extremely quickly , while other times , it takes 10 to 15 seconds of processing . "  I think the chip does some pre-analysis , shrinks stuff it has to send , Apple 's data center gets a crunched answer , and Siri displays it on screen , " Gillett said . "  Apple may be working on Siri-enabling features -LSB- for Macs -RSB- in the future , but there will be some hardware enhancements to go with it , " Gillett said . "  And they 'll think long and hard about the use case before they implement a voice feature in the Mac . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Apple has remained mum on whether Siri will ever be ported to other devices Putting Siri to Mountain Lion desktops would pose several challenges Siri voice analysis would be far more challenging on a Mac computer Siri is all about location services and desktop computers do n't include native GPS
CNNGo  -- It is the curse of every curious traveler -- you 're walking through a new town and you can sense the history , you can smell the restaurant , you can hear the train you 're meant to catch , but you have no idea how to get there or discover more . Thank heavens for augmented reality . Now , with apps that cost from nothing to a few bucks , you can lay digital worlds over the top of the real world through your phone 's camera view . Suddenly data on hotels , restaurants , shop offers , landmarks , social gaming , even menu translations , is at your fingertips . Here are 10 fantastic AR apps that every traveler should know about . 1 . Wikitude Price : Free Platforms : Android 1.5 + , iPhone 4.0 , Symbian with compass , Bada Download link : http://www.wikitude.org/en/dedownloadendownload Voted the best augmented reality browser of 2010 by readers of Augmented Planet , Wikitude comes with a multitude of "  worlds " that can be overlayed onto the real world that you see through your mobile device 's camera . For example , the Starbucks World shows you if any Starbucks cafes are in the direction you 're pointing your camera . Check out all the various worlds you can access , including World Heritage List , Wildlife Parks in Asia , Irish Pubs Worldwide and more , by clicking here . CNNGo : 10 best travel apps ever 2 . Layar : ArchINFORM Price : Free Platforms : Android 1.5 + , iPhone 3.1 + Download link : www.layar.com/download A nifty AR layer for architecture buffs . ArchINFORM is available as a real-world-overlay on Junaio , Layar and Wikitude , but Layar 's version comes with special features . It 's a huge database of interesting architectural works , existing and yet-to-be-built , that you can search for with architect names and/or keywords . Within the 3D layer , there 's an AR-view perspective map and a walkable pedestrian route can be shown for every listed piece of architecture within the specified neighborhood . 3 . Lonely Planet Compass City Guides Price : $ 4.99 Platforms : All Android Download link : Available in the Android Market This is for those who travel by the Lonely Planet gospel , but ca n't be bothered to lug around their tomes . Now all their expert advice for 25 key cities around the world is available on an Android screen complete with GPS-enabled maps and augmented reality camera views . Selected cities include Amsterdam , Bangkok , Boston , Istanbul , Prague , Seoul , Singapore , Sydney , Tokyo and Vancouver . CNNGo : DoCoMo 's Android-powered iPhone killer 4 . Etips City Guides Price : $ 0.99-4 .99 Platforms : iPhone 3.1 + Download link : iTunes.apple.com Etips provides daily itineraries as well as GPS-enabled maps and on-screen recommendations of nearby hot spots using the camera view . Etips provides 131 different apps for the iPhone and 49 different apps for the iPad , covering various cities worldwide . Bonus feature : even if you 're not connected to the Internet , much of the content is available offline . 5 . BuUuk Price : Free Platforms : All Android , iPhone 3.1 + , Symbian Download link : buuuk.com A restaurant recommendation app , not unlike Urbanspoon . You can find nearby restaurants in camera view as well as where special deals are available . The data is user generated  140 characters or fewer , with links to Twitter and Facebook  , and users can accompany their reviews with pictures . BuUuk covers primarily Asian cities , but is expanding with Sydney , Perth , Phuket and Jakarta being recent additions . 6 . Sekai Camera Price : Free Platforms : Android 2.1 + , iPhone 3.1 + Download link : sekaicamera.com Real-time air tagging , where air tagging means things people have written , photographed or said  using the voice message system  about stuff . These then float in your camera view like digital sticky labels . You can comment on others ' air tags or just view the info about nearby restaurants , hotels and so on . Sekai Camera also features augmented reality games through various Sekai apps such as Sekai Cafe AR , which allows you to "  build " an AR cafe in a real location and do business with other users . 7 . Metro AR Pro Price : $ 0.99 Platforms : iPhone 3.1 + Download link : itunes.apple.com Find the nearest metro or subway station in Seoul , Tokyo , New York , Chicago , Mexico , London or Paris . Granted , it 's possible to do this in Google Maps , but there 's something fun about seeing the stations floating in camera view with the distance from your current location indicated . 8 . Waalkz Price : Free Platforms : iPhone 3.0 + Download link : itunes.apple.com Download informative walking tours and let them guide you through Singapore 's heritage Arab Quarter , Boat Quay , Chinatown and Little India neighborhood . Check out the opium dens of old , sit in souk-like cafes , wander through temples and mosques . See sites pop up in camera view as you walk and once it 's downloaded there 's no need to be online to use it . Would be great to see this extended to other cities . 9 . iButterfly -- Coupon & Entertainment Price : Free Platforms : iPhone 3.1 +  Japan iTunes store only  Download link : itunes.apple.com An augmented reality game created by advertising agency Dentsu that allows users to catch and collect "  butterflies " that pop-up in camera view . Once caught , the butterflies release offers for nearby shops and restaurants as well as other informative content . Japan only at the moment , but soon to extended to the rest of Asia . 10 . Google Goggles in Google Mobile Price : Free Platforms : Android 1.6 + , iPhone 4.0 Download link : Android Market and iPhone Google Goggles is still in Google Labs stage , but this is a visual search app to watch . Take a picture of famous paintings , wine labels or bar codes among other things and Google Goggles will return information on the image captured . Of most practical use is the translation function . Photograph text  for example a menu item  in English , French , German , Italian or Spanish and have it translated into one of those other languages . While slower than Word Lens , it offers the capability to translate more languages . © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	Augmented reality allows you to lay digital worlds over the top of the real world Data on hotels , restaurants , landmarks and even menu translations is at your fingertips Wikitude was voted the best augmented reality browser of 2010
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When HIV-positive Winnie Sseruma was invited to speak on the subject at the United Nations in New York last June , she never expected that her condition would prevent her from obtaining a visa . HIV positive Winnie Sseruma was repeatedly questioned before being allowed into the United States . Winnie Sseruma has been living with the disease for over 20 years . Preparing for her trip , UK-based Winnie discovered that the United States was one of 70 countries worldwide that either banned or restricted inbound travel for people with HIV . "  I was told I needed to come to the U.S. embassy for an interview and bring a doctor 's letter stating I was fit to travel , " Sseruma , HIV coordinator for charity Christian Aid , told CNN . "  At first , the embassy told me that the first available appointment for my interview would be at a date past the U.N. High-level Meeting I was meant to attend . " Only when the U.N. intervened on Sseruma 's behalf was she granted an earlier interview date . Sseruma was relieved when she finally received her visa on time . But the hurdles were far from over . At the airport in New York , Sseruma was detained twice for further questioning . "  It was so humiliating , " Sseruma said . "  The immigration officers were asking me very personal questions about my health . " A month after Sseruma 's ordeal , the U.S. Senate passed the re-authorization of President Bush 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief  PEPFAR  , including an amendment to the ban on travel and immigration for HIV-positive non-citizens . But the United States travel ban still remains in effect , and will continue to be the law until the Department of Health and Human Services  HHS  modifies its regulations . Fifty-eight Members of Congress have sent a letter to the HHS , urging them to take action . Russia also places restrictions on travelers with HIV . Affected visitors are not permitted to stay in the country for more than three months . Anyone applying for a visa for long-term stay must present a certificate stating that they are HIV negative . The Russian embassy 's spokesperson in London told CNN no changes to the ban were currently being considered and declined to comment further . Crusading against these bans is "  Ctrl.Alt.Shift , " a UK-based organization that attempts to engage youth to combat global and social injustices . The organization argues that there is no public health rationale for "  restricting liberty of movement or choice of residence on the grounds of HIV status . " Are these laws outmoded ? What do you think ? Tell us in the Sound Off below . The fight against stigmas associated with HIV and AIDS has been widely adopted by the organization 's young members . Many are joining Ctrl.Alt.Shift 's protests across London . Last week , following two protests at the embassies of Saudi Arabia and South Korea -- both countries ban HIV positive travelers from entering their borders -- the organization launched its third protest in front of the Russian embassy in London . "  The level of proliferation of the HIV virus in countries that do not implement bans on HIV travelers is proof that these bans have no impact whatsoever , except for reinforcing the stigma , " said Neil Boorman , Ctrl.Alt.Shift 's project manager . Boorman told CNN that the bans and restrictions further the spread of the epidemic by driving the issue underground and force people to lie about their health on visa applications . Tinchy Strider , a 22-year-old British rap artist , was also present at the protest . "  I 'm here because many young people are not aware of these issues , but if they knew these bans existed , they would want to do something about it , " Tinchy explained . Eighteen-year-old Sian Anderson agrees . Anderson believes it is bad enough to live with HIV and that these regulations make life "  even harder . " "  Some people are completely not at fault , they might have gotten the virus through blood transfusion and Russia does n't take that into consideration , " Anderson said . "  Science has moved on from the days where HIV was an unknown virus . Now the world needs to move on too , " Sseruma said . "  Stigma remains our biggest challenge . "	Russia is one of 11 countries worldwide that restricts HIV positive visitors The U.S. lifted similar ban last July , but has not yet been implemented Protesters argue that ban forces people to lie about health to gain entry
CNN  -- With their country having the dubious distinction of first place in a global ranking of obese populations , legislators in Mexico have approved new taxes on high-calorie foods and soft drinks . A measure that cleared the Mexican senate on Thursday and that now awaits the president 's signature puts an 8 % tax on edibles with high caloric contents . Although the legislation does not identify all foods that fit into its tax category or include a specific list , it cites "  food that is high in calories such as fried foods ... sweets , foods made mainly with cereal , among others ... " Senators also approved a tax of one peso  about seven-and-a-half cents  on every liter of soft drinks . The tax measures come after Mexico jumped ahead of the United States to claim first place in a list of most-obese nations in a U.N. food and agriculture report this year . Meanwhile , in another component of a government effort to combat obesity , the Mexico Health Department is joinging with two pediatric organizations in a campaign to prevent childhood obesity . The campaign 's goal is to help doctors understand the complications of obesity , as well as the preventative and treatment measures available , said Arturo Perea-Martinez of Mexico 's National Pediatric Institute According to the World Health Organization , the average Mexican drinks 163 liters  about 43 gallons  of soda a year , which is 40 % more than the average U.S. citizen , making Mexico the largest consumer of soft drinks in the world .	Legislation adds an 8 % tax on food high in caloric content A liter of soft drink also gets a tax Mexico tops a U.N. report ranking the most obese nations Mexico passed the U.S. to top the list
CNN  -- Phil Ivey , one of the world 's best poker players , is boycotting this week 's World Series of Poker in Las Vegas and is suing his sponsor . Full Tilt Poker has damaged his reputation by not paying back $ 150 million owed to U.S. players , according to a lawsuit Ivey filed Wednesday in District Court in Clark County , Nevada . "  I am deeply disappointed and embarrassed that Full Tilt players have not been paid money they are owed . I am equally embarrassed that as a result , many players can not compete in tournaments and have suffered economic harm , " Ivey says on his website . "  I am not playing in the World Series of Poker as I do not believe it is fair that I compete when others can not . " In April , several Full Tilt executives were indicted as part of a federal crackdown on online poker . Full Tilt has agreed to pay back players , but has n't , Ivey 's suit says . Full Tilt , otherwise known as Tiltware , fired back . "  Contrary to his sanctimonious public statements , Phil Ivey 's meritless lawsuit is about helping just one player -- himself , " Michele Clayborne , of the company 's public relations agency , said by e-mail . "  Tiltware doubts Mr. Ivey 's frivolous and self-serving lawsuit will ever get to court . But if it does , the company looks forward to presenting facts demonstrating that Mr. Ivey is putting his own narrow financial interests ahead of the players he professes to help . " Ivey 's lawsuit seeks more than $ 150 million in damages from Full Tilt . "  My name and reputation have been dragged through the mud , through the inactivity and indecision of others and on behalf of all poker players I refuse to remain silent any longer , " Ivey said on his website . "  I wholeheartedly refuse to accept non-action as to repayment of players funds and I am angered that people who have supported me throughout my career have been treated so poorly . " His stance and boycott of the World Series of Poker drew widespread praise from poker fans on Facebook . "  Will miss watching you play this year , but very admirable man , " one wrote in response to Ivey 's announcement . Ivey has won eight World Series of Poker bracelets and more than $ 5.6 million during his career , placing him sixth in WSOP rankings , according to the organization .	Ivey accuses Full Tilt Poker of damaging his reputation He says the company owes $ 150 million to players Full Tilt calls the lawsuit "  meritless "
RealSimple.com  -- Why shoes are called "  pumps " and other strange-but-true stories behind the clothes and accessories you know and love . So , how did the trend for pointed-toe shoes start ? Manolo who ? Long before they ever made an appearance on the TV show "  Sex and the City , " pointed shoes were favored by Polish nobles , who introduced the fashion to England on a diplomatic visit in the 1300s . The shoes , dubbed "  crackowes " or "  poulaines " -- after Kraków , Poland -- were so long that a chain running from the toe to the knee was often required to keep them from dragging . In 1363 the English attempted to rein in the look by law , assigning shoe spans to social classes . Commoners could sport footwear with toes of up to six inches , while those in the royal ranks were allowed a full two feet in length . Who invented the sports bra ? In 1977 University of Vermont student Lisa Lindahl was running 30 miles a week -- and her bra was n't holding up . With the help of two classmates , Lindahl sewed together two jock straps and -- presto ! -- the sports bra was born . The coeds founded the company Jogbra a year later , garnering eternal gratitude from exercise-loving women everywhere . Almost 40,000 sports bras are now sold annually . Real Simple : Best bras for every figure Is there a real Mary Jane behind Mary Jane shoes ? Not quite : The most widely held theory is that the single-strapped footwear was named for a character in "  Buster Brown , " a children 's comic strip that was popular in the early 1900s . Mary Jane was either Buster Brown 's sweetheart or sister , depending on which source you consult . What 's the connection between Shakespeare and raincoats ? Gabardine , a water-repellent fabric invented by Burberry , got its first mention from Shakespeare . The Bard used the word in The Merchant of Venice to refer to a coarse cloak worn as protection from storms . During World War I , British officers on the front lines kept warm and dry in a uniform coat made of the material -- the original Burberry trench . Who was the first person known to have pierced ears ? No one knows who originated the style , but there 's evidence that as early as 2500 B.C. Sumerian women wore pierced earrings -- gold half-moon hoops . And guys tired of defending their diamond studs can rest easy : Men have been wearing earrings since ancient Egypt , where the jewelry was introduced in 1500 B.C. Real Simple : Best way to clean jewelry What was the inspiration for Lilly Pulitzer 's colorful printed dresses ? Bored Palm Beach socialite Lilly Pulitzer opened a juice stand in 1959 to pass the time , but she found one drawback : The citrus concoctions discolored her clothes . She instructed her dressmaker to create a uniform that would camouflage the bright stains , and the "  Lilly " design -- sleeveless cotton shifts in vibrant prints -- was born . The style was an instant hit with customers , who soon began placing more orders for dresses than juice . How did pumps , stilettos , and sneakers get their names ? The term pump first popped up in 1550 in England , where male servants sported the style . It is said that the noise they made while wearing the loose-fitting shoes resembled the sound of a water pump . The word sneaker entered the language in the 1870s ; the rubber soles made the shoes quiet and therefore "  sneaky . " The modern usage of stiletto , a Renaissance-era Italian word for an assassin 's narrow-bladed knife , made its debut in 1953 . The word turned out to be especially appropriate , because the shoes ' pointy heels were murder on wooden floors . When did folks start toting around umbrellas ? For thousands of years , in such places as Egypt , China , Japan , Mesopotamia , and India , umbrellas were used exclusively to shade the heads of dignitaries from the broiling sun .  When it rained , the well-to-do stayed dry in covered carriages and sedan chairs . Umbrellas were n't employed in inclement weather until the late 17th and early 18th centuries . And another hundred years passed before advances in manufacturing made them lightweight , portable , and available to average Joes . Have bikinis always been so popular ? Hardly ! Named for the nuclear-testing site Bikini Atoll , the suits first appeared in 1946 , but American women thought them immodest . Not until the 1960s were they accepted , possibly helped by the hit song "  Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini . " Were French cuffs really created for the battlefield ? It is said that the cuffs were designed to be used as handkerchiefs in combat . But , in fact , French royalty invented the style in the 1500s , when flowing sleeves were the rage ; nobles would tie their sleeves back with fasteners . Amusingly , the competitive English tried to take credit for the fashion , which to this day they refer to only as "  double cuffs . " Have women always carried purses ? Once upon a time , ladies stored their essentials in a little waist sack tied under their clothing  sort of an early ancestor of the fanny pack  and accessible through slits in their skirts . Around 1800 , thinner , silkier fabrics and slimmer cuts came into vogue , and women could no longer hide the bulging sacks around their midsections . The solution ? They began carrying their belongings in small pocketbooks instead . Why is underwear nicknamed "  drawers " ? In the 16th century , drawers became a common term for both men 's and women 's underpants . Made of linen , the items were no-frills and looked more or less interchangeable  this being well before Victoria ever had a secret ; decorative lace trim started appearing on the garments only in the middle of the 19th century  . Most likely , underwear earned this distinctly unsexy epithet because it describes the way that people put on their unmentionables -- drawing them up and over the lower part of the body . Real Simple : Get your lingerie in order E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Polish diplomats brought pointed shoes to Britain in 1300s A female runner sewed two jock straps together for first sports bra Men wore earrings in Egypt in 1500s
Washington  CNN  -- The National Transportation Safety Board has concluded a deadly accident involving a bus driver who fell asleep while driving on a Virginia interstate last year was caused in part by "  acute sleep loss " as well as inadequate oversight by the bus company and the government . Four people died on May 31 , 2011 , when a motorcoach operated by Sky Express Inc. , with 59 people on board bound for New York , drifted off Interstate 95 near Richmond , Virginia , around 5 a.m. . The bus struck a cable barrier , rotated clockwise , then overturned . The roof was crushed . In addition to the four deaths , 49 other passengers were injured . The driver , Kin Yiu Cheung , was slightly injured and refused medical treatment , safety officials said . At a board meeting Tuesday , the safety board said that a 13-month investigation found the driver failed to maintain control of the vehicle "  because of fatigue resulting from acute sleep loss , poor sleep quality , and ... the failure of Sky Express Inc. management to follow adequate safety practices and to exercise safety oversight of the driver . " "  This crash never should have happened , " said the board 's chairman , Deborah A.P. Hersman . "  It was entirely preventable . Those travelers were failed at three levels : by the driver , the operator and the regulator . " The safety board ruled out alcohol , drugs , cell phone use , weather , mechanical defects , speed and highway design as playing any role in the accident . The report said the bus company 's failure to "  exercise even minimal oversight of its drivers ' rest and sleep activities enabled the drivers to drive while dangerously fatigued . " An examination of the driver 's work schedule , sleep times and cell phone use revealed that his opportunity for sleep in the 72 hours prior to the crash was limited , the safety board said in a release . The board said another factor contributing to the accident was the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration 's lack of adequate oversight of North Carolina-based Sky Express , "  which allowed the company to continue operations despite known safety issues . " "  Protecting the traveling public by strengthening bus and truck safety is FMCSA 's number one priority , " the federal organization whose primary mission is to prevent commercial motor-vehicle-related fatalities , said in a statement sent to CNN . "  FMCSA closed the loophole that allowed 10-day extensions for passenger bus companies undergoing safety compliance reviews . It is also why our agency shut down 54 unsafe bus companies in 2011 . " The report cited "  the lack of a comprehensive occupant protection system , including systems for providing passenger restraint and for ensuring sufficient roof strength . " In addition to determining the cause of the accident , federal safety officials recommended expanded research on window glazing requirements to protect occupants from ejection as well as developing ways to assess effectiveness of fatigue management plans to improve alertness and limit driving mistakes . Sky Express shut down shortly after the accident . Cheung was charged with four counts of involuntary manslaughter and reckless driving . Motorcoaches transport 750 million passengers each year , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . CNN 's Alicia Tarancon contributed to this report .	The driver of the tour bus fell asleep , leading to the accident in which four passengers died The NTSB blames the driver , the bus company and the federal oversight agency "  This crash never should have happened , " says the board 's chairman
CNN  Few European Union politicians will have raised a New Year glass in expectation of a brighter future . Many fear that 2015 could be the year in which both the euro and the European Union itself begin to unravel . Once again the troubles will begin early in Greece , a country carelessly admitted to the euro before its finances were properly in shape , and which has twice had to be bailed out and bullied into efforts to get its economy onto a sound footing . Once again the Greek economy is at the heart of a euro crisis . The failure of the Greek government led by Antonis Samaras to win a majority vote for its favored presidential candidate means that Greece faces a snap general election on January 25 , news that saw the Greek stock market fall 5 % in one day . Polls suggest that the likely winner in the Greek general election will be Alexis Tsipras and his left-wing populist party , Syriza . The problem with that for the EU is that with more than a quarter of the Greek population unemployed , despite some signs of recovery in the economy , Syriza is winning wide support for its pledge to dump most of the pledges attached to its bailouts by the rest of Europe . Tsipras wants to end the austerity program imposed largely at Germany 's insistence , reverse cuts in the minimum wage and repudiate much of Greece 's debts . Although Tsipras has toned down his previous rhetoric and says he wants Greece to remain in the euro , it is hard to see how it could if he wins and holds to his election promises . Greece 's departure would be the first major blow for the euro , and the wider EU . But Greece is not alone in having euroskeptic parties riding high in the opinion polls . Both Spain and Portugal have elections scheduled in 2015 . In Spain , Podemos , a party strongly opposed to austerity programs designed to keep the country within euro rules is currently heading the polls . Portugal , facing the consequences of a 78 billion euro bailout  $ 97 billion  is racked by uncertainty following the arrest of government officials and leading politicians in both major parties over financial scandals . While "  eurocrats " in Brussels hope that the likely turmoil in Greece will lead voters in Spain and Portugal to play for safety , it could have the opposite effect , emboldening voters to swing behind populist parties without coherent financial programs . In Italy too , three of the four biggest parties -- Forza Italia , the Northern League and comedian Beppe Grillo 's Five Star Movement -- are making increasingly euroskeptic noises . The biggest threat to Europe 's future , though , comes from the general election in the United Kingdom , a country which has stayed outside the euro . Political scientists acknowledge that the UK election , due in May , is the hardest to call in living memory . The euroskeptic United Kingdom Independence Party  UKIP  has proven both by victory in the 2014 European Parliament elections and by success in recent by-elections for the Westminster Parliament , that it can take votes from both major parties , the Conservatives and the Labour Party . Participation in the coalition government has badly damaged the Liberal Democrats , the Conservatives ' partners , and in the aftermath of the referendum on independence for Scotland , the Scottish National Party is polling at a level that suggests it could wrest at least 20 Westminster seats from Labour , which has always depended on a hefty contingent of MPs in Scottish seats to win national elections . Neither major party looks capable of winning a UK election in its own right , but who the partners would be in any coalition formed to govern after May is totally uncertain . Already the administration likely to be formed then is being dubbed "  The Government of Losers . " Should the Conservatives led by David Cameron again emerge as the largest single party and form part of another coalition government , he would have to implement his pledge to stage an "  In or Out " referendum on continued UK membership of the EU , after he has sought to renegotiate the terms of that membership with other leaders in Brussels . The danger for the EU is that in countering the appeal of UKIP , Cameron has been led into ever more vigorous vows to curb the numbers coming in , or to deny them welfare benefits if they do . If Europe fails to agree a compromise on the principle of free movement across borders within the EU then the expectations Cameron has aroused will be disappointed and many Conservatives will be likely to join UKIP supporters in voting against Britain 's continued membership of the EU if the referendum is staged in 2017 . That possibility poses a dilemma for other European leaders like Angela Merkel , who has long insisted that the principle of free movement is sacrosanct . On January 1 , 2015 , EU leaders were able to celebrate one measure of progress : Lithuania became the last of the three Baltic states which entered the Union in 2004 to ditch its old currency , the litas , and to become a fully-fledged member of the euro club . It may be the last thing those EU leaders have to celebrate for quite some while . OPINION : UKIP 's victory throws Britain into political abyssOPINION : Will Cameron 's gamble take UK out of Europe ?	2015 looks like being a very difficult year for the euro and the European Union , Oakley says Anti-austerity party Syriza could win snap election in Greece , threatening to reverse reforms Spain and Portugal have euroskeptic parties riding high in polls , and elections due soon
CNN  -- Marc Marquez is a step closer to becoming the youngest rider to win the MotoGP title after snatching pole position for Sunday 's final grand prix of the season in Valencia . The 20-year-old posted a lap record time of one minute 30.237 seconds on Saturday to edge out title rival and reigning champion Jorge Lorenzo who was 0.340 seconds slower . Read more : Marquez in title showdown with Lorenzo Marquez 's Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa completes the front row of the grid . The Spaniard had a minor fright on the final qualifying lap when he nearly came off his bike , but was quick to see the positives of the incident . "  It was a little scare ahead of tomorrow to remind me I have to be 100 % concentrated , " Marquez told Spanish TV station Telecinco . "  The good thing is that I feel good , I have good rhythm on the bike and I just have to concentrate on my own race tomorrow . " The Spaniard needs only a fourth-place finish in Sunday 's race to cap an incredible season and become the first rookie to win motorcycling 's premier racing class since America 's Kenny Roberts achieved the feat in 1978 . Italy 's Valentino Rossi qualified fourth fastest on his Yamaha while Britain 's Cal Crutchlow finished fifth with compatriot and Monster Yamaha Tech 3 teammate Bradley Smith completing the second row of the grid .	Spaniard a step closer to making history by taking pole position in final race of season The 20-year-old only needs to finish fourth on Sunday to be crowned world champion Marquez aiming to be youngest winner of MotoGP title and first rookie for 35 years
CNN  -- Angel may be in a foreign country without her family , but the eight-year-old Ugandan certainly is n't shy . "  I like being on camera , " she says . "  I like it because it makes me feel like I can be president . " Angel is a member of the African Children 's Choir , which is currently touring the United States , and she 's on camera because the choir is the subject of a remarkable new documentary "  Imba Means Sing . " The film shares the experiences of Angel , Moses and the rest of the choir , in five countries over two years . Armed with incredible smiles , these children make you believe they 've got the whole world in their hands . Almost all the kids come from the slums of Kampala , Uganda , and by traveling with the choir most of these children are getting an opportunity not only for a great education but also to be the main bread winners in their families . Read more : Street children become stage stars Moses , nine , says : "  The  tour will change my life because I get to study more so that I can become what I want to be when I grow up . I did n't have many clothes and I did n't have many pairs of shoes and now I have them . " The Grammy-nominated African Children 's Choir was started in 1984 by human rights activist Ray Barnett . Barnett was called on to help the thousands of children who had been orphaned and abandoned following years of conflict . Barnett says : "  I felt a choir of African children , who were very underprivileged , could show the world the beauty , dignity and unlimited ability of the African child so they could see what their help could do . " The choir has successfully accomplished this for 28 years worldwide . As the director and visionary for the nonprofit , Barnett developed the team into an internationally acclaimed performing group while raising funds to help many destitute children . To date , more than 1,000 vulnerable children have been through the choir program . Funds from the choir have provided the opportunity of education and hope for many thousands like them in some of Africa 's most impoverished areas . Some of the graduates have gone on to become lawyers , doctors , teachers and even leaders in their countries . Read more : 10 must-see African films According to Julia Tracy , the group 's international choir director , the experience has not only raised future leaders for their home countries but has left an indelible mark on every nation in which they perform . For 20 years , she has watched their powerful performances be a force of inspiration and unity for countless audiences . She notes that this is one of the group 's strengths . They effortlessly create a relationship with the community and "  spread a different worldview , " she says . The film 's producer , Erin Levin , first met the kids at a fundraising event in Madison Square Garden . Reflecting on the experience , Levin says , "  I had always done this good stuff but never really had a reason to except that it was what I was taught ... and it made me feel good and I loved it . But , meeting these kids put a face and a heart and a name to everything . " At first , the journey of making Imba was a struggle . Levin says when she first arrived in Uganda to assess the production of the film she did n't have anyone to talk to . The girls in particular were shy and reluctant to talk with her . Angel and Moses are the stars of the film . The two were natural choices as they did n't hesitate to speak with Levin 's crew . Now three years into production , Levin says most of the children speak English and can read and write in the Ugandan Luganda language . The children have been grateful to participate in the group and continue to marvel at their experience . "  Being in the choir means I will have my school fees paid , because if I go to school I can be whatever I want when I grow up , " says a young girl called Patience . "  I need that to become a lawyer . " Read more : Artists take epic Africa road trip "  The choir is going to change my life by giving us education , " says choir member Kendrick . But funding the movie has been a real struggle . So far Levin has raised $ 200,000 . In addition to this , she still has to reach a goal of $ 400,000 -- of which she has only raised $ 200,000 . Levin hopes the film will become a movement . She says : "  The issue it addresses is not just the African Children 's Choir . It 's much bigger than that . It 's education . All the kids in the choir ca n't go to first or second grade . Then they tour the world and now their education is paid for through college so that is what we are shinning a light on . " Levin credits all her success to her crew : director Danielle Bernstein and director of photography Jason Maris . She is deservedly unabashed in how proud she is of their work . Her message to others : "  Anyone can follow their dream and follow their heart . I am just a normal girl who believed in something and is going after it . And , I hope that people will see this and be inspired to do the same . " Imba Means Sing is due to premiere in 2014 .	The African Children 's Choir helps vulnerable children The choir has toured the world , earning the children money and a better education The troupe are the subject of new documentary "  Imba Means Sing " Past choir members have gone on to become lawyers , doctors and teachers
CNN  -- Peter Trimble found his formula through trial and error . A design student at the University of Edinburgh , he was aiming to produce an artistic exhibition for a module on sustainability , when he stumbled on "  Dupe , " a living alternative to concrete . A lab technician introduced Trimble to Sporosarcina pasteurii , a bacterium with binding qualities , sometimes used to solidify soil to hold road signs in place . The student tested it with one of the world 's most abundant resources - sand . Pumping bacterial solution into a sand-filled mould , he added nutrients , urea derived from urine as fertilizer and calcium . After a year , and hundreds of failed experiments , this process manufactured a stool around 70 % the compression strength of concrete . The process requires less than one-sixth of the energy used in concrete production , and is completely biodegradable . Crucially , Trimble believes his mechanism has the added benefit that it could be employed by anyone , anywhere . "  Once you have the basic framework it should be transferable . Imagine a Tsunami-hit farm in Indonesia that is not getting supplies . You could use sand and bacteria on site , practically free , and have shelter housing that is far more permanent . " Trimble is working with NGOs to apply Dupe to Aboriginal settlements and insecure regions of Morocco . But while the applications are new and experimental , the concept of growing the material for our built environment is increasingly regarded as not merely interesting , but essential . According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , the construction industry accounts for 40 % of the world 's C02 emissions , 40 % of U.S. landfill and has been uniquely resistant to change . Concrete , bricks and cement have remained the dominant materials since the industrial revolution in the early 19th century , and as pressure mounts on resources and climate , scientists and architects are looking to the natural world for solutions . Building bacteria Bacteria have been at the center of alternative methods . North Carolina start-up Biomason is growing bricks on an industrial scale , cultivated from sand by microorganisms . The company has won major prizes and funding for the bricks , which will be used in a structure for the first time this year in a pedestrian walkway , ahead of building projects across the world . Similar processes are being developed to build in the most challenging environments . British architects see an opportunity to cultivate new life in deserts , while NASA believe bacteria could allow the construction of bases on other planets without the headache of ferrying the material there . While bacterial processes save heavily on carbon , there are concerns that by-products could be poisonous . But another living brick -- made from mushrooms -- has no such problems . Functional fungus New York firm Ecovative are producing materials that combine agricultural waste products such as corn stock with mushroom mycelium -- the roots of the vegetable . Over five days the mycelium binds the waste to create a block with a stronger compressive strength than concrete , with none of the heat or energy required by regular bricks . The product is in commercial use for packaging , producing thousands of units a month , and the company is expanding into construction . Ecovative believe that in addition to being renewable and decomposable , natural properties give them a performance advantage . "  It has great insulation properties " , says Sam Harrington , Ecovative Director of Sustainability . "  A key benefit is flame resistance -- without adding any chemicals we were able to achieve a Class A fire rating " . There is scope for development . Mycelium effectively dies once its growth is complete , but Harrington is looking ahead to material that does not . "  We are exploring ideas of living materials , perhaps that are self-healing or respond to leaks with indicators . " Ecovative are in dialogue with major construction companies , and the material will soon be tested on a historic scale . A collaboration with architects The Living won the prestigious MOMA  Museum of Modern Art  PS-1 competition , and their creation will be installed in the museum courtyard this summer . Growing for gold "  Hy-Fi " will be the largest ever grown structure , and first large building to claim zero carbon emissions . It will be formed of three 40-foot spiral towers constructed from the mushroom material , with varying properties of brick to maximise light and ventilation . The material 's versatility offers unique design opportunities , says David Benjamin , lead architect of the project . "  You can dial in almost any performance you want . You can mix and match a variety of properties such as water resistance or UV resistance , lightness or durability . You can grow the bricks in almost any shape " Benjamin says the bio-bricks could be made to last as long as traditional materials , but believes architecture must embrace temporary structures . "  It 's essential to recognize that not all materials should last for centuries . A lot of the steel in our buildings will last longer than we need . Our idea is a building that be made locally and quickly , and then have a plan for when the life of the building is over . " Future applications would include pop-up stores , festival "  tents " and emergency shelters , says Benjamin , but there are greater hopes for the material within the industry . Stronger than concrete "  I could imagine every structure you would built out of bricks " , says Dirk Hebel , Assistant Professor of Architecture and Construction at the Future Cities Laboratory in Singapore . "  No high-rises , but smaller scale structures and houses . The material is stronger than concrete , with better insulation capacities " . The challenge will come in commercializing the products , Hebel feels . "  There is huge demand for alternative materials . The question is how easy it is to penetrate the existing market . This needs time and a couple of buildings to show the possibilities " . Stealing from nature Another , more radical approach takes the material from nature but also allows it to build the structure . Michael Pawlyn , director of Exploration Architecture , is a leading figure in biomimicry , having previously applied natural processes to create man-made forests in England and the Sahara Desert . His latest project to grow a "  small venue for spoken word performances " from undersea biorock was recently unveiled at the Architecture Foundation in London . "  In biology , complex structures achieve resource efficiency by putting things in exactly the right place , which is very difficult with made materials " , says Pawlyn . "  Our ways should deliver significant resource savings . " Drawing on the natural accumulation of coral reefs , his team would install a steel frame in the deep ocean and leave it to attract material . Growth would be focused on specific areas of need using an electrical current . "  We 're interested in looking at its structural growth patterns . We have stress gauges on the structure to measure force in particular areas . If one is highly stressed , we can input more current so the rate of deposition matches the force . " Pawlyn believes the structure could be built within two years , for consideration at scale . As with Ecovative , a key challenge ahead is to integrate still-living material to allow intelligent biosensors that respond to the building occupants . Innovators in this space acknowledge the ongoing barriers presented in an industry that has resisted modernization . But from rock to fungus , sand to space dust , the use of materials and processes designed by nature herself offer both a solution to the sustainability crisis , and a glimpse of our new built environment : clean , efficient , and alive . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Music ` hackers ' unleash new generation of cool and bizarre instruments Forget wearable tech , embeddable implants are already here Feeling glum , happy , aroused ? New technology can detect your mood	British student invented new process of growing building materials using bacteria and sand Other living bricks made of mushrooms are soon be widely tested by US architects New bio bricks offer flame , UV , and water resistance without adding any chemicals Their use can prove crucial for life in deserts or construction of bases on other planets
CNN  -- Oprah Winfrey says she 's sorry for the media storm that erupted after she recounted that she was the victim of racism in a posh Swiss boutique . Winfrey 's revelation last week on Entertainment Tonight led to the upscale store being identified as Trois Pommes in Zurich and its staff was immediately caught up in a frenzy of media interest . The manager of the boutique , Trudie Goetz , subsequently told CNN the entire incident was a "  200 percent misunderstanding " and had nothing to do with racism . Speaking at the Los Angeles premiere of Lee Daniels ' "  The Butler , " Monday , Winfrey said the situation had been blown out of proportion . "  I think that incident in Switzerland was just an incident in Switzerland . I 'm really sorry that it got blown up , " she said . "  I purposely did not mention the name of the store . I 'm sorry that I said it was Switzerland . "  I was just referencing it as an example of being in a place where people do n't expect that you would be able to be there . " ` No apology needed ' On Entertainment Tonight , Winfrey recounted how she had asked to see a $ 38,000 handbag , but the shop assistant refused to show it to her because it was "  too expensive . " Winfrey explained Monday that for her , racism is not usually overt . "  Nobody is going to come and call me the N-word to my face , unless they are a thug on Twitter or Facebook , " she said . "  It shows up for me differently , it shows up  when  I 'm in a store and the person does n't obviously know that I carry the ` black card ' and so they make an assessment based upon the way I look and who I am . " It appears Winfrey is referring to the exclusive American Express Centurion card , which is issued by invitation only to an exclusive group of the rich and famous . Winfrey said she was dressed in a Donna Karan skirt and top but was not wearing obvious symbols of wealth such as diamond jewelry or designer shoes . "  You should be able to go into a store looking like whatever you look like and say ' I would like to see this ' -- and that did n't happen , " she said . Has something like this happened to you ? But while she stood by it as an example , Winfrey cautioned against reading too much into the specific incident . And she rejected any idea that Switzerland should be asked to apologize to her . "  It 's not an indictment against the country or even that store , " she said . "  It was just , you know , one person who did n't want to offer me the opportunity to see the bag . So no apology necessary from the country , from Switzerland ! " In her latest film , Winfrey plays the wife of the main character -- portrayed by Forest Whitaker -- who serves as a butler in the White House . Winfrey 's claim ` absurd , ' clerk says Meanwhile , the store clerk concerned told Swiss daily newspaper Blick , in an interview printed Sunday , that she felt "  terrible " and had not been able to sleep for days . The woman , who gave her name as Adriana N. because she said she did n't want to be hassled on the street , said , "  I feel as if I 'm in the middle of a whirlwind . Totally powerless , as if everything 's been taken from me . It 's a horror , what 's happened . " Adriana , from Italy , said she had asked her manager if she should resign , but that Goetz had stood by her . Asked to give her version of the incident , Adriana said Winfrey had come into the store and was looking at bags when her eye was caught by a $ 38,000 crocodile skin number by Tom Ford . She told the newspaper , "  I explained that this was exactly the same bag as the one I had in my hand . Only much more expensive . I would happily show her other bags , I said . " Adriana said Winfrey 's claim that she told the media mogul the bag was too expensive for her was absolutely not true . "  That 's absurd . I would never say such a thing to a customer . Absolutely not . Good manners and politeness are everything in this shop , " she said . The store assistant added that she had n't recognized Winfrey but that it would not have made a difference in any case . "  We make a huge effort to treat everyone with the same respect and in the same way , " she said . CNN 's Mark Thompson contributed to this report .	Oprah Winfrey says she 's sorry that a Swiss store got caught up in a media frenzy The row blew up after Winfrey cited her treatment in the store as an example of racism The store assistant tells a Swiss newspaper she feels terrible , has n't been able to sleep "  It 's not an indictment against the country or even that store , " says Winfrey
CNN  -- In "  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix , " the threat from villainous Lord Voldemort is ignored until it 's almost too late . "  Harry and his friends start Dumbledore 's army to bring awareness to this , " said iReporter Andrew Slack . "  Meanwhile , our world ignores AIDS , Darfur and global warming . " Harry Potter Alliance members attend a midnight screening in Burlington , Massachusetts . Some Potter fans , under the leadership of Slack , have come together to bring the spirit of "  Dumbledore 's army " to life . Slack is the executive director of the Harry Potter Alliance , a nonprofit organization dedicated to engaging Potter fans in social activism . Slack 's group has taken on many issues over the past few years . "  Because we 're basing it on a modern myth , you can point to many issues at once , " he said . In the "  Potter " books , "  implications toward public policy are profound , " Slack said . Slack , a former sketch comedian with an interest in building social movements , came up with the idea in 2005 after reading Potter books to children at a Boys and Girls Club , something he said transformed him . "  I saw that the books were n't just empowering personally , " he said . "  I think the books speak to something that is very unique , because -LSB- "  Potter " author -RSB- J.K. Rowling has been able to express a story about the importance of love . " Slack founded the group with his friends Paul and Joe DeGeorge , members of a "  wizard rock " band called "  Harry and the Potters , " as well as comedian Seth Reibstein and music therapist Sarah Newberry . Slack sees parallels between the magic in the "  Potter " books and expanding one 's mind to come up with solutions in a creative way . One of his mottos is "  Do n't ignore the magic of being alive . " One of the group 's projects has been to gather thousands of signatures for petitions in protest of the war in Darfur . The alliance also helped hundreds to register to vote last year , according to Slack . Earlier this year , the Harry Potter Alliance conducted a book drive for children around the world , an effort led by "  Potter " actress Evanna Lynch . Slack said they raised over 13,000 books , 4,000 of which went to youths in Rwanda who were very young at the time of the Rwandan genocide . Slack also sees parallels between Voldemort and world leaders who have supported genocidal policies . "  Potter " author J.K. Rowling has many times compared Voldemort to Adolf Hitler . On the other hand , Slack compares Potter 's mentor Dumbledore to Mahatma Gandhi , Martin Luther King , Jr. and John Lennon . This has led to the group 's "  What Would Dumbledore Do ? " campaign . The campaign takes Dumbledore 's ethics and beliefs and translates them to the real world . For the midnight screenings of "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince , " members were encouraged to wear buttons mentioning lessons that Dumbledore taught them . When iReporters were offered the opportunity to ask a question of President Obama , Slack knew exactly what he wanted to ask about : Darfur . Slack thinks Obama 's approach so far is "  more than a disappointment . ... There 's a great deal of hope for Darfur , if President Obama can move on that . " Rowling herself has praised the Harry Potter Alliance , one of Slack 's proudest moments . "  It 's incredible , it 's humbling , and it 's uplifting to see people going out there and doing that in the name of your character , " she told Time magazine in 2007 . "  What did my books preach against throughout ? Bigotry , violence , struggles for power , no matter what . All of these things are happening in Darfur . So they really could n't have chosen a better cause . " Rowling has also written personally to Slack about his efforts . Science fiction and fantasy aficionados have translated their fandom into real-world action for years . Recent examples : "  Star Wars " fans put on a charity auction to benefit victims of the brushfires in Australia , and comic book fans such as "  Crimson Fist " donned superhero costumes to help the needy . Christopher "  b!x " Frakonis came up with the idea of screening the sci-fi movie "  Serenity " for charity as a way of keeping it on the big screen in 2006 . This year , 52 such "  Ca n't Stop the Serenity " screenings are taking place around the world for charities such as the human rights organization Equality Now ! , in response to a challenge by the film 's director Joss Whedon . Members of the Harry Potter Alliance , 4,500 of whom make up the most hardcore group , are inspired by what it has done . "  I know I would have loved to have had a group like this when I was a child or teenager , to support me and show that anything is possible if you put your mind to it , " said 29-year-old Amanda Bolton , from Calgary , Alberta . Bolton first learned about the group when it was mentioned on a fan podcast . She was intrigued by the similarities between the plot of the books and its application to real life as well . In the books , "  muggle-borns and other intelligent nonhumans are discriminated against , treated like scum and forbidden from having equal rights , " she said , adding that love was the main weapon used against the forces of evil . Like Slack , Bolton condemns the "  Muggle mindset , " what members call an ignorance of or refusal to act on the important issues facing the world . Some bloggers have criticized the group for taking their fandom too far or using young fans ' love of Harry Potter to promote an agenda . Slack denies that he has a partisan agenda . "  I sort of took it as a compliment , " he explained . At the same time , he hopes that at least some of their causes , such as promoting literacy , are things that all can agree on . Alliance member Bobby Lang says that some within the group have occasionally raised questions about some of their projects . "  There have been some interesting debates over whether or not Dumbledore would be an activist , " he said , mentioning that some see Dumbledore as "  teaching through living . " Lang adds that such debates usually do n't get too heated , since "  we 're all Harry Potter fans , we all have that in common . " Noth Lang and Bolton say they are more knowledgeable about world affairs because of the organization 's connection to Harry Potter than they would be otherwise . "  There are issues I did n't know much about or had n't thought about too deeply that I 'm now involved in , like Darfur , " Bolton said . "  It has introduced me to new issues and new ideas . "	"  Harry Potter " fans have formed the "  Harry Potter Alliance " organization Group uses lessons from Potter 's mentor Dumbledore for good in the real world Watch Andrew Slack 's question for Obama Share your thoughts on the latest "  Potter " movie at iReport.com
CNN  -- This is the tale of Peter Rabbit , but not the classic version that Beatrix Potter created . Instead , this particular Peter Rabbit is one of 65 tattered , matted but , most importantly , cherished stuffed toys and teddy bears that photographer Mark Nixon features in "  Much Loved "  Abrams Image  , a book that comes out October 29 . Nixon said the inspiration for the photo series came from his son , Calum , who was very attached to the plush rabbit since birth . When the Dublin , Ireland-based photographer put out the initial inquiry for "  loved to bits " teddies , he said he expected most of the submissions to come from children , but adults soon wanted to take part as well . "  It was as though they had been keeping a long-held secret and could finally tell someone what their teddies really meant to them , " he writes in the book 's foreword . While many of the bears are eerily dismembered , Nixon said that wornness is the ultimate indication of a teddy "  much loved . " What was your beloved childhood toy ? Tell us in the comments , or share it with us on Twitter @CNNLiving , with the hashtag #CNNparents !	Mark Nixon 's photos were inspired by his son 's attachment to a stuffed animal Nixon says the stories of the bears are just as integral as the photos The book of photos will be released on October 29
New York  CNN  -- An Egyptian cobra that drew thousands of Twitter fans has been found alive after it went missing for days from a New York City zoo . "  As you can imagine , we are delighted to report that the snake has been found alive and well , " Bronx Zoo Director Jim Breheny said Thursday . Zoo officials conducted around-the-clock searches for the 3-ounce , 20-inch long reptile , he said . Breheny said the cobra had sought a secure hiding spot within the holding areas of the zoo 's reptile house -- a complex environment with pumps , motors and other mechanical systems . But it was lured out after zoo officials sprinkled wood shavings from exhibit beds across areas where they guessed the cobra was hiding . "  It was the scent of rodents  on the wood clippings  that we hoped would bring her out , " Breheny added . "  The key strategy here was patience , " he said in a prepared statement . The snake went missing Saturday from an off-exhibit enclosure , prompting the zoo to close the reptile house . Officials had earlier cautioned that it might take days or even weeks before the snake was found , and urged the public not to panic , saying the cobra was likely contained within the building . While the mystery of the missing snake may have caused concern for zoo-goers , it also earned a cult following online . After launching on Monday , the anonymous @BronxZoosCobra Twitter feed had amassed nearly 200,000 followers by 6 p.m. Thursday . The feed had given the snake a hilarious shtick by toying a bit with the fears of skittish New Yorkers . "  City may not sleep , but I 'm ready to . Ooh a chimney ! I bet you bragged to your friends about having a working fireplace in NYC . Hi roomie , " was posted on the site . "  A lot of people are asking how I can tweet with no access to a computer or fingers . Ever heard of an iPhone ? Duh , " says another tweet . "  Taking the Sex and the City Tour !!! I 'm totally a SSSamantha , " the anonymous tweet added . "  Just FYI , I 've had it with Samuel L. Jackson too . " Its Twitter profile listed the reptile as "  an Egyptian cobra out on the town . " The species ' more common home , however , is North Africa . Its venom is so deadly that it can kill a full-grown elephant in three hours -- or a person in about 15 minutes , according to wildlife experts . The venom destroys nerve tissue and causes paralysis and death because of respiratory failure . Scholars believe the Egyptian cobra was known in ancient times as the asp . Legend has it that Cleopatra , the ancient Egyptian queen , used an asp to commit suicide . Breheny called the snake 's absence "  a serious situation , " but said he was heartened by what he described as an apparent confidence that zoo officials would find the cobra . The media "  would n't have spoofed the situation the way they did " if they believed otherwise , he said . CNN 's Gene Bloch contributed to this report	An Egyptian cobra is found in the holding area of the reptile house The snake has its own Twitter account , created for it anonymously Its disappearance Saturday prompted the zoo to close the reptile house
CNN  -- Poaching tourists from the trendy tango bars of Buenos Aires or the glamorous beaches of Rio de Janeiro would be a tall task for most cities . But the Chilean capital , Santiago , is looking to do just that by encouraging travelers passing through on business to stay and uncover its potential as a hip South American destination . Chile has become one of the continent 's leading locations in which to do business in recent years . Foreign investment increased by 80 percent in 2011 alone , totaling $ 12 billion for the year according to Daniel Pardo , director of SERNATUR , the Chilean tourism ministry . As a result , the number of foreigners coming into the country for trade purposes has increased along a similarly sharp upward curve . This surge has been concentrated mainly in Santiago , Chile 's nerve center and economic engine room , and it 's here that Pardo and the country 's tourist board spy an as yet untapped opportunity . "  Hopefully by bringing out those business people that are coming here for a week to do their jobs  they will  stay for the weekend and enjoy the country , " Pardo told CNN 's Richard Quest . "  There 's a lot of interest in coming to Chile , " he adds . "  And we 've seen it in our numbers , with a 60 percent growth in tourism this year . " See also : Exploring the mystery and beauty of Chile Travelers who take up the invitation to hang around will find a variety of parks , churches and museums which offer a wealth of easily accessible tourist sites -- ideal for the culture vulture with a couple of hours to spare . For those with a little more time on their hands meanwhile there is even more to explore and experience around the city 's outskirts and beyond . With the Santiago business traveler in mind , CNN asked Lonely Planet 's Bridget Gleeson , co - author of Lonely Planet Chile and Easter Island Travel Guide , to lend her expertise in selecting the city 's best spots . In the city Santiago offers an intriguing mix of both the modern and the classic . Historic sites such as the Catedral Metropolitana contrast sharply against the rowdy Mercado Central fish market , which offers "  a colorful attraction for photographers and foodies alike , " says Gleeson . Touring the city 's downtown district on foot is a particularly nice way to explore Santiago , she adds , while the nearby Centro Cultural Palacio La Moneda museum plays host to the finest Chilean modern art . Other Santiago highlights include Museo de la Moda  Museum of Fashion  in the Vitacura district -- which includes famed items such as John Lennon 's jacket and the famous "  cone bra " Jean Paul Gaultier designed for Madonna -- and the 300 meter high San Cristobal lookout point . Valparaiso The picturesque seaside resort of Valparaiso is a UNESCO world heritage site and a heaving modern port that is integral to Chile 's vast export industry . See also : Singapore on a stopover A little under two hours from Santiago by road , the town is perched atop a dozen or so hills which offer spectacular vistas out across the Pacific Ocean . Vistors can "  tour  the Chilean poet and author  Pablo Neruda 's charming hilltop house , La Sebastiana " or "  board one of Valparaiso 's 15 antique ascensores  elevator cable cars  ... to take in vibrant street art and stunning views over the ocean , " says Gleeson . Those on a quick stop-off before heading back to Santiago however may make the most of their time by taking "  a quick boat ride from Muelle Prat  harbor  to get a feel for the city , " Gleeson advises . Observatories With an average of more than 330 cloudless nights per year , Chile is a near perfect natural laboratory for astronomers and stargazers . It is for this reason the country will host 68 percent of global astronomy infrastructure by 2018 , according to the national government . But you do n't have to be an acolyte of Alfred Hubble to enjoy the sparkling contents of the Chilean night sky . The Paielan Observatory in the Maipo Valley is just 50 kilometers from Santiago and is surrounded by a spectacular , unspoilt nature reserve . A world class restaurant on the premises meanwhile serves up the latest in contemporary Chilean cuisine , enabling visitors to enjoy fine dining under the stars . Wine regions Chile is a major exporter of wine and visiting some of its fertile vineyards is a rite of passage for many a connoisseur . See also : Making the most of wine at 35,000 feet Almost 17 million people drink a glass of Chilean wine every day and the country is the world 's largest grape exporter . "  Many travelers opt to visit a few wineries with a specialist like Uncorked Wine Tours , " says Gleeson . These customized tours include an English-speaking guide , visits to three wineries and a leisurely lunch in wine country . Those looking to go it alone on a wine-tasting odyssey meanwhile can reach some of the lesser visited wineries in the Santiago region by public bus in little over an hour . If you 're planning an independent visit , Gleeson warns however , it is wise to log onto the wineries ' websites to find out about specialty tastings , picnics , and additional activities before setting out . Stina Backer contributed to this story	Santiago aims to become one of South America 's leading tourist destinations by wooing business travelers Chile is already one of the continent 's leading locations in which to do business Santiago offers an intriguing mix of the modern and historic , including idyllic churches , museums and parks
CNN  -- Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law , who has served as an al Qaeda spokesman , was captured and has been brought to the United States , two administration officials and a federal law enforcement official said Thursday . Sulaiman Abu Ghaith has been charged in a federal indictment with conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals , the U.S. Department of Justice announced . Abu Ghaith is scheduled to be arraigned at 10 a.m. ET Friday in a federal courtroom in New York . "  No amount of distance or time will weaken our resolve to bring America 's enemies to justice , " Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement . "  To violent extremists who threaten the American people and seek to undermine our way of life , this arrest sends an unmistakable message : There is no corner of the world where you can escape from justice because we will do everything in our power to hold you accountable to the fullest extent of the law . " Abu Ghaith was captured within the past week in Jordan , according to a spokesman for U.S. Rep. Peter King of New York . Bin Laden confidant emerged as voice of al Qaeda Congress was notified when Abu Ghaith was taken into U.S. custody , the administration officials said . The decision to take Abu Ghaith to New York rather than to a detention facility at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba raised fresh questions about the treatment of those accused of making war or plotting against the United States . The administration said President Barack Obama remains committed to closing Guantanamo , rather than adding to its population . The Justice Department said it examined the nature of Abu Ghaith 's alleged conduct and whether charges would best be served in federal court or through a military commission . "  Our policy is that we will prosecute whenever feasible in the national security interests of the United States , " department spokesman Wyn Hornbuckle said in a statement . "  In this case , the president 's national security team examined this matter and unanimously agreed that prosecution of  Abu  Ghaith in federal court will best protect the national security interests of the United States . " Several Republicans argued Abu Ghaith should have been taken to Guantanamo for interrogation as an enemy combatant . Sen. Lindsey Graham , in a news conference , argued against civilian criminal proceedings . "  I think we  are  setting a new precedent that will come back to bite us , " Graham told reporters . "  It 's clear to me they snuck him in ... under the nose of Congress . " The South Carolina senator was joined at the news conference by Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , who said , "  If you are that close to bin Laden , we want to develop all the information that person has . " Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , reaffirmed his opposition to U.S. trials of suspected al Qaeda members detained at Guantanamo . "  We should treat enemy combatants like the enemy -- the U.S. court system is not the appropriate venue . " But Eugene Fiddell , a prominent military legal expert , said the conspiracy charge is not a war crime and is outside the jurisdiction of a military commission . The U.S. Treasury Department has described Abu Ghaith as "  the official spokesman of al Qaeda since his appointment to that position after the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . " He appeared in videos as "  the mouthpiece of bin Laden , " the department said . Turkish newspaper Hurriyet reported that Abu Ghaith was seized in Ankara "  after a tipoff " from the CIA and was held for 33 days . A Turkish court decided to release him because he had not committed a crime in Turkey . He was considered "  stateless " because Kuwait had stripped him of his citizenship after he appeared in videos supporting the 9/11 attacks , the report said . Abu Ghaith entered Turkey illegally from Iran , so he could be deported to Iran or another country , the report said . After Iran did not accept him , Turkey decided to send him to Kuwait through Jordan . The CIA captured Abu Ghaith when he was passing from Jordan into Kuwait , the newspaper said . ` Nightmare ' at home for SEAL who shot bin Laden The U.S. government did not immediately confirm the report . Abu Ghaith was a high school teacher and preacher at a mosque in Kuwait , the U.S. Treasury says on its website . "  He fought in Afghanistan , accused the U.S. government of killing children in Iraq through U.N. sanctions , and joined Muslim guerillas fighting in Bosnia-Herzegovina in the summer of 1994 . " He was later banned from his mosque for using his sermons to attack the government . Before September 11 , 2001 , "  his mission was to recruit elements for training in bin Laden 's camps in Afghanistan . " The U.S. 9/11 Commission said Abu Ghaith "  reportedly " supported the idea of a major operation directly against the United States in 2001 . Bin Laden , leader of the terrorist al Qaeda network that staged the 9/11 attacks on the United States , was killed in a U.S. Navy SEAL raid in Pakistan in 2011 . According to the indictment unveiled Thursday , Abu Ghaith was engaged in planning and perpetrating a federal crime of terrorism against the United States and its citizens . He could face a life sentence if convicted . In May 2001 , Abu Ghaith urged individuals at a guest house in Kandahar , Afghanistan , to swear allegiance to bin Laden , according to the charges . A day after 9/11 , the alleged spokesman warned the United States and its allies that a "  great army is gathering against you " and called on "  the nation of Islam " to battle "  Jews , the Christians and Americans , " the indictment states . Abu Ghaith later warned "  the storms shall not stop , especially , the airplane storms " and warned Muslims and foes of the United States not to board aircraft or live in high-rise buildings , according to the indictment . The new story of the death of Osama bin Laden CNN 's Joe Sterling , Mike Mount , Phil Gast and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Abu Ghaith accused in U.S. indictment of conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals He will appear in federal court Friday to face federal charges Captured al Qaeda figure taken to New York Abu Ghaith should be treated as enemy combatant , senators say
CNN  -- Iran has "  successfully " test fired its newest version of the Fateh-110 missile , state media reported Saturday , touting the accomplishment despite international concerns about Tehran 's growing military capabilities . Footage from state-run Press TV showed a missile on a rocket launcher in a desert area being fired into the air , before seemingly falling somewhere over the horizon . Defense Minister Brig. Gen. Ahmad Vahidi said that the test launch of the missile -- a "  fourth generation " of the Fateh-110 -- was a success , according to the official Islamic Republic News Agency . "  Iran is among few ... countries capable of producing such missiles , " the minister said in the IRNA report . The latest Fateh-110 version -- which was tested two years after Iran successfully tested the previous model -- is capable of traveling 300 kilometers  185 miles  and "  can target spots without any diversion , " IRNA reported . The defense ministry plans to have all home-made missiles with "  this new capability , " said Vahidi . Iran 's developing missile program has been a hot topic in Washington and elsewhere in recent months , with a new Pentagon report last month finding that Tehran may test a missile that could reach the U.S. mainland within three years . "  Iran has boosted the lethality and effectiveness of existing systems with accuracy improvements and new submunition payloads , " which allow missiles to drop explosives over a wider area thus causing more destruction , according to the Pentagon report . The report , which was signed by U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and sent to senators and U.S. representatives on defense committees , said Iran is continuing to develop other missiles that can hit Israel and Eastern Europe , including an extended-range Shabab-3 and a medium-range ballistic missile called the Ashura that can fly more than 1,200 miles . Iran is still capable of testing a long-range intercontinental ballistic missile by 2015 "  without sufficient foreign assistance , " the report added . The United States and NATO have begun to field an anti-ballistic missile shield in the southern and eastern parts of Europe to protect from such a threat . But John Pike , a weapons analyst with the GlobalSecurity.org research group , said the missile shield is not yet fully operational . Washington has led international efforts aimed at stymieing Tehran 's nuclear program , as well as its ballistic missile proliferation activities . But despite widespread sanctions , Iranian officials have been publicly defiant and regularly highlight developments in both arenas .	Iran 's defense minister says the latest Fateh-110 missile launch is a success The "  fourth generation " of the missile can travel 300 kilometers , state media reports A recent U.S. government report warned of Iran 's improving missile program
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Beginning December 1 , Mexico City plans to hand out free medicine to elderly men with erectile dysfunction , the local government said . Medications such as Viagra , Levitra or Cialis reportedly will be offered under medical supervision . "  Everyone has the right to be happy , " said Marcelo Ebrard Casaubon , governor of the federal district that encompasses the Mexican capital . "  We have to protect people -- senior citizens above all , " he said in a statement Thursday . "  Many of them are abandoned and lack money . They do n't have medical services , and a society that does n't care for its senior citizens has no dignity . " The government said it plans to offer Viagra , Levitra or Cialis -- medication used to treat erectile dysfunction -- under adequate medical supervision . It cited figures saying that 70 percent of elderly men suffer from the condition . To obtain the medicine , men must first undergo a "  very , very detailed " medical check to screen for and possibly treat ailments such as hypertension and diabetes , the government said . Centers in Mexico City also will offer a variety of treatment to elderly men and women .	Elderly men in Mexico City must undergo medical screening first Free medicine will be out handed out to those with erectile dysfunction in December "  Everyone has the right to be happy , " official says Figures show 70 percent of elderly men suffer from condition , local government says
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Qin Xiaona used to visit the suburban Xiaotangshan Sanatorium in the summer to escape the scorching temperature in the city . Now she comes here to turn up the heat on a subject close to her heart . Animal rights advocate Qin Xiaona mixes leftovers to feed stray cats . "  This is our experiment to save the city 's stray cats , " said the 62-year-old retired TV journalist , as she carried two plastic containers full of leftovers out of her villa surrounded by lush greenery . Calling out a dozen snoozing cats by the bushes , Qin watched them rush over and devour the rice mixed with pork and fish . Qin , who heads the Capital Animal Welfare Association , estimates there are some 200,000 stray cats in Beijing , after her group spent more than two years studying the population . She detailed the precarious state of the felines in an 80,000-word report and decided to start her rescue mission with the 72 cats roaming the sanatorium 's sprawling ground . "  The health bureau runs this place and agreed to let us take care of the cats , " Qin said , lifting up a female kitten to check the healing of the surgery wound on its stomach . "  We have already neutered and vaccinated a third of them . " "  We convinced the health officials that stray cats could be a more effective and environmentally friendly way of rodent control than placing 15 tons of rat poisons across the city every year , " she explained . This is the kind of win-win solution that Qin hopes to replicate throughout the capital , where stray animals are frequently culled by the government on fears of spreading diseases or attacking humans . For Qin and other members of her NGO , saving stray cats is just one uphill battle in their war against animal cruelty in a culture that often treats man 's four-legged friends with little favor . For over 15 years and with meager funding , they have been setting up shelters to house abandoned pets , persuading restaurants to take dog meat off the menus and , most importantly , lobbying legislators to pass an animal welfare law -- a goal that nevertheless remains distant . "  Many in the government and society still consider us peripheral and alternative -- and do n't recognize and approve our work , " Qin said . When Beijing won the bid to host the 2008 Summer Olympics seven years ago , she and fellow activists perceived a perfect catalyst in expanding animal rights . To their dismay , the authorities have since stepped up their campaigns against animals -- pets and strays alike -- aimed at "  cleaning up " the city for the Games . In 2006 Beijing implemented a controversial "  one family , one dog " rule for urban households and required such pet dogs no taller than 35 centimeters  14 inches  . "  It is such a ridiculous law , " Qin raised her voice , still livid . "  Anyone with a little understanding of animals would know that the temperament of dogs has nothing to do with their size , but depends on their breed and training . " Although official policies are difficult to modify , Qin feels her efforts have slowly changed the minds of many ordinary citizens . "  People 's attitude toward animals reflects their attitude toward fellow human beings , " she offered . "  We should promote love , not hatred , from an early age on . " Qin has seen more young people grow receptive to the concept of animal welfare and now also counts some unlikely volunteers -- including a former policewoman -- among her 600-strong group . With the Olympics around the corner , however , Qin has become jittery amid reports of an intensifying government crackdown on animals . "  I feel my heart is in my throat , " she admitted . "  Many officials get money and quotas for culling -- they simply find it so much easier than caring for animals . " As she finished feeding the cats at the sanatorium , Qin received a phone call from an animal lover living in a residential compound near the Olympic district . "  They are crying for help for the 30 stray cats there , " she said . "  They have neutered and vaccinated 90 percent of those cats , but officials still sealed the cats in the basement with cement because of health and safety concerns during the Games . " Frantically dialing , Qin tried to reach the right person before time ran out for the felines . "  Innocent animals should n't have to pay the ultimate price for the Olympics , " she said . Steven Jiang is a Beijing-based freelance writer and former CNN producer .	Clamp down on stray cats and animals in China 's capital leading up to Olympics Qin Xiaona runs organization to help protect Beijing 's estimated 200,000 stray cats Animal welfare still generally seen as ` alternative ' idea , but 600 support Qin 's group
CNN  -- In the ice skating community , Cheryl Davis and Jacqui White are known as "  the moms " because they have been nearly inseparable for 16 years . That 's when their children , Meryl Davis and Charlie White , started skating together as ice dancers . The skating duo , Olympic silver medalists in Vancouver in 2010 and world champions in 2013 , were favorites to bring home the gold medal in the Winter Games in Sochi , Russia -- and they delivered . After placing first with a world-record 78.89 score in the short dance , Davis and White earned a world-record 116.63 in the free program on Monday , bringing home the first-ever gold medal for the United States in the ice dancing competition . Their moms , who fly to and from every competition together , planned to be seated side by side at the Olympics : Davis always on the right , White on her left . "  Even in an interview now , Jacqui will say , ` Wait a minute , she 's on the wrong side , ' " said Davis , a mother of two from West Bloomfield , Michigan . It 's just one of the many rituals these Olympic moms follow as they gear up for what they hoped would be a history-making competition for their children . ` Lucky Uggs ' White always wears a pair of "  lucky Uggs , " and she does n't change her jewelry , a habit that dates to her years as a hockey mom .  Charlie played 13 years of travel hockey and was part of a state championship winning team . "  The hockey moms used to see me come in . If I was wearing a different pair of earrings , they 'd look at me  and say  , ` Hey , you were n't wearing those earrings the last time we won , and it 's the first time they scored on us . You are taking them off , ' " said White , a mother of five , also from Bloomfield Hills , Michigan . "  So I am now superstitious ... and I ca n't get over it , " she said , chuckling . Davis has her own rituals , including writing down every skater 's scores . "  I always take my pad with me , and I always write down every score , and then if I miss one , I 'm like , ` Oh , darn ... ' but it does n't matter , " Davis said with a laugh . The task is pointless , she admitted , since she never looks at the scores again . "  It just keeps us thinking about something else , " she said . "  It gives us a little distraction . " ` Not sure what we gave up ' Davis and White are just two of the thousands of Olympic moms around the country and the world who devoted hours , energy and money -- and a good chunk of their own lives -- to make their children 's Olympic dreams come true . But do n't mention the "  S word " to them : sacrifice . They do n't believe they 've sacrificed to get here . "  I know that people want to call it a sacrifice , and it is in some ways , because you do put a lot of your time and a lot of your money into it . But on the other hand , a sacrifice almost means you are almost giving up a lot , " Davis said . "  I am not sure what we gave up . " The early years were harder , Davis and White admit , especially as both kids trained for singles ' competitions in addition to working together on ice dancing . Meryl , who just turned 27 , started skating at age 5 . Charlie , 26 , began when he was 3 . "  We were there every single day . We would drive them , pick them up from school , drive them to the rink , stay with them ... rush over while they were on the ice and get them a bagel with cream cheese or chocolate milk or whatever they wanted , " White said . "  It 's long enough ago so that it gets kind of blurred into the rest of the years , but early on , it was a lot of time . It was a lot more dedication and work for us , but it was work we really enjoyed and really loved , so it does n't fall in the ` sacrifice ' label . " ` Each one is special ' An additional challenge for any Olympic family is making sure the other siblings do n't feel shadowed by a 24/7 commitment to a sport . Championship figure skating includes four or five hours on the ice every day , dance lessons , physical fitness training , travel to competitions , research for costumes , appearances and interviews . Amy Hughes of Great Neck , New York , is a mom of six whose daughter Sarah won the Olympic gold in figure skating in 2002 and whose daughter Emily competed in the 2006 Games . "  I think because there were six of them , it was much healthier , " Amy Hughes said . "  People would come in ,  and  they said , ` You do n't have all of Sarah and Emily 's stuff up ; you have everybody 's . ' "  I said , ` Well , each one is special . ' " Hughes recently asked Emily what she did as a mom to raise an Olympian , "  She says , ` Oh , Ma , you got us everywhere we had to go , and then you 'd forget to pick us up . ' And I laughed , and I said , ` You know , you 're right . ' " ` Charlie 's my boat ' Raising an Olympian , especially in figure skating with the cost of ice time , lessons , choreography , costumes and travel , can take a financial toll on a family . Hughes , White and Davis say they 're thankful that was n't their experience . "  I have to ask  my husband  , how did we do it ? I ca n't answer that , because I do n't know . I just know we kept going and going , " said Hughes , whose husband is a real estate tax attorney . "  It was n't like some skating families  who  have to remortgage their house . We did n't have to do that , " said Davis , a former teacher . "  When you look at what other people sacrifice -- and people we know , personally , are some of those people -- it breaks my heart that they 've put so much into it and not all kids are lucky enough to get where our kids are . " White jokes that she does n't know how much she 's spent on more than 20 years of ice skating because she tries "  not to look . " "  We try not to add it up , because I 'm sure if we added it up , then we would start to feel like , ` Oh , my God , we 've made such a sacrifice , ' " White said . "  I always tell Meryl she 's my cottage , " said Davis , joking that money spent on skating could have bought the family a second home . "  And Charlie 's my boat , " White added . ` Thank you , Mom ' Both Davis and White are part of Procter & Gamble 's "  Thank You , Mom , " program , which highlights the awe-inspiring contributions of Olympic moms . The program includes providing a "  family home " in Sochi , where U.S. athletes and their families can get free meals and beauty services , as well as help for U.S. families to pay the travel costs to Russia . Each Olympic Games , the company creates an ad that seems to make just about every mom -- this one included -- need to grab the tissues . In the current ad , moms are seen picking up their toddlers after falls on the ice and in the snow and bucking them up when things were not going their way . "  When I watch that commercial , it really grabs my heart , " White said . "  I think you sit there and you wonder , how many times can you fall and get back up again ? Your first instinct is to go out there and say ` Stop hurting yourself ; let me take you home to something fun , ' but you do n't , because the more loving thing is to let them go , let them pick themselves up sometimes and let them continue on and get stronger because of it . " ` You ca n't help but cry ' How much joy did "  the moms " expect to feel when they watched Meryl and Charlie compete for Olympic gold in Sochi ? "  Every time we talk about the joy of it and how much we love it , that 's when we start to cry , " Davis said . "  You are so bursting with pride  about  who they are and what they 've accomplished that you always start to cry . You ca n't help but cry . " White says she 's sometimes wondered , does skating create the person that is so awesome , or does the awesomeness of the person create the skater ? "  Because I look at Meryl and Charlie , they 're such an awesome couple as people , and I just wonder , has the discipline and everything that is involved in their skating career helped to shape that personality ? "  We feel proud of the people they are . I feel that that 's what we are most proud of , " White said . Hughes planned to watch Meryl and Charlie , and all the other skaters , from her living room in New York . She knows exactly what it feels like to watch not one , but two children compete for Olympic gold . "  Indescribable , " she said with a laugh . "  We did n't expect any of this . I just feel like it 's all this tremendous gift ... and the whole family was thrilled . We were all there for everybody . " What do you think it takes to raise an Olympian ? Chime in below in comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter and CNN Living on Facebook , or share your photos and stories on CNN iReport !	Ice dancers Meryl Davis and Charlie White still make their moms tear up Many moms of Olympians downplay talk sacrifices they 've made Moms admit to competition rituals such as wearing a pair of "  lucky Uggs " The financial challenges of raising an Olympian can be staggering , moms say
London  CNN  -- Two men went on trial Friday accused of the "  cowardly and callous murder " of British soldier Lee Rigby , who was hacked to death in a London street . Michael Adebolajo , 28 , and Michael Adebowale , 22 , are each accused of murder , conspiracy to murder a police officer and attempted murder of a police officer . They denied the charges at the Old Bailey court in London . Prosecutor Richard Whittam told the jury that the suspects deliberately attacked an unarmed man from behind using a vehicle as a weapon , "  and then they murdered him and mutilated his body with a meat cleaver and knives . " The court was shown cell phone footage filmed by a witness in which a man who prosecutors said was Adebolajo , holding a bloody cleaver in his hands , spoke into the camera . "  The only reason we 've killed this man today is because Muslims are dying daily by British soldiers , " he said . "  This British soldier is an eye for an eye , a tooth for tooth . " "  You people will never be safe . Remove your governments -- they do n't care about you , " he said , referring also to British Prime Minister David Cameron . "  So get rid of them . Tell them to bring our troops back so you can all live in peace . Leave our lands and you will live in peace . " The killing of Rigby outside the Woolwich Barracks in southeast London on May 22 shocked the nation . He left behind a wife and a young son . Two men plead not guilty to murder of British soldier Almost decapitated Describing the events of that day , the prosecutor said the two suspects drove at Rigby in a car traveling at 30 to 40 miles per hour . The soldier appears to have been knocked unconscious by the impact , he said . The court was shown surveillance video of the car crossing to the wrong side of the road before it hit him , and Rigby rolling onto the hood of the car . He was carried on to the sidewalk . Footage from a different surveillance camera showed two men dragging the soldier 's limp body from the sidewalk into the middle of the road . Cars driven by passersby stopped at the scene , some with their warning lights flashing . Whittam , the prosecutor , said the defendants were armed with a meat cleaver , knives and a revolver when they got out of the car . "  They both attacked the motionless body of Lee Rigby . He was repeatedly stabbed , and Michael Adebolajo made a serious and almost successful attempt to decapitate him with multiple blows to his neck with the meat cleaver , " he said . "  Michael Adebowale was using a knife to stab and cut at Lee Rigby 's body . " Whittam said the two men dragged the soldier into the road so members of the public could "  see the consequences of their barbarous acts . " At this point , he said , some of the people present showed a "  bravery and decency " in stark contrast to the suspects ' alleged acts . One woman stroked Rigby 's body in a gesture of comfort , he said , while another engaged Adebolajo in conversation despite the fact that he was still holding the meat cleaver in his blood-covered hands . Soldier 's family to world : Keep calm , do n't seek revenge Conspiracy ` to attack the police ' When police arrived at the scene , the two men moved toward their vehicle , Whittam said . Adebolajo carried the cleaver , while Adebowale held the firearm . He aimed it at the officers , although it was not loaded , the prosecutor said . Both men were shot and detained , and the firearms officers gave first aid to keep them alive , he said . The two suspects are accused of waiting for the police to reach the scene , having conspired together to attack an officer . "  It is clear that there was an agreement to attack the police when they arrived , " Whittam said . Adebolajo got "  very close " to the driver 's side of the police vehicle , he said . While the gun carried by Adebowale was not loaded , he also had on him the bloodstained knife he 'd used to attack Rigby , the prosecutor said . The prosecutor also told the court how the firearms officers had to react within moments as they arrived at the scene . One officer "  felt that he was in the most urgent situation of his life , " he said . The court heard that Adebolajo was shot in the arm by police . Having been given morphine for the pain , he allegedly told paramedics , "  Your government is all wrong . I did it for my God . I wish the bullets had killed me so I can join my friends and family . " Adebowale suffered gunshot injuries to his thumb , abdomen and thigh , the court heard . He was also given pain relief and taken to hospital . Jurors were also shown pictures of the bloodied weapons allegedly used by the two men . Adebolajo had asked to be known as Mujaahid Abu Hamza in court , and Adebowale as Ismail Ibn Abdullah . However , the court has continued to use their given names . The jury was told both men have pleaded guilty to a charge of possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence . Suspects ` bought knives ' Whittam said the attack unfolded in a very public place , near a school . Some children , returning from a school outing , had to be turned back by passersby before they saw the gory scene . Friends and relatives of Rigby were in court for the opening of the trial . Some family members left crying as images were shown of the soldier shortly before the attack , as he left the public transit system in Woolwich . The jury also saw CCTV footage of the suspects ' movements in the two days before they allegedly launched their attack . They included a visit to a store where Adebolajo bought a five-piece set of kitchen knives and a knife sharpener , the prosecution said . The car allegedly used by the suspects was also caught on surveillance video maneuvering in the vicinity of the street where Rigby was attacked later that day . Security footage from Rigby 's last train journey showed he was wearing a "  Help for Heroes " hooded sweatshirt , in support of a charity that aids military veterans .	Court is shown footage of man with bloody cleaver saying attack is "  an eye for an eye " Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale are accused of the murder of soldier Lee Rigby They are also accused of attempted murder of a police officer ; they deny the charges One suspect bought a set of knives before the attack , the court hears
CNN  -- CNN 's Patrick Oppmann recently shared his suggestions for visitors to his adopted hometown of Seattle , Washington . CNN.com readers had a lot to say about the city , which is headed into its much-anticipated summer season . "  My favorite part is that , in the summertime , everything stays GREEN . With the blue sky , blue water , blue and white mountains on every side and the green , green grass and trees , it is something to behold all right , " wrote a reader with the handle 1k9m8c1 . As the short , rainy days give way to sunshine "  the Northface parkas get ripped off , the Keens and the Chacos come out , and acres of pasty , sunstarved flesh are thrust into the light . " For visitors planning a trip to Seattle as the city sheds layers and springs into summer , here are some of CNN.com readers ' best tips : Best views of the city and the setting sun For city views at a fraction of the cost of the Space Needle 's observation area , one reader recommends the Columbia Tower downtown . "  Better view , better price , and no one knows about it ! " For the best sunset views , try Salty 's on Alki . "  Get a table near the window and you will see the most spectacular  sight  as the sun reflects off the buildings downtown , " wrote CNN.com commenter Yogababy . DaveinIndy recommends the view from the Bainbridge Ferry as you go across the Puget Sound to Bainbridge Island and back . CNN 's Insider Trip Tips : Denver Best bites The name Tom Douglas came up a lot in food discussions . Multiple commenters recommended the downtown Seattle restaurants owned by the award-winning local chef and his wife . Commenter CM2BTHD took exception to CNN reporter Oppmann 's recommendation of How to Cook a Wolf , offering the Tom Douglas restaurants "  all within three blocks of each other in the downtown Seattle core " as a better alternative . "  Lola . Dahlia Lounge . Palace Kitchen . Serious Pie . Dahlia Bakery . I recommend Lola for breakfast . Opens at 7 a.m. most days . You 'll never know how you managed to eat so damned many potatoes , " CM2BTHD wrote . Kakash recommended Buenos Aires , complete with a tango-dancing staff , for a "  very entertaining night out . " Pasta Freska on Westlake Avenue is a favorite with commenter andman . This small Italian restaurant skips the dinner menu altogether . "  Just tell the owner , Mike , what you like and do n't like , and the plates start rolling out . Amazing place ! " For brunch , the 5 Spot in Seattle 's Queen Anne neighborhood , gets reader frommet 's vote . "  Super fun and very Seattle ! I lived in Capitol Hill for three years and went there every weekend . " The same commenter also recommends Top Pot Doughnuts , although he suggests skipping the coffee there . Seattle 's coffee scene soaks up a lot of the spotlight , but the region 's wines should not be overlooked . Yogababy was a French wine snob before moving to Seattle . "  Once I got to  Washington  , I only drank WA wines and there are some excellent ones ! Hedges , Chateau St. Michelle , Columbia Crest . " Your best Denver tips Outdoors DaveinIndy , who recommended a ride on the Bainbridge ferry , also offers this suggestion : "  A day trip to Mount Rainier and/or Olympic National Park is also spectacularly rewarding . Rainier is truly king of the mountains in the continental U.S. " What 's missing ? Share your top spots below .	Seattle 's lush , green summer gets rave reviews from one CNN.com reader CNN.com commenters recommend chef Tom Douglas ' downtown restaurants Ride the Bainbridge Ferry across the Puget Sound for great views of the city
In ruling California 's death penalty unconstitutional , a federal judge said Wednesday the system is so broken it unfairly leaves inmates with uncertain fates -- often for decades . In his decision , Santa Ana-based Judge Cormac J. Carney vacated the 1995 death sentence of Ernest D. Jones , who petitioned the court to determine whether his death sentence was valid . Carney wrote : "  Allowing this system to continue to threaten Mr. Jones with the slight possibility of death , almost a generation after he was first sentenced , violates the Eighth Amendment 's prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment . " The decision will certainly be appealed , said CNN legal analysts Jeffrey Toobin and Mark Geragos . Toobin said no executions could proceed in California while the decision stands . In California , there are 748 people on death row , the most of any state . No executions have been carried out since California put a moratorium on the death penalty in 2006 . Four years later , the state sought to execute a man who raped and murdered a 15-year-old girl , but it was blocked by state and federal courts over concerns about lethal injections . In Wednesday 's ruling , Carney called the administration of the state 's death penalty system "  dysfunctional . " "  In California , the execution of a death sentence is so infrequent , and the delays preceding it so extraordinary , that the death penalty is deprived of any deterrent or retributive effect it might once have had , " he wrote . "  Such an outcome is antithetical to any civilized notion of just punishment . " Since 1978 , more than 900 people in the state have been sentenced to death row , where inmates spend 23 hours alone in their cells . Of those people only 13 have been executed ; 94 have died of other causes . Carney said about 40 % have been on death row longer than 19 years . "  California 's death penalty system is so plagued by inordinate and unpredictable delay that the death sentence is actually carried out against only a trivial few of those sentenced to death , " Carney said , noting that it takes an average of three to five years for a death row inmate just to get an court-appointed attorney for an appeal . The judge noted 285 of the people on death row have been there longer than Jones . "  There clearly was a crisis coming . A lot of people have recognized there is a problem with hundreds of people of death row and hardly any executions , " Toobin said . He noted the situation in California is so unusual it would n't affect death penalty cases in other states . California 's most recent execution was on January 17 , 2006 , according to the website for the state 's Department of Corrections & Rehabilitation . Clarence Ray Allen , 76 , spent 23 years and one month on death row before dying from a lethal injection . He was convicted of orchestrating a triple murder from prison in 1982 . Michael Laurence , executive director of the Habeas Corpus Resource Center and Jones 's lead attorney , said he was glad that a federal judge reaffirmed what a state commission found in 2008 . "  There is no rational explanation , much less any moral or societal justification , for which people are ultimately executed , " Laurence said in a written statement . "  The execution of Mr. Jones , and the others like him whose meritorious legal claims have gone unheard for decades , serves no valid state interest . " The executive director of Death Penalty Focus said the law in California needs to be changed . "  Justice requires that we end this charade once and for all , " said Matt Cherry . "  It 's time to replace California 's broken death penalty with life in prison without the possibility of parole . That 's the best way to ensure that convicted killers remain behind bars until they die , without wasting tens of millions of tax dollars every year on needless appeals . " Jones ' case is expected to be appealed by prosecutors to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , said . Nick Pacilio , a spokesman for state Attorney General Kamala Harris , said her office is reviewing the decision . Death penalty facts that may surprise you Jones ' case Jones was tried and received his death sentence at a time when the attention of the world was focused on another case unfolding on the same floor of Los Angeles downtown courthouse -- the O.J. Simpson murder trial . Simpson , who had assembled a legal "  dream team , " was acquitted ; Jones was represented by a public defender . Jones was convicted and sentenced to death for raping and killing his girlfriend 's mother , Julia Miller , a 50-year-old defense industry accountant . During the trial , Jones was portrayed as the product of a broken home with alcoholic parents . An aunt described his childhood as "  a living hell . " He grew up in poverty , and his parents used drugs in front of the children and battled violently . His mother beat him and his siblings . He developed a drug habit of his own , which included marijuana and cocaine . He told witnesses that he had heard voices and experienced flashbacks during the year before the slaying . He said the victim confronted him over his treatment of her daughter and pointed a rifle at him , which caused him to flash back to violent incidents in his childhood , according to the state Supreme Court opinion affirming his conviction . The court record indicates that Jones had spent several years in prison for raping the mother of a previous girlfriend . The California Supreme Court in 2003 upheld the conviction of Jones on first-degree murder and rape charges . I was 17 , on death row -- and innocent 5 ways to improve the U.S. death penalty	If appealed , no executions can take place -- even if death penalty moratorium ends California attorney general 's office says she is reviewing the decision Ernest D. Jones was sentenced to death for raping , killing girlfriend 's mother A federal judge said the lengthy period he has waited since sentencing violates the Constitution
CNN  -- English rugby coach Dean Richards has been banned from coaching for three years for his part in masterminding a fake blood injury to one of his players . English rugby coach Dean Richards admitted asking his player to fake an injury using artificial blood . In a scandal dubbed "  bloodgate " the 46-year-old admitted to getting one of his players to use fake blood to feign injury in order to make an otherwise impossible substitution happen at a crucial time in a European Cup quarterfinal between his side Harlequins and Leinster . Sport is littered with competitive personalities , but some are prepared to go further than others in order to achieve victory . Do you agree with CNN 's list of sport 's top ten notorious rulebreakers ? 1 . Diego Maradona , football - For years Maradona shared the credit for his most remembered goal with a higher being . "  A little with the head of Maradona and a little with the hand of God " was his account of how he scored the opener in Argentina 's 2-1 victory over England during the 1986 World Cup semi-final . However , in 2005 Maradona admitted that it was less divine intervention than retribution that was behind the now infamous goal . Referring to the British control of the Falkland Islands which lie just off Argentina and were the scene of a bitter war in 1982 , he said : "  I do n't for a second regret scoring that goal with my hand . . whoever robs a thief gets a 100-year pardon . " 2 . Rosie Ruiz , the marathon - After taking gold-medal in the 1980 Boston Marathon and setting the third-fastest time ever recorded for a female runner in the process , many spectators noticed how remarkably sweat-free and relaxed the 23-year old Ruiz appeared as she took to the winner 's podium . Race officials were also dismayed by the jubilant victor 's absence from the numerous photographs taken during the competition , and none of the checkpoint monitors or fellow runners were able to recognize the young champion after the 26-mile race had ended . It was not long before a few members of the crowd came forward to reveal that they had seen Ruiz simply jump in during the last half-mile , where she duly sprinted to the finish line . 3 . Carlos "  Panama " Lewis , boxing - In the early 1980s "  Panama " was regarded as one of the most formidable boxing trainers of his time . These days he is typically regarded as one of the sports murkiest operatives . Panama 's lowly stature was secured during the 1983 fight between his boxer Lewis Resto and Billy Collins Jr. . Before the fight Panama had soaked Resto 's hands in plaster of Paris and removed the padding from his gloves . Resto punched Collins Jr to a pulp and , nine months later , Collins Jr - suffering from depression caused by the fight - died in a car accident that many believe was suicide . Diego Maradona scores against England for Argentina using what he called the "  hand of God . " 4 . Spain 's 2000 Paralympic team , basketball - The 2000 Sydney Paralympics witnessed the basketball team from Spain take the gold medal in the "  intellectual disability " category . However , soon after Carlos Ribagorda , an undercover journalist , revealed that the players on Spain 's team had not actually undergone the testing required to prove mental deficiency . It turned out that ten of the twelve players on the Spain basketball team had no such disability . The International Paralympic Committee subsequently decided to scrap the category due to the difficulties of assessing the disabilities of performers . 5 . Michel Pollentier , cycling - In 1978 the Belgian rider was ahead of the rest of the field after the mountain stage of the Tour de France . He submitted a urine sample which came back clean from drugs , the only problem was it was n't his urine ! It transpired that Pollentier had used a sample given to him by his teammate that was delivered via a plastic pipe concealed in his shorts , he was subsequently thrown from the Tour . 6 . Dwain Chambers , athletics - The British sprinter had high hopes of taking on the world 's elite after showing early potential but his career was derailed when he tested positive for the banned substance THG in 2003 . Slapped with a two-year suspension and lifetime ban from the British Olympic Association  BOA  Chambers later revealed he was taking a cocktail of seven different drugs . 7 . Boris Onishchenko , fencing - As a fencer for the Soviet Union , Boris Onishchenko performed unbelievably for his nation 's modern pentathlon team at the 1976 Olympics . And there was good reason as the British team , who complained to the organizers , suspected . It turns out the wily athlete used an illegal switch to trigger the system that registered a hit from his foil on his opponents , which guaranteed him victory . The illegal switch on his grip was discovered resulting in his disqualification from the Games . The British sprinter Dwain Chambers admitted to taking a cocktail of seven different drugs while competing . 8 . Dora Ratjen , high jump - In the 1936 Olympic games in Berlin , Adolf Hitler was determined to prove his philosophy about the Aryan race -- that meant winning at any cost . Ratjen , who was known for her low voice and reluctance to share the shower room with the other female athletes , was the German entry for the women 's high jump . After setting a new world record , Britain 's Dorothy Tyler , the former holder , suggested to officials that Ratjen was a man . After some research Ratjen was found serving as a waiter called Hermann . Dora , born Hermann Ratjen , had in fact been a member of the Hitler Youth and said that the Nazis had made him participate as a woman . 9 . Fred Lorz , the marathon - In the burning heat of the 1904 Olympic Games in St. Louis , only 14 of the 32 starting marathon runners made the finish line . All the more credit then to Fred Lorz , the New Yorker who burst through the white tape after three hours and 13 minutes , to be announced the winner . Having bagged a photograph with the Alice Roosevelt , daughter of the President of the United States , Lorz was on his way to collect an apparently well-deserved gold medal . However , word soon spread that the American had spent nearly half the marathon sitting down ... in a car . Despite claiming it was just a practical joke , Lorz received a lifetime ban . 10 . Ben Johnson , 100 meters - Having taken gold medal at the 1988 Seoul Olympics and slicing four-hundredths of a second off the world record , Canada 's 100m sprint champion took to the mic : "  I 'd like to say my name is Benjamin Sinclair Johnson Jnr and this world record will last 50 years , maybe 100 . " Only hours after the race had ended , a urine sample belonging to the sprinter was found to contain the anabolic steroid stanozolal resulting in the time being scrapped from the record books . Johnson protested his innocence but , after a two-year suspension , he was banned in 1993 for testing positive again - and this time it was for life .	English rugby coach Dean Richards banned for role in "  bloodgate " Coach asked player to use fake blood to feign injury in order to be replaced Richards is not the first sports person to break the rules in order to win Sound Off : Do you agree with CNN 's list of sport 's most notorious rulebreakers ?
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . Motherboard.tv is Vice 's site devoted to the overlap between culture and technology . The reports , which are being produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  Motherboard.tv  -- From a quiet swath of English countryside , some one and a half hours outside of London , researchers are receiving radio messages from the farthest reaches of the universe . To do it , they 're relying on one of astronomy 's newest and largest gadgets -- the Low Frequency Radio Array radio telescope . The new , clever Dutch and EU-wide installation uses 15,000 low-tech receivers , supercomputer data processing and high-speed internet to form a mega-telescope capable of absorbing cosmic radio waves from the full sky at higher resolutions than ever before . When the British section of the telescope opened late last year , Motherboard attended the ribbon-cutting ceremony and met some of the scientists involved . For centuries , astronomy centered around what could be observed with our most wonderful and yet meager visual tool -- the eye . But in the last 50 years , the ability to receive radio waves , infrared and ultraviolet radiation , and X - and gamma rays -- all of them at different wavelengths than visible light -- has provided new and completely unexpected information about the nature and history of the universe . The resulting data and images from radio astronomy  despite the "  radio " part , you ca n't listen to these radio signals  have yielded a cosmic zoo of strange and exotic objects , including radio galaxies , quasars , pulsars , masers , and cosmic microwave background radiation , which has provided compelling evidence for the Big Bang . But we have yet to deeply explore the low radio frequencies , the lowest energy extreme of the spectrum accessible from Earth . The wider the distance between the antennae , the higher the resolution of the "  picture " that a radio telescope can make . Hence the large footprint of most radio telescope projects , from the Giant Meter-wavelength Radio Telescope in India to the Very Large Array in New Mexico . LOFAR is capable of producing even more accurate "  images " than its predecessors . With more resolution than any other telescope , the 1500 km-wide LOFAR array is opening this frontier to a broad range of astrophysical studies , including transient sources , ultra high energy cosmic rays , cosmic magnetism , and the wonderfully-named Epoch of Reionization , when the first stars and black holes made the universe hot . This research will only accelerate over the next decades , as scientists build LOFAR 's successor , the Square Kilometre Array  SKA  . Watch the rest of "  The Biggest Telescope on Earth " at Motherboard.tv In the first research to emerge from LOFAR , to be published this month , scientists say that the telescope will lead to a tenfold leap in new discoveries of pulsars -- the peculiar stars whose highly-regular spin can be used as a kind of clock , and effectively , as a test of Einstein 's theory of general relativity . By observing pulsars as they beam toward Earth from different directions , astronomers are able to detect minute differences as the signals arrive , caused by the gravity waves that Einstein predicted would distort space-time in different directions . If gravity waves are real , one of these "  clocks " would seem to be running slowly . Also announced this week by an international team of astronomers -- LOFAR has made the deepest wide-field images of the sky in the relatively unexplored part of the radio spectrum around 150 MHz . To process data from across the network , the Chilbolton telescope and the supercomputer in the Netherlands require an internet speed of 10 gigabits per second -- more than 1000 times faster than your typical home broadband speed . That 's just the kind of bandwidth you need when you 're downloading the far reaches of the cosmos .	Low Frequency Radio Array telescope , or LOFAR , is the largest telescope on Earth LOFAR allows researchers to receive radio messages from the farthest reaches of the universe Telescope 's superior resolution opens up broader range of astrophysical study
CNN  -- In late May 2011 , Mitt Romney made his first campaign jaunt to South Carolina , a primary state that bedeviled him during his first presidential campaign and would prove just as vexing in his second . Romney 's difficulties with the conservative base are now well-documented . But among his many problems on the right , immigration was n't one of them . On that May afternoon in South Carolina , Romney , his sleeves rolled up and shirt tucked neatly into bluejeans , came prepared to answer a range of tough questions . He delivered a defense of his health care law and equivocated on a controversial Medicare plan being debated in Congress . He did n't expect to have to talk about immigration , But one activist who felt like a party crasher in the small , hand-picked audience wanted to know if Romney backed amnesty for "  illegals . " Romney said no , matter-of-factly outlined his positions , and the voter departed seeming satisfied . The point is this : Even if immigration fails to register as a top issue in the polls -- only 3 % of Americans called it the country 's "  most important problem " in a recent Gallup survey -- the topic continues to burn white hot as a litmus test among a passionate and vocal slice of the GOP primary electorate . Opinion : Big surprise ahead on immigration Even when immigration reform is not on the calendar in Congress -- and it was n't during the 2012 campaign -- it routinely bubbles up in Republican primary campaigns , popping up in town hall meetings , on talk radio and online . And it 's not just the dreaded "  comprehensive " immigration reform effort that roils grassroots activists ; for a defiant portion of the GOP base  looking at you , Steve King  , any kind of reform is non-negotiable . Despite efforts by top Republicans in Washington to improve the party 's miserable image among Hispanic voters , not much has changed since the 2012 primary campaign , when GOP voters tore down Texas Gov. Rick Perry for telling a debate audience that they did n't "  have a heart " if they opposed in-state college tuition for young illegal immigrants . Undocumented immigrant lawyer speaks out A sweeping Senate immigration bill is stalled in the House , effectively dead and nailed into its coffin by its own Republican co-sponsor , Sen. Marco Rubio , who now opposes it . House Speaker John Boehner says he is open to passing a series of smaller fixes . At the same time , numerous elected GOP officials made intemperate comments about Hispanic immigrants . This is the party that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , who will ceremonially sign a New Jersey version of the DREAM Act this week , must face if he decides to seek the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 . And at first glance , his support for the bill , which allows undocumented immigrants who have attended New Jersey high schools for three years to pay in-state college tuition rates , is problematic . Christie reaches immigration deal with New Jersey Democrats Having won re-election last November with a majority of Hispanic voters , Christie 's support for the so-called tuition equality bill is another notch in his belt as he cultivates an image as a Republican who can appeal to independent voters and nontraditional constituencies . He is , his supporters believe , a GOP candidate who can actually win a national election . But in the hothouse context of a Republican primary , which he must win to get to a national election , signing the tuition bill seems like yet another example of Christie unfurling a giant middle finger to the very voters whose support he will need once the presidential race begins in earnest this November . The biggest sin conservatives point to when discussing Christie is symbolic : his arm-in-arm tour of the New Jersey coastline with President Obama after Hurricane Sandy , lending the president a veneer of bipartisan street cred just days before the 2012 presidential election . There are other apostasies : Gun control measures signed in Trenton , a gushing buddy-buddy appearance with Bill Clinton at a policy conference in Chicago last summer , and his spirited defense of the country 's surveillance and drone efforts , a position that rankles libertarians . Brandon Patterson , a 23-year-old student at the Pat Roberston-founded Regent University in Virginia , summed up the prevailing conservative attitude toward Christie at last summer 's Faith and Freedom Coalition conference in Washington . "  He is not very popular here , " Patterson said . "  Nobody is excited to support him at all . Nobody that I know of . He 's a moderate . " Talk to any strategist backing his potential GOP opponents , and you 'll hear a similar take on Christie 's decision to sign the DREAM Act : Supporting tuition breaks for illegal immigrants burnishes his reputation with the Amtrak corridor pundit class , but it cements Christie 's status as persona non grata at the Pizza Ranches of western Iowa and diners of New Hampshire . "  This amnesty bill is just another in a really , really long list of reasons why Republican primary voters do n't trust Christie , " said a national GOP operative working for a likely 2016 rival . "  From guns , to Sandy spending , to hugging Obama , he 'll have a tough time winning any early state primaries . Unless , of course , ` Morning Joe ' holds an early state Republican primary that I 'm unaware of . " But there 's another way to look at it : The conservatives who despise Christie for signing the tuition bill probably would n't support him anyway . They might not like him , but he does n't need them , either Let those conservatives flock to Ted Cruz and Rand Paul and Rick Santorum . The silent plurality of Republican primary voters -- the blue hairs , the country clubbers , the Rotarians -- do n't garner the kind of media attention ginned up by tea party groups and outspoken pastors , but they vote . After all , Mitt Romney , that squishy scion of the hated "  establishment , " lost the Iowa caucuses by only 34 votes . And whatever failings Christie may have , few dispute that he has natural political talents and a rapport with voters that Romney never had . Reid says Boehner will compromise on immigration reform The dynamics of the 2012 race were different than they will be in 2016 ; a fiscal conservative like Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker could clog Christie 's lane in the business community . But early state operatives sympathetic to Christie are hopeful that there will be even more space in 2016 for a candidate who wants the party to expand its popular appeal . Tim Albrecht , a Republican operative in Iowa and former adviser to Gov. Terry Branstad , pointed out that the Iowa House passed a version of the DREAM Act way back in 2004 .  The bill , however , did not become law . "  Led by a Republican majority , the Iowa House unanimously passed the Dream Act in 2004 , " Albrecht said in an e-mail . "  Iowa has been ahead of the curve on this issue , and Republicans value fairness . While there will be a vocal minority speaking out against immigration reform , a majority of Republicans and caucus-goers will not take issue with Gov. Christie 's position on the DREAM Act , and in growing circles it will gain him support . " And for those without long memories , one only needs to look back to 2008 to find a Republican candidate who bucked the party faithful on a range of issues , including immigration , and won the presidential nomination . John McCain ran for president while the immigration overhaul he backed was collapsing in Congress . His campaign fell apart in the process , but McCain recovered and mounted a remarkable comeback , facing questions about immigration all the while . In a crowded Republican field , he even won South Carolina , that conservative bastion , by courting the party establishment and cobbling together a coalition of coastal newcomers , moderate suburbanites and national security hawks in a state loaded with military families and veterans . Ever since the Barry Goldwater wipeout of 1964 , no Republican candidate has won the Republican nomination without having at least one foot planted firmly on the establishment side of the party divide . This is the bet Christie is making , so do n't expect him to back away from signing the tuition bill , or any of piece of legislation , once he makes his barely concealed presidential campaign official . As long as Christie is up front about where he stands , his positions may not hurt him as much as the right claims , said Robert Cahaly , a longtime Republican operative in South Carolina . "  It 's running over a political speed bump , not into a brick wall , " Cahaly said of Christie 's support for the tuition bill . "  He 's got to do what he thinks is right and not apologize for it . Sort of his schtick . " "  Now is as good a time as any to get it out of the way , " Cahaly said . "  It 's kind of like that fight you 've got to have with your bother over that lawnmower he wrecked . Do n't put it off all summer . It 's better for the Thanksgiving table . South Carolina GOP voters have forgiven and forgotten much more . Ask John McCain . "	Immigration reform remains a litmus test among GOP primary voters Possible 2016 candidate Chris Christie will sign New Jersey 's version of the DREAM Act Bill allows undocumented immigrants who attended high school to pay in-state rate GOP operative says as long as Christie is up front about his position , it might not hurt him
Democrats in key Senate races are showing some strength in the final stretch of election season -- but it may not be enough to keep the chamber . A new CNN/ORC poll released Friday shows Democrat Michelle Nunn leading Republican David Perdue 47 % to 44 % among likely voters . A WAFB poll out this week in Louisiana found incumbent Democrat Mary Landrieu four points ahead of Republican Bill Cassidy . And a recent Courier-Journal/Survey USA poll in Kentucky found Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes trailing Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell by just one point . It 's enough to make Democrats feel cautiously optimistic about their ability to hold onto the Senate . But there 's a problem : in two of the races -- Georgia and Louisiana -- Democrats will need to win at least 50 % of the vote to avoid a runoff . And neither candidate is clearing that threshold in polls . The stakes are huge . Democrats could upend Republican hopes of picking up the net gain of six seats needed to claim the Senate if they find a way to succeed in these races without a runoff . The good news-bad news scenario is reflected in today 's Georgia poll . "  It is a surprising show of strength for a Democrat in a state in which no Democrat has won a statewide election in over a decade , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . Democratic and Republican consultants credit Nunn , daughter of former senator Sam Nunn , with running a strong campaign . She gained momentum in recent weeks by slamming one of former CEO Perdue 's supposed strengths : his business record , and accused him of shipping US jobs overseas . The CNN poll also shows Nunn beating Perdue 51 % to 47 % in a run-off election that will take place on Jan. 6 if neither candidate wins in the first round . The data , however , is based on those likely to vote in November and the electorate in run-off elections typically differs from first round votes . As Nunn inches closer to the 50 % threshold , her fate could lie with libertarian candidate Amanda Swafford , who is polling at 5 % of likely voters . No one knows whether Swafford 's supporters will gravitate to Perdue or simply stay home -- and their decision could have big implications for who wins the race . An idiosyncratic election system is also a problem for Democrats in Louisiana , where Sen. Mary Landrieu led the last five polls ahead of the state 's open primary , which will send two candidates to a run-off if no one wins 50 % of the vote . An outright win is eluding Landrieu . Though she 's ahead of Cassidy , recent polls show her garnering only support in the high 30 % to low 40 % range . Even worse for Landrieu , when voters are asked if they plan to vote for Landrieu in the run-off , she trails Cassidy by between three and nine percent . Robert Hogan , a political science professor at Louisiana State University , said Landrieu has seen her state rapidly trend more Republican since she won the seat for the first time in 1996 , and says a run-off may be one step too far for her . "  I think that her support is probably around 42 or 43 percent , " Hogan said . The runoffs will be even more crucial if the results determine control of the Senate . Such a scenario would unleash a torrent of national attention , campaign cash and duels by top party surrogates , which could produce cliffhanger election nights weeks after voters go to the polls in November .	Candidates in Louisiana and Georgia must win 50 % to win a runoff Democrats in those states are ahead in some polls but have n't cleared 50 %
CNN  -- Can graphic design help protect your privacy ? Sang Mun , a designer and former NSA contractor , thinks so . Just months after Edward Snowden controversially lifted the lid on digital surveillance being conducted by the U.S. and other governments , the issue of online privacy is back in the spotlight . Earlier this month Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg expressed concern that users ' trust in internet companies had been damaged by the revelations . Google 's Eric Schmidt also called for greater transparency from the U.S. government over surveillance . Sang Mun 's response was more direct -- the Korean designer has created four new fonts called ZXX that aim to disrupt the Optical Character Recognition  OCR  systems used by Google and others to analyze text . ZXX Type Specimen Video from Sang Mun on Vimeo . "  I decided to create a typeface that would be unreadable by text scanning software  whether used by a government agency or a lone hacker  , " Mun told CNN via email , "  misdirecting information or sometimes not giving any at all . " Mun , who worked with the NSA during his time in the Korean military , says that a number of global developments motivated him to act : "  The news about the NSA secretly building the country 's biggest data center ; the House passing the controversial Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act  CISPA  ; the social network media accumulating abundant information on every individual 's life ; Google announcing its work-in-progress Glass project -- and the list goes on . " "  Sometimes these ideas about privacy can feel large and abstract to the average person . I thought that addressing these issues through the design of a typeface -- a building block of language and communication -- would bring home the conversation to the average person , " Mun says . The four different fonts -- Camo , False , Noise and Xed -- were developed through a rigorous process of drawing and testing , Mun says : "  The challenge was to make the OCR legible typeface illegible to computer vision , while keeping it readable to the human eye . " Each font uses a different optical trick to make them difficult to scan : ` Camo ' adds camouflage-like patterns over letters , ` Noise ' overlays the letters with dots , ` Xed ' puts a neat X across each character , and ` False ' uses a small letter beneath a larger ` false ' one . Matthew Green , Research Professor of Computer Science at Johns Hopkins University , says that of the four different fonts , ` False ' could be most promising , but that in his view camouflaged fonts are not terribly effective at protecting people 's privacy : "  For standard optical character recognition that 's tuned to read traditional typefaces and handwriting , yes , I think  these fonts  will be confusing ... But if the NSA really wants to detect this data ? Not really . The problem here is that the fonts do n't appear to be randomized , which means every time I type the letter ` A ' I 'll get the same letter . To an OCR program these letters are just shapes . The funny-looking A shape is no more difficult to detect than a real A shape . " Ross Anderson , Professor in Security Engineering at the University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory , shares Green 's criticisms : "  I do n't think any of this is more than privacy theater . The fonts could probably be broken . " Mun concedes that the fonts ' actual effectiveness may be limited , but that he hopes they will alert people to the issue of digital surveillance : "  ZXX is a call to action , both practically and symbolically , to raise questions about privacy . Intercepting and storing world citizens ' words and thoughts is simply a vulgar intrusion on our daily lives ... It 's our duty to call out crimes against democracy . " Sang Mun 's fonts are available for download here . Ross Anderson 's font can be found here .	Designer Sang Mun creates ` unhackable ' fonts The four fonts are designed to disrupt Optical Character Recognition software Experts suggest that to be effective such fonts would need to be used with encryption
Wired  -- It 's fun to imagine what Michael Mapes ' studio must look like : You would assume that the New York-based artist 's workspace has to resemble the lab of a harebrained entomologist , with test tubes , specimen bags and pushpins strewn about . In reality , of course , to create the startlingly elaborate sculptural portraits Mapes is known for , he has to be much more organized than that . "  It does take a fairly high degree of organization , " assures me . "  But that 's not the hardest part . " Take a glance through Mapes ' work , and you 'll understand what he means . Technically , Mapes is a portraitist , though he rarely uses paint . Instead , the artist recreates the human visage by arranging fragments of a person 's life -- photographs , locks of hair , handwriting samples , jewelry -- into highly detailed works of art . Read more : Seven hand gestures that make you look like a real intellectual Mapes has been making these pieces for years , generally working with subjects intimately close to him . But in his newest project , he 's decided to deconstruct  then reconstruct  some of the Dutch Masters ' most famous 17th century portraits , rendering classics like Bartholomeus van der Helst 's painting of Geertruida den Dubbelde into startling franken-portraits . Each of Mapes ' pieces are constructed from what he describes as "  biographical DNA , " the little pieces of physical information he pieces together to create a finished portrait . Typically , this is a fairly simple process with Mapes gathering his photos , bits of hair , and handwriting samples from his living subject 's home and then organizing them into a portrait using test tubes , little baggies or pushpins . With the Dutch Masters series , he had to be a bit more resourceful . Mapes begins each portrait by downloading copyright-free images from various museums ' websites . From there , he crops each image , zeroing in on certain features like an eyeball , fingertip or face before printing out dozens of each . "  I 'm occasionally reminded that I 'm not a typical customer when the manager walks the envelope of prints out to me personally with a curious eye , " he says . Read more : Ever seen these pics of MDMA and LSD ? They 're Intense He considers each subject as a collection of individual parts . "  I tend to produce hundreds and hundreds of samples before I start working with the actual composition , " he explains . "  In this way , I can work more intuitively in the composition , again , with the spirit of a painter -- in a lab coat , so to speak . " The process of gathering these bits of biographical DNA is an attempt to form some sort of cohesive picture about what the final portrait should look like . "  I generally tape a number of photos on the wall and ponder where to go from there , " he says . Of course , Mapes ' final portrait is going to look a lot like the original , only with a much more of an artistically rendered shrine vibe . There are clever and nuanced departures from the 17th-century versions . For example , one thing you notice about the Dutch Masters ' portraits is how utterly PG they are . Women are shrouded in black , their necks even fully covered . "  These subjects were surely well known to the artists who painted them , " says Mapes . "  Imagine the restraint required of van der Helst in not including a bit of Geertruida 's legs . " Read more : Wildly detailed drawings that combine math and butterflies At a distance , Mapes ' work echoes the puritanical rigidity of the Dutch Masters , but when you get up close and really examine what his sculptural paintings are made of you 'll notice photographs of bare legs and bits of cleavage filling out the skin tone of the Dutch Masters ' subjects . Mapes has even incorporated locks of hair . All this is an attempt to shift our perspectives , and hopefully inspire us to re-examine how we perceive what 's around us . "  My hope , " he says . "  Is that it encourages different ways of processing and interpreting what and how we look at things -- art , science or anything . " Read more from WIRED : Could a Mix of Sand and Pee Be a Super-Green Replacement for Concrete ? Watch : This High-Tech 3-D Cardboard Could Make Bubble Wrap Obsolete A Genius Design for Airplane Seats as Comfy as Aeron Chairs Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Michael Mapes reconstructed some of the most famous Dutch Masters ' portraits from 17th century . The New York-based artist used test tubes , pushpins strewn , or locks of hair to create the highly elaborate sculptural portraits . Mapes countered the Dutch Masters ' puritanical rigidity by including photographs of bare legs and bits of cleavage filling out skin tones .
A House Intelligence subcommittee will hear from CIA security officers who are expected to tell a much more detailed story about the terror attack in Benghazi , Libya , that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans last year , CNN has learned . The men , described by sources as former Navy SEALs , former Army Special Forces and former Marines , were under contract to guard CIA agents on the ground there . The security officers were among those who responded when Stevens ' compound was attacked on the night of September 11 , 2012 . They will appear before lawmakers behind closed doors during the week of November 11 , sources told CNN . Members of Congress have been trying to get access to the security officers and CIA agents , but those attempts have failed to date . Of the estimated nearly two dozen CIA operatives on the ground that night , only one has testified , the sources said . Frustrated lawmakers have told CNN they have been dissatisfied with the investigation so far conducted by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers , R-Michigan . His staff defends the work of the committee , telling CNN previously the review has included nine full committee hearings , roundtable discussions with some Obama administration officials , an interim report and a vow that the investigation continues . The members of Congress say they do n't want information that 's filtered like what they 've gotten in briefings and documents , but that they want to hear the answers to three basic questions straight from those who were there : One : What was the CIA doing in Libya ? There have been allegations the CIA was operating a gun-running program with weapons going from Libya to Syrian rebels . Two : What happened during the failed rescue attempts ? CNN has been told that there was a group of would-be rescuers at the CIA annex , armed and ready to go within minutes of the attack , but they were held off until finally they defied orders and staged a rescue on their own . Sen. Lindsey Graham pushes for answers Three : Did the administration know immediately that this was a planned terrorist attack ? And if so , why did administration officials try to first claim it was a spontaneous response to a demonstration over a movie that offended Muslims ? "  I think that there 's a real mystery here surrounding what really took place and for reasons unbeknownst to me , the Congress as well as the agency are going out of their way to protect whatever there was that they were doing operationally in Libya , " said Fred Burton , a former State Department diplomatic security agent who has written a book about Benghazi that 's now being turned into an HBO movie . And sources say the CIA has been trying to keep its employees quiet . CNN reported previously that some operatives involved in the agency 's missions in Libya have been subjected to frequent -- even monthly -- polygraph examinations to find out whether they 've have spoken to Congress or the media , according to sources with deep inside knowledge of the agency 's workings . The CIA said in a statement this is "  patently false . " "  Not a single CIA officer who was on the ground in Benghazi during the attacks has been subjected to any CIA polygraph intended to discourage them from speaking to Congress or as retaliation , " the agency told CNN . "  To date , some of these officers have already spoken to the oversight committees on Benghazi , " it added . Commandos were poised for Libya raid to get Benghazi suspect	CIA contractors who responded to terror attack in Libya will tell their story to Congress Lawmakers have been pressing for witness accounts from the September 2012 attack Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed in attack Benghazi has become a political flashpoint between Republicans and Obama administration
Yosemite National Park , California  CNN  -- The numbers are staggering and the prospects are scary as a still-growing California wildfire menaces Yosemite National Park and San Francisco 's water supply . The tourist hotspot Yosemite Valley and its iconic attractions , including the El Capitan rock formation , currently are safe , miles from the Rim Fire 's reach . However , the blaze was on the edge of the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir , which serves 2.6 million customers in the Bay Area . Water quality remains unchanged , despite ash that has fallen on the 459-square-mile reservoir , because the water is drawn from a depth of 260 feet , according to the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission . The city was already transferring 275 million gallons of water daily from Hetch Hetchy to other reservoirs because Hetch Hetchy is full , but as a precautionary measure , the city increased that amount by 27 million gallons , a Tuesday statement said . The commission said it was confident the Rim Fire would not affect the reservoir : "  Due to the rocky , granite terrain and limited brush along the perimeter of the reservoir , there is little risk for direct water quality impacts . " The fire could threaten the area 's hydroelectric generators , which provide much of San Francisco 's electricity . Because of the approaching flames , officials shut down the generators , and the city -- more than 120 miles to the west -- temporarily is getting power from elsewhere . "  All of San Francisco 's municipal electric customers continue to be fully supplied ; there will be no interruption in electric service , " the commission said . The Rim Fire , which has devoured about 184,000 acres , was still only 20 % contained as of Tuesday evening . It is the seventh largest blaze in California 's recorded history . "  There 's a lot of concern , and there 's a lot of work to be done , " U.S. Forest Service spokesman Lee Bentley said . Firefighters on Tuesday were able to build fire lines in several locations . Evacuations were ordered south of Highway 120 , north of Old Yosemite Road and along the Highway 108 corridor between Tuolumne City and Pinecrest . "  Access and difficult terrain remain concerns for crews and equipment , " said an incident report . "  Rapid fire growth and extreme fire behavior are hampering suppression efforts . " As many as 20 helicopters and DC-10 and C-130 air tankers were aiding the efforts of 3,800 firefighting personnel . A top priority is stopping the fire from spreading farther in Yosemite National Park . A portion of Tioga Road in the park will be closed for several days beginning Wednesday so that firefighters can perform fire suppression . "  The work that will be performed over the next few days is instrumental in suppressing the Rim Fire within Yosemite . The safety of the firefighters working along the road is our paramount concern , " park Superintendent Don Neubacher said in a statement . Tamarack Flat and Yosemite Creek campgrounds , both located along Tioga Road , will remain closed . Yosemite fire : Blaze spreads to national park Yosemite , with hundreds of campground sites and lodging units , had nearly 4 million visitors last year , the National Park Service said . The park typically has 15,000 visitors on a busy summer weekend . While the Rim Fire has consumed at least 12,000 acres in the northwest section of the park , it has had little or no direct impact on Yosemite Valley , a popular spot for tourists and home to many of the famous cliffs and waterfalls in the park . The park has closed a few roads , campgrounds and wildlife trails while restricting smoking and building camping or cooking fires in wilderness areas . About 5,500 structures , many of them vacation homes , were under threat , according to InciWeb , a federal website that collects information from agencies such as the U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management . The fire has cost more than $ 20 million , Bentley said . Thirty-one residences and 80 outbuildings have been destroyed . Wildfire threatens 90-year-old cabin The inferno threatened the Yosemite gateway communities of Groveland and Pine Mountain Lake just outside the Stanislaus National Forest . "  Business is slow , very slow , " said Corinna Loh , owner of the Iron Door Saloon in Groveland . Her normal season is Memorial Day to Labor Day . "  This is time we manage to save up money to make it through the winter , so it 's really scary for all of us , " she said , sitting among empty tables . The Tuolumne County Sheriff 's Office , meanwhile , issued evacuation advisories for the town of Tuolumne and nearby Ponderosa Hill , InciWeb said . It was not clear how many residents were covered by the evacuation advisory . Authorities say the Rim Fire started on August 17 . The cause is under investigation . What you need to know about wildfires CNN 's Nick Valencia and Gary Tuchman reported from Yosemite National Park , and Ed Payne and Eliott C. McLaughlin reported and wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	NEW : Rim Fire has burned more than 184,000 acres Road in Yosemite Park will close for several days Evacuating residents say they 're worried about their homes
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Monday challenged a university audience to look into "  who was truly involved " in the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , defended his right to question established Holocaust history and denied there were gay Iranians . When pressed about the harsh treatment of women , homosexuals and academics who challenge Iran 's government , Ahmadinejad painted a rosy picture , saying , "  Women in Iran enjoy the highest levels of freedom , " he said . He elicited laughter and boos from the audience at Columbia University when he said , "  In Iran , we do n't have homosexuals , like in your country . " His remarks , which lasted about an hour , made several general references to God , religion and science . He portrayed himself as an academic , misunderstood and unfairly criticized in the United States . Ahmadinejad is in New York to address the United Nations General Assembly on Tuesday . He spoke at the invitation of Columbia 's president , Lee Bollinger , who in his introduction excoriated the leader by saying he "  exhibit -LSB- s -RSB- all the signs of a petty and cruel dictator . " Blaming his schedule , Ahmadinejad left Columbia after his speech before answering many questions posed to him , Bollinger said . Hundreds gathered to protest Ahmadinejad 's appearance , incensed that a leader who has publicly denied the Holocaust and called for the destruction of the state of Israel was given a prestigious forum to espouse his beliefs . Christine C. Quinn , speaker of the New York City Council , said Columbia should not be giving Ahmadinejad a platform . "  All he will do on that stage ... is spew more hatred and more venom out there to the world , " she said . Hamid Dabashi , a professor of Iranian studies at Columbia , called the whole forum "  misguided . " Refusing to back off of his stance on Israel , Ahmadinejad again questioned whether the Holocaust happened . "  If the Holocaust is a reality of our time , a history that occurred , why is there not sufficient research that can approach the topic from different perspectives ? " he asked . The Iranian leader has made statements in the past suggesting Israel be politically "  wiped off the map , " though he insists that can be accomplished without violence . See some of Ahmadinejad 's controversial remarks " While he would not respond with a "  yes " or "  no " when asked Monday if he sought the destruction of Israel , he said the status of Israel should be determined by a free election . "  Let the people of Palestine freely choose what they want for their future , " he said . Ahmadinejad has drawn fire for defying international demands that Iran halt production of enriched uranium . At Columbia , he said Iran is a member of the International Atomic Energy Agency , the world 's central nuclear technology governing body , and has submitted many times to IAEA inspections . "  Over and over again the agency 's reports indicate that Iran 's activities are peaceful , that they have not detected a deviation , " he said . Washington and other nations accuse Tehran of trying to create a nuclear weapons program . Watch reaction to Ahmadinejad speaking at Columbia University " Ahmadinejad said Iran questions "  the way the world is being run and managed today . " But he said Iran would hold talks with the U.S. government "  under fair and just circumstances . " U.S. officials have said Iranian explosives and weapons are making their way to Shiite Muslim militias in Iraq 's sectarian conflict and have been used against U.S. troops in the four-year-old war . U.S. commanders have said they have captured Iranian agents involved in supplying those weapons to the militias , some of which have longstanding ties to Iran . On this point , Ahmadinejad employed a tactic he used often Monday -- answering questions with more questions . Bollinger asked , "  Why is your government providing aid to terrorists ? Will you stop doing so and permit international monitoring to certify that you have stopped ? " Through a translator , Ahmadinejad replied , "  Well , I want to pose a question here to you . If someone comes and explodes bombs around you , threatens your president , members of the administration , kills the members of the Senate or Congress , how would you treat them ? Would you reward them or would you name them a terrorist group ? Well , it 's clear . You would call them a terrorist . " Earlier Ahmadinejad had said he wanted to visit ground zero in New York to "  pay his respects " to those who died in the attack on the twin towers at the World Trade Center . Several groups were outraged . Security became an issue and the visit was canceled . Asked what he hoped to accomplish there , the Iranian president said it was unfair he could not extend his sympathies to victims of the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks . Addressing the press directly , he seemed to make a connection between the "  root causes " of the September 11 , 2001 attacks and a solution in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  If the root causes of 9/11 are examined properly -- why it happened , what caused it , what were the conditions that led to it , who truly was involved , who was really involved -- and put it all together to understand how to prevent the crisis in Iraq , fix the problem in Afghanistan and Iraq combined . " He stressed repeatedly that Iran wants to negotiate with the United States and other nations , several times describing Iran as a "  cultured " and "  civilized " nation . "  I think that if the U.S. administration , if the U.S. government puts aside some of its old behaviors , it can actually be a good friend for the Iranian people , for the Iranian nation , " he said . "  For 28 years , they 've consistently threatened us , insulted us , prevented our scientific development , every day , under one pretext or another . " As he ended his talk at Columbia , he invited faculty and students to visit any university in Iran they choose . "  We 'll give you the platform . We 'll respect you 100 percent . We will have our students sit there and listen to you , speak with you , hear what you have to say , " he assured . Earlier Monday , in a question-and-answer videoconference with the National Press Club , Ahmadinejad said the Middle East can govern itself without interference from the United States and other Western nations . Speaking from New York to the luncheon in Washington , Ahmadinejad said Iran wanted to see "  an independent powerful Iraq ... which will benefit the entire region . " "  We are two nations interconnected , " he said of Iran and Iraq . "  We are brothers and friends . " But he said the region did n't need U.S. help . "  We oppose the way the U.S. government tries to manage the world . ... We propose more humane methods of establishing peace , " he said . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Israel 's status should be determined by elections , Iran leader says NEW : No homosexuals in Iran , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says Columbia University president : Ahmadinejad lacks courage to answer questions Ahmadinejad says "  insults , " false claims in Columbia introduction
CNN  Families of children killed at the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut have filed lawsuits against the estate of the shooter 's mother , saying Nancy Lanza was careless and negligent in leaving a Bushmaster AR-15 rifle unsecured in her home . Adam Lanza , 20 , used the assault rifle to kill 20 first-grade students and six adults in Newtown on December 14 , 2012 . The younger Lanza was mentally unstable and used his mother 's Bushmaster to kill her before he went on the rampage at the school , and then killed himself . At least eight lawsuits have been filed in Connecticut courts since January on behalf of relatives of 16 people killed in the massacre -- four adults and 12 children . Court documents also list two people who suffered serious injuries . In December , the parents of nine children killed at the mass shooting , along with one teacher who survived , filed a separate lawsuit against the businesses behind the Bushmaster rifle . Report finds missed chances to help Newtown shooter The wrongful death lawsuit , filed one day after the second anniversary of the killings , named Camfour , a gun distributor ; Riverview Gun Sales ; as well as the Freedom Group , the company that owns Bushmaster . It blamed the numerous lives lost in just 264 seconds on the shooter 's weapon of choice , the Bushmaster . Koskoff Koskoff & Bieder , the law firm for the families in the Bushmaster lawsuit , is also representing some families in the cases against Lanza 's estate . The lawsuits were first reported Friday in the Connecticut Post , which said Nancy Lanza is believed to have had insurance on the home worth more than $ 1 million . "  Unlike our case against Bushmaster , Camfour  the distributor  , and Riverview for the negligent entrustment and marketing of combat AR-15 's designed for the military to inflict mass casualties against the enemy to civilians like Nancy Lanza , we expect this claim to be resolved quickly , " attorney Josh Koskoff said of the estate lawsuits . The lawsuits claim that Nancy Lanza kept the rapid-fire Bushmaster in her home "  unsecured " and that her "  carelessness and negligence " contributed to the pain and suffering of the victims . A look at Newtown in 2013 One lawsuit accused Lanza of allowing her son access to weapons "  despite the fact that she knew , or should have known , that his mental and emotional condition made him a danger to others . " The administrator of Nancy Lanza 's estate , Samuel Starks , this month asked the courts for an extension to reply and asked that the cases needed to be consolidated . CNN 's attempts to reach Starks were unsuccessful .	Lawsuits against estate of Nancy Lanza say she was careless and negligent Her son , Adam , used assault rifle to kill 20 first graders and six adults on December 14 , 2012
Mashable  -- In a rather small survey conducted by a young psychologist , Facebook was shown to have some interesting correlations with self-esteem and narcissism in young adults . In a survey of 100 college students , young people with narcissistic personality traits were shown to exhibit Facebook activity that was distinctly more self-promotional . These people had "  About Me " sections that referred to their intelligence and photos that were more about displaying the user 's physical attractiveness than about capturing memories with friends . Narcissism is defined in the survey , by a researcher at York University in Toronto , Canada , as "  a pervasive pattern of grandiosity , need for admiration and an exaggerated sense of self-importance . " For the average narcissist , Facebook "  offers a gateway for hundreds of shallow relationships and emotionally detached communication . " More importantly for this study , social networking in general allows the user a great deal of control over how he or she is presented to and perceived by peers and other users . Mashable.com : Study says social media is for narcissists The study postulated that narcissists would show more overall Facebook activity than average users and that their activity would be more self-promotional , either descriptively or superficially . The survey 's results showed "  significant positive correlations between narcissism and self-promotional content in the following areas : Main Photo , View Photos , Status Updates and Notes . " People who scored higher on the study 's narcissism test also spent more time on Facebook and checked it more times each day than their less narcissistic counterparts . Mashable.com : Weekend stories you may have missed Male narcissists were more self-promotional in their "  About Me " descriptions , using this section as an opportunity to highlight their intelligence and wit . Female users with narcissistic tendencies tended to use images in their self-promotion , uploading content that "  include -LSB- d -RSB- revealing , flashy and adorned photos of their physical appearance . " Mashable.com : Older adults nearly double social media presence The researcher notes that this study is intended to be a preliminary look at nonynous social networking , a fairly new field for academic scrutiny . As we abandon the fake avatars and cryptic usernames of years past and begin associating our online identities with our real-world lives , our online activities begin to have more relevance to our true personality traits . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	New study suggests correlations between narcissism and behavior on Facebook in young adults People who scored higher on narcissism test spent more time on Facebook Male narcissists were more self-promotional in their "  About Me " descriptions Female users with narcissistic tendencies tended to use images in their self-promotion
CNN  -- The sun is not yet up over Singapore 's Kranji Racecourse but Michael Freedman 's day has already started . "  Most days I 'm up just before 5 o'clock , " the genial Australian explains . "  I get to the stables just before half past five and the track opens at 6 o'clock . It 's a little different to how they do it back home or in Europe but we have to start early because of the heat here . " The heat is just one of challenges faced by racehorse trainers working in the tropical climes of Singapore . Humidity is in the range of 70 -- 80 % , while thunderstorms are an almost daily occurrence . "  It 's a three shower a day city , " jokes Freedman , who came to Singapore from his native Australia in 2008 . "  It 's a lot hotter here , the horses sweat a lot more , so you do make subtle adjustments to counter that . " Freedman is the youngest of four brothers , all successful trainers in Australia . "  My brothers and I have been involved -LSB- in training -RSB- for 25 or 30 years . I was part of a partnership with them until recently when the opportunity came up to set up here and train under my own name . " It meant transplanting his wife and three children -- triplets -- to a new country ; a gamble that seems to have paid off : "  My wife loves it here and my kids are very happy . You just need to adjust to the way things are done here -- and sometimes they 're done a bit differently ! " Freedman arrived with a small team and immediately made an impact on the Singapore scene . In contrast to Australia , where racing takes place six or seven days a week , Kranji hosts two cards a week , on Friday evenings and on Sundays . During the rest of the week the course doubles as a training ground for the 27 trainers and around 1,100 horses that are based here . Every morning before sunrise , a gaggle of trainers can be found watching through binoculars from the viewing deck as their charges are put through their paces under the floodlights . As many as 30 to 40 horses may be on the track at any one time . After completing their laps , the thoroughbreds return to the yard , drenched in foamy white sweat , from where their grooms take them back to their air-conditioned stables . The majority of the horses here are sourced from overseas and shipped to the island nation as yearlings . "  There are some from Argentina and a few from the UK and other parts of the world but the bulk of them come from Australia and New Zealand , because there 's no breeding industry in Singapore . "  Once they 've been here for 12 months they 're considered ` local . ' " An important distinction : the Gold Cup , Singapore 's most prestigious race and the third leg of the Singapore ` Triple Crown ' , is only open to ` local ' horses . "  The Gold Cup is everything in terms of Singapore racing . It 's a time honored race . It 's a race that any trainer or owner or jockey would aspire to win so if we were lucky enough for that to happen on Sunday that 'd be huge for us , for sure . It 's not easy to win . I ran fourth in it last year . "  They race left handed , as we always do here . It 's on the turf track and it 's over 2,200 m under handicap conditions so that makes it a very open race . My main chance , Always Certain , will be carrying top weight on Sunday which will make his job difficult but I 've got a lot of faith in his ability . " As if on cue the dawn sky is ruptured by a flash of lightning , briefly rendering the floodlights redundant as the track is illuminated by white light . The horses , accustomed to the vagaries of the Singaporean climate , do not miss a stride . "  That would be our daily thunderstorm . And when it rains here it really rains : we 've had two or three inches of rain here in the space of 20 minutes . Usually the rain comes and goes very quickly -- you do n't often see rain sort of settling in for an entire day here . We get some pretty amazing storms here so you just work in and around it . " ` Working around it ' and making adjustments is something Freedman has learned to do with aplomb since he decided to crack Singaporean racing . In a sport of few certainties , it would perhaps be fitting if the master of reinvention , the adaptable Australian who arrived in Singapore a little under four years ago , captured his first Gold Cup with Always Certain on Sunday .	Australian Michael Freedman has become a leading trainer in Singapore Freedman has had to adapt the horse racing scene in Singapore Heat and humidity the biggest challenges Freedman hopes to train winner in prestigious Singapore Gold Cup
CNN  -- Paul McCartney fans in Japan are going to have to wait a little longer to get "  Out There . " The former Beatle , currently on his "  Out There " tour in Asia , was forced to postpone two shows at the Tokyo National Stadium due to an undisclosed illness . The cancellations are a rare occurrence for the McCartney , who has proven an iron man while maintaining a global tour schedule over the past several years . He 'll turn 72 in June . "  Doctors have ordered Paul complete rest and he has been doing all he can to get better , " read a statement on McCartney 's official website posted Sunday . "  Paul has only ever had to reschedule a handful of shows in his entire career and is so upset about this situation , he hates to let people down . " McCartney wanted to perform against doctor 's orders , the statement continued , "  but his team , along with the doctors , would n't allow it . " McCartney plans to reschedule the shows , which were originally planned for May 18-19 . Shows scheduled for May 21 , at Tokyo 's Nippon Budokan , and May 24 , at Osaka 's Yanmar Stadium Nagai , have also been postponed . The musician was disappointed , according to his site . "  Thank you so much for your kind messages of support , " McCartney wrote . "  I 'm so very touched . Unfortunately my condition has not improved overnight . I was really hoping that I 'd be feeling better today . I 'm so disappointed and sorry to be letting my fans down . " McCartney is currently performing in support of his album "  New , " which was released in October . His tour is scheduled to continue in Seoul , South Korea , on May 28 , before coming to the United States on June 14 .	Paul McCartney got sick in Japan , postponed shows Postponements are rare occurrence for former Beatle McCartney : "  I 'm so disappointed " Tour scheduled to go to Seoul , then over to America in June
CNN  -- Thirty years ago , the United States enacted a law that has inadvertently condemned hundreds of thousands of Americans to death . As a result of the National Organ Transplant Act , more Americans have lost their lives waiting for an organ than died in both World Wars , Korea , Vietnam , Afghanistan and Iraq put together . The law bans almost any payment to living organ donors . Recipients themselves can reimburse donors ' travel , lodging , and lost wages , which helps , when they have the money -- but not when they do n't . Most people who are living donors give to a family member or friend , but the financial hardships are considerable and people are regularly denied permission to donate because they do n't have enough financial resources . I was denied for that reason when I wanted to donate an organ to save a friend 's life . With four kids in college , there was not enough ready cash to donate . And it was against the law for my friend or anyone else to help me with the $ 10,000 or more expenses I had above and beyond travel , lodging , and lost wages . I had passed all medical and psychological tests , yet the living donor coordinator at the transplant center denied our match . My friend died . Researching the issue I realized I was n't alone -- most Americans ca n't afford to donate without considerable financial hardship to themselves and their families . Expenses that ca n't be reimbursed include things like travel costs for a spouse to come along and take care of the donor , that spouse 's lost wages , child-care , household responsibilities and lost income not measurable in wages , such as business income or farm income . Giving an organ costs on average $ 5,000 , but can be as much as $ 20,000 . According to U.S. Census Bureau data , in 2013 , 20 % of American households had no discretionary funds at all , and only 8 % could afford to donate an organ at a cost of more than $ 5,000 without dipping into their savings or going into debt . In 1983 , 10,000 Americans were waiting for a transplant . Today , the number is more than 120,000 , of whom 100,000 need kidneys . At least 400,000 Americans are on some kind of dialysis , many of whom might once have benefited from a transplant , but are now too sick to qualify , or never tried because the odds of securing an organ are so poor . We desperately need to find a way to compensate living donors for their costs . By enabling the government and private charities to cover all of a donor 's expenses as they come up , we would eliminate the lure of fast money , and ensure that people can actually afford to save others ' lives when they are willing . In 2011 , the government implemented a debit card system enabling people to cover the costs of recovering from natural disasters without having to incur debt . We could apply the same system to help organ donors cover their costs . In 2013 , there were 5,990 living American organ donors . If we doubled that rate , we could save over 50,000 lives in the first five years alone . And to top if off , by reducing the need for dialysis -- which is both expensive and a living death for most kidney disease patients -- it would save Medicare money . Very few people who come forward agreeing to donate realize that there is a financial sacrifice until they get well into the process . A 2006 article in the Canadian Medical Association Journal reported a study in one hospital where almost one in four patients ' relatives changed their minds about donating an organ because it was too expensive .  Canada has similar restrictions on compensating donors as the United States . The Transplant Act applies to all major organs , tissues , and bone marrow , but the ban on compensating most expenses hurts those Americans who need kidneys , livers , and bone marrow most . These are all patients who can be helped by living donors , and together they constitute more than 90 % of Americans waiting for transplants . But according to the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network , only 15 % of Americans waiting for a kidney , for example , will receive one . Even if all Americans were to check the organ donor box on their driver 's licenses , a 2003 study in the New England Journal of Medicine found that only about 1 % of people die under conditions that allow them to donate their organs -- the rest are too sick , too injured , or too far from a hospital when they die for their organs to be of use . Thirty years ago , the Transplant Act resulted from quite understandable revulsion at a proposal by Dr. H. Barry Jacobs that the government pay people to come to the U.S. to donate their kidneys . The government , Jacobs figured , could spend relatively little compensating such donors -- maybe only $ 1,000 per kidney -- and then send them on their way . The prospect of the United States shipping thousands of impoverished people here from developing nations so that rich Americans could harvest their kidneys reads like the plot of a science fiction novel . Both Democrats and Republicans rightly fear that reforming the law too dramatically could encourage poor and at-risk populations to sell their organs in exchange for quick cash . Unfortunately , Congress has allowed the pendulum to swing too far in the other direction . By banning almost all compensation to living donors , the government has ensured that only the wealthiest and their friends can afford the costs of donating , while hundreds of thousands of other Americans suffer and die . The original intention of the Transplant Act was to help those in the greatest medical need first . Congress could still enact reforms consistent with that intention . It could allow UNOS , with the help of federal funds , to pay donation-related expenses for Americans willing to help those who are at the top of the waiting list . And it could enable recipients and charities to support donors who helped any patient who needed a transplant . These measures together would assure that government funds went to those closest to dying , and allow non-government funds to cover donor expenses for anyone anywhere on the list . Thirty years ago , the representatives who passed the Transplant Act were unquestionably right to forbid rich Americans from exploiting people from developing countries by trafficking in organs . But they were wrong to forbid helping American organ donors with legitimate expenses . Now , as then , living organ donors make heroic sacrifices to give life to others . We need to do anything we can to help them do that . By striking a new compromise we can save thousands of American lives .	More died waiting for an organ than in WWI and II , Korea , Vietnam , Afghanistan and Iraq Sigrid Fry-Revere : Organ Transplant Act bans most payment to living organ donors Giving an organ costs $ 5,000 average , up to $ 20,000 : Most Americans ca n't afford it Fry-Revere : We need to pay costs of someone donating organs to people most in need
San Francisco  CNN  -- Apple rolled out a high-definition iPad on Wednesday with a faster processor , a better camera and a display screen that promises to be dramatically sharper than the current model , the iPad 2 . "  It is amazing , " Apple CEO Tim Cook said at a San Francisco unveiling . "  We 've taken it to a whole new level , and we are redefining the category that Apple created with the original iPad . " The new 9.7-inch display screen will feature a "  retina display " of 2047 by 1536 pixels , compared with the current model 's 1024 by 768 pixels . To break it down , that 's a total of 3.1 million pixels on the display screen . "  Your retina in your eye can not discern those individual pixels , " said Apple Senior Vice President Phil Schiller . "  The images on it look stunning . " The new iPad will be available in the United States and 9 other countries March 16 and cost the same as the iPad 2 -- from $ 499 to $ 829 based on storage capacity and Wi-Fi capacity . Pre-orders were opened at Apple 's online store on Wednesday . The new version will be available in the U.S. on AT&T and Verizon and will be the first iPad to connect to 4G networks  a fact that , at least for now , remains academic in most cities  . It also will go on sale Friday in Australia , Canada , France , Germany , Hong Kong , Japan , Puerto Rico , Singapore , Switzerland , the UK and the U.S. Virgin Islands . "  This new iPad has the most wireless bands of any device that has ever shipped , and it is truly revolutionary , " Schiller said . And the new iPad will be the first to run on 4G wireless networks , a source familiar with the device 's specifications told CNNMoney on Wednesday . It will have a a 5-megapixel camera , representing a significant leap from the current iPad 's so-so lens . Surprisingly , "  the new iPad " was as close to a name as Apple gave the gadget Wednesday . Predictions had bounced back and forth between "  iPad 3 " and "  iPad HD " before the event . But the announcement ended without an official name being announced . Whether that means Apple plans to abandon an iPhone-like naming routine  iPhone , iPhone 3G , iPhone 3GS , iPhone 4 , iPhone 4S  in favor of occasional upgrades to "  the iPad " remains to be seen . On Wednesday , Cook also announced an updated version of Apple TV , the company 's Web-TV integration device that competes with products like Google TV , Roku and Boxee . The system supports 1080p , or "  Full HD " high-definition video , up from the current model 's 720p . It will be available for $ 99 starting next week and could pave the way for what 's expected to be Apple 's next project : a fully integrated high-definition television . "  Across the year , you 're going to see a lot more of this kind of innovation , " Cook teased at the end of Wednesday 's event . "  We are just getting started . " When the iPad was introduced in early 2010 , tablets already existed , but none had become popular with mainstream consumers . Some analysts wondered if there would be a market for a device that falls somewhere between a smartphone and a laptop but does n't fully replace either . The answer was a resounding "  yes . " The company has sold more than 55 million iPads worldwide to date . Before his death in October , Apple co-founder Steve Jobs predicted that 2011 would be the "  year of the copycat " in the tablet space . In large part , it was , and that was bad news for Apple 's rivals , as competitors from HP to Samsung to Motorola tried unsuccessfully to offer a viable alternative to the iPad . The new iPad will arrive in a somewhat trickier landscape . By going smaller and simpler , Amazon made a splash with its Kindle Fire over the holidays , while rival bookseller Barnes & Noble countered with its popular Nook Tablet . Both devices start at $ 199 . The new Acer Iconia A500 offers more memory than the iPad 2 , while other companies have begun flooding the market with devices that are smaller and cheaper than Apple 's standard-bearer . Just last week , Microsoft rolled out its Windows 8 operating system for tablets , suggesting that Windows-based tablets could be making a serious run . In a move perhaps designed as a shot at these rival upstarts , Cook announced Wednesday that the price on the iPad 2 will be slashed $ 100 . So , a 16GB , Wi-Fi-only model will sell for $ 399 , making it more competitive with the lower-end tablets . Apple surprised many observers last year when the iPad 2 was priced the same as the original iPad : ranging from $ 499 to $ 829 , depending on 3G capability and storage capacity . Cook also announced Wednesday that the 25 billionth app has been downloaded from the App Store . Perhaps significantly , that app was downloaded in China .	NEW : Apple unveils a high-definition iPad The device is the third version of its market-leading tablet It will display 2047x1536 pixels , a huge leap Device goes on sale March 16 for same prices as iPad 2
Washington  CNN  The release of the CIA torture report on Tuesday , detailing brutal post-9 / 11 interrogation tactics , has led to an array of responses from potential 2016 Democratic presidential candidates . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , in an interview with The New York Times released Thursday , moved to the left of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton when he called for a "  special prosecutor " from the Justice Department to look into those who carried out the torture . "  I think there needs to be some accountability so that this does n't happen again , " O'Malley said . "  I do n't believe the United States should torture . Period . Full stop . " All Democrats eying the presidency are against torture , but so far O'Malley is the only to advocate for a Justice Department investigation . Clinton , during her time of the speaking circuit , has advocated for the release of the torture report but not a special prosecutor . "  I thought we needed more transparency , " Clinton said at a June event , reflecting on her time as secretary of state . "  I did n't want people to be criminally prosecuted , people who were doing what they were told to do , that there were legal opinions supporting what they were told to do , but I wanted transparency . " She added , "  And that 's what Dianne Feinstein is trying to provide with that 6,000-page report . And I think the American people deserve to see it . " A Clinton spokesman has not responded to emails asking for comment after the release of the report . Independent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders issued a statement on Tuesday after the torture report was released . "  The United States must not engage in torture , " Sanders said . "  If we do , in an increasingly brutal world , we lose our moral standing to condemn other nations or groups that engage in uncivilized behavior . " Sanders , however , did not comment on a special prosecutor and his spokesman was unable to provide a statement on Thursday from the senator . In a conversation with reporters on Wednesday , Sanders did , however , say that if anyone lied to elected official on torture , "  they should be fired immediately . " And former Sen. Jim Webb , the only Democrat who has announced an exploratory committee into the 2016 race , questioned why lawmakers did n't provide better oversight of the program . "  The policies that allowed or turned a blind eye to these acts are no longer in place . The question is whether the intelligence committees are properly conducting oversight functions today , " he said in a statement . Webb also sent a number of tweets about the torture report that seemed to cast doubt on why Congress was looking into the matter now . "  Where was the Intelligence Committee when the torture was going on , " question Webb in one tweet . "  The question is not torture , but how far Congress has descended in its historical oversight role on key issues of foreign policy , " he said in another .	All 2016 Democrats are against torture , but have varying reactions to this week 's torture report release Martin O'Malley went the farthest when he called for a special prosecutor from the Justice Department Hillary Clinton supported the release of the report , but has yet to comment on its revelations Jim Webb questioned Congress ' role in the matter in tweets after the report was released
CNN  -- Fighting flared in Yemen 's volatile southern region Thursday , as security forces battled armed Islamic militants in one town and reports surfaced of arrests and deaths in two other cities . Fighting erupted for six hours Wednesday in Hawta , the capital of Lahj province , when armed Islamic militants attacked government compounds , according to a security official who asked not to be named because he 's not authorized to speak to the media . Three people died and at least 12 people were wounded in the clashes Wednesday , the official said . The fierce fighting between security personnel and insurgents resumed Thursday , witnesses said . Yemeni state TV also reported unrest in the southern towns of Zinjibar and Aden . It said al Qaeda militants in Zinjibar killed two residents and injured another in a mortar attack , and it reported the arrests of 10 al Qaeda members and five other people for firing at civilians and ransacking stores in Aden 's Mansoura area . The security official and witnesses provided more detail to CNN about the fighting in Hawta . Armed militants took over security offices and fired rocket-propelled grenades at the central bank branch office and the compound of the judiciary on Wednesday , the official said . Terrified eyewitnesses and residents said they were ordered by the militants to stay indoors , and shops were forced to shut down . "  The gunmen were in control quickly and government forces did not fight back in most cases , " said Abdul Sattar Ali , a store owner in the province . "  The gunmen occupied the buildings quickly . " Impoverished Yemen has been wracked with tension in recent months . Anti-government demonstrations have engulfed the country , and protesters are demanding that President Ali Abdullah Saleh leave office . Saleh was wounded nearly two weeks ago when the presidential compound was attacked , and he is recovering at a hospital in neighboring Saudi Arabia . Government forces have been locked in conflict with al Qaeda 's Yemen wing , and authorities fear that the group , called al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP , is exploiting the country 's political instability . It has a strong presence in southern Yemen . AQAP has been labeled as a foreign terrorist organization by the United States . The growing unrest has affected U.S. training operations aimed at helping combat AQAP in Yemen , U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen told reporters Thursday . "  I worry a great deal about its continuing to grow and become more violent over time , " he said . "  I certainly would say that  the unrest  has gotten in the way of the training . ... The Yemeni forces are very focused on their own country right now . " On Thursday , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton classified AQAP operative Othman al-Ghamdi as a "  specially designated global terrorist " under an executive order that "  targets terrorists and those providing support to terrorists or acts of terrorism . " It is the department 's seventh listing of an AQAP member . A senior administration official told CNN that Ghamdi was released from the Guantanamo detention facility in 2006 and had been one of well over 100 detainees the Bush administration sent to Saudi Arabia . Al-Ghamdi "  has been involved in raising funds for the organization 's operations and activities in Yemen " and has "  worked with other AQAP members to plan and stockpile weapons for future attacks , " the State Department said in a news release . He appeared in a video alongside Fahd al-Quso , an AQAP operative wanted for his role in the USS Cole bombing in October 2000 , the department said . Ghamdi was identified publicly as AQAP 's operational commander in the video , released in May 2010 , The State Department said a U.N. panel has taken similar action against al-Ghamdi . CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report	NEW : Adm. Mike Mullen says unrest in Yemen has affected U.S. training efforts there State TV reports a deadly attack in Zinjibar and arrests in Aden Fighting also occurs in the Lahj provincial capital Militants attack government compounds in Hawta
A car bomb exploded Thursday , killing at least 12 people near Somalia 's national intelligence headquarters in the capital of Mogadishu , security spokesman Idris Aden said . Most of them were government soldiers . At least 10 other people were injured in the blast after a minivan packed with explosives crashed into a restaurant and blew up , sending flames and black smoke into the air . Al-Shabaab rebels claimed responsibility for the attack , which spokesman Sheikh Abdiaziz Abu Musab said killed 15 security force members . The injured were taken to a nearby hospital , Aden said . The restaurant is popular with Somali security forces . Last week , militants carried out a deadly attack on Somalia 's presidential palace , exploding a bomb and then opening fire . At least 12 died , including two government officials and seven Al-Shabaab attackers , but President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud was unharmed . Bombings have rattled Mogadishu in regular intervals this year , and Al-Shabaab has regularly taken responsibility for them . The group , which the United States has designated as a terrorist organization , hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state by force . It also has launched attacks in other countries , such as Kenya and Uganda , that have killed dozens .	Al-Shabaab rebels claim responsibility for the attack A minivan packed with explosives hit a restaurant popular with security forces At least 10 people were injured Last week , militants carried out a deadly attack on Somalia 's presidential palace
On Wednesday , when New York Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr. told his staff that he had dismissed executive editor Jill Abramson , he cited an "  issue with management in the newsroom " and said he would n't get into the details . On Saturday , he concluded that he had to -- and he sent a detailed 475-word statement to the press that listed Abramson 's shortcomings . The unsparing statement came after days of news reports that questioned whether Abramson was the victim of sexism . Allies of Abramson told The New Yorker that she had spoken up after finding out that she 'd been paid less than her predecessor in the job , Bill Keller . On Saturday , Sulzberger acknowledged that her firing had been "  cast by many as an example of the unequal treatment of women in the workplace . " "  Rather than accepting that this was a situation involving a specific individual who , as we all do , has strengths and weaknesses , a shallow and factually incorrect storyline has emerged , " Sulzberger said . He asserted that her total "  pay package " -- not just her salary , but stock and other compensation -- "  was comparable with Bill Keller 's ; in fact , by her last full year as executive editor , it was more than 10 percent higher than his . " Then he listed what he said were the management issues that led him to abruptly replace her with Dean Baquet , who had been managing editor for news . The statement came as a surprise because until Saturday , it appeared that both sides had agreed not to speak publicly about her departure . "  Jill is an outstanding journalist and editor , but with great regret , I concluded that her management of the newsroom was simply not working out , " Sulzberger said in the statement . "  During her tenure , I heard repeatedly from her newsroom colleagues , women and men , about a series of issues , including arbitrary decision-making , a failure to consult and bring colleagues with her , inadequate communication and the public mistreatment of colleagues . " Sulzberger said he "  warned her " that she "  risked losing the trust of both masthead and newsroom " if she did not improve . "  She acknowledged that there were issues and agreed to try to overcome them . " The Times reported earlier this week that Abramson had retained a consultant to "  help her with her management style . " Sulzberger said "  it became clear , however , that the gap was too big to bridge and ultimately I concluded that she had lost the support of her masthead colleagues and could not win it back . " He did not specify when this became clear . He reportedly met with Baquet and listened to concerns about Abramson earlier this month . Through a spokeswoman , Sulzberger declined a followup interview request on Saturday . Abramson has not responded to interview requests since Wednesday . Her daughter -- who has used Instagram to communicate about the shakeup at The Times -- wrote on Friday , "  The story is n't over , not even close . " Opinion : Was Jill Abramson fired because she is a woman ?	New York Times publisher dismissed executive editor Jill Abramson on Wednesday News reports afterward questioned whether Abramson was a victim of sexism On Saturday , Arthur Sulzberger Jr. gave more details in a statement to the media Among terms used : " ... arbitrary decision-making , " "  public mistreatment of colleagues "
CNN  -- It 's a shame what "  Family Guy " has done to its dog . On Sunday 's episode of the animated Fox series , the Griffin family pooch , Brian , was killed .  Seriously . The intelligent and verbose pet was headed into the street to play with his ace companion , mischievous baby Stewie , when he was struck by an oncoming car . His injuries were so severe , he ended up having to say farewell to the family he 's bonded with since 1999 . Naturally , fans do n't know what to make of this shocking news , with some having suggestions for another character who could 've said goodbye : To make matters worse , the series has replaced Brian with another pup named Vinny , voiced by "  The Sopranos ' " Tony Sirico . According to "  Family Guy " executive producer Steve Callaghan , creator Seth MacFarlane is a "  big fan of ` The Sopranos ' and always loved Tony Sirico in particular , and he thought it would be fun to write a character based around his voice and his personality , " he told E! News . Apparently , the idea to kill off Brian was thrown out into the writers room , and "  it sort of caught fire " as "  a fun way to shake things up . " "  As soon as this idea came up , we started talking about what the next couple episodes could be , and we got very excited about the way this change will affect the family dynamics and the characters , " Callaghan said . MacFarlane 's hit is now in its 12th season , and the creator has said that he 'd be OK with "  Family Guy " ending its run . In an October 2011 interview with The Hollywood Reporter , the multitasking actor/writer/producer said he 'd have been fine with wrapping the series a few years ago . "  Part of me thinks ` Family Guy ' should have already ended , " he told the magazine . "  I think seven seasons is about the right lifespan for a TV series . I talk to fans , and in a way I 'm kind of secretly hoping for them to say ` we 're done with it . ' " Viewers might wonder whether this move is a way to dissuade them from tuning in , but Callaghan does n't foresee any backlash . "  Our fans are smart enough and have been loyal to our show for long enough , to know that they can trust us , " he told E! . "  We always make choices that always work to the greatest benefit of the series . "	"  Family Guy 's " Sunday episode featured a major character death The family dog , Brian , died after being hit by a car Fans are shocked by his death
CNN  -- Singer Andy Williams has bladder cancer , is undergoing treatment and plans to return to performing in 2012 , he said . "  You may have read or heard that I have bladder cancer . It 's true and I 'm currently undergoing treatment to deal with it , " Williams said in a statement . The singer also told fans at a concert in Branson , Missouri , Saturday night that he has cancer , a reporter who attended the concert told CNN on Sunday . "  But that is no longer a death sentence . People with cancer are getting through this thing , " Williams said , according to Tyler Francke with the Branson Tri-Lakes News . "  They 're kicking it , and they 're winning more and more every year . And I 'm going to be one of them , " Francke quoted the singer as saying . Williams , 83 , shared the news during his Christmas Show at the Moon River Theater , which he founded in 1992 , according to the theater 's website . "  Moon River " was one of Williams ' most popular songs . The description of Williams ' Christmas Show on his website lists several guest stars , and notes that "  due to health reasons , Andy may not make a live appearance in his Christmas Show . " In his statement , the singer said he plans to return to performing in 2012 . Attempts by CNN to contact the Moon River Theater for comment were not immediately successful . Williams began his singing career as a child in a quartet with his three older brothers . He later got a regular gig on Steve Allen 's "  Tonight " show and then his own variety program , "  The Andy Williams Show , " in the 1960s . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : Williams says he is undergoing treatment for bladder cancer The singer founded his own theater in 1992 Williams started singing with his brothers at church
CNN  -- Morrissey 's summer plans have hit a snag . The British singer was planning to tour the United States in support of his album , "  World Peace is None of Your Business , " which will be released July 15 , but has had to scrap those plans due to ill health . "  It is with great sadness that the remainder of the US Tour has been canceled , " said a June 10 message on his Facebook page . "  The respiratory infection Morrissey contracted in Miami has worsened , and in the interest of making a full recovery , all further touring plans have been halted . " It appears Morrissey fell ill after performing in Miami in late May , and matters did n't improve following a performance in Boston the weekend of June 7 . As a result , the former Smiths singer is relinquishing his plans to explore the United States in favor of getting better . "  Morrissey thanks his fans for their compassion , understanding , and well-wishes during this difficult period as he recuperates , " the Facebook message said .	Morrissey has canceled the remainder of his tour dates The British singer has contracted a respiratory infection His new album will arrive on July 15
CNN  -- 1 . The NAFTA debate between Al Gore and Ross Perot -- It 's an obvious choice for me . It changed history . Bill Clinton called the next day to say that NAFTA never would have passed without that show . So all things considered , I chose this for its impact and importance -- it had the largest viewership in cable history at the time . So that 's why it 's my number one . 2 . Frank Sinatra -- He is , in my opinion , the foremost entertainer of the 20th century . And one of the hardest gets to get . And it was his last interview as well as a great conversation . 3 . Marlon Brando -- He , like Frank Sinatra , was impossible to get . I think Marlon Brando was the foremost actor of his time . And as with Sinatra , it was just an incredible interview . Plus , I got a kiss out of it ! 4 . Mideast Peace -- Such an important show . Having three leaders -- of Jordan , Israel and Palestine -- on at the same time had worldwide relevance . PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat , King Hussein of Jordan and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin . It was worldwide diplomacy happening right there . How can you top that ? 5 . Ground Zero -- It was the worst thing to ever happen to the United States in modern history . Just getting to go there two weeks later , to walk among the rubble , to interview firemen and policemen , the first responders , to go to the burn center at the hospital , to see what happened up close -- it was living history . It is something I 'll never forget .	` Larry King Live ' is turning 25 Celebrate by picking your favorite show moments HERE Among Larry 's favorite moments was the NAFTA debate , interviews with Sinatra and Brando
CNN  -- A popular female Pakistani singer who defied the Taliban 's decree against singing and dancing was shot and killed in northwest Pakistan Monday night , police and hospital officials told CNN . Authorities described the singer 's ex-husband as a suspect in the case , and said early indications were that the Taliban were not involved , according to police official Imtiaz Altaf . Ghazala Javed , who recorded scores of songs in her native Pashto language and became a household name among young , progressive ethnic Pashtuns in northwest Pakistan , had just left a beauty salon and was driving home with her father when gunmen on a motorcycle raced towards their car and sprayed it with bullets , Altaf said . Javed was hit with six bullets and pronounced dead at a hospital in Peshawar , the capital of Pakistan 's Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province , according to hospital official Rahim Afridi . Javed 's father also was killed , police said . In recent years the rise of the Pakistani Taliban in the region and the group 's ban against singing and dancing made it difficult for Javed and other musical artists to perform and record songs in Pakistan . Javed recorded and taped many of her latest songs and music videos in nearby Dubai . Last year Javed made headlines when she asked for a divorce from her husband after she reportedly found out that he had at least one other wife . It was a rare decision in a deeply conservative and male-dominated society where many view a woman 's demand for a divorce as a dishonor to the husband . Shortly after Monday night 's shooting police released a statement saying Javed 's sister had accused her ex-husband and two of his acquaintances Investigators said a search was underway for the three men . The woman who defied Saudi 's driving ban and put it on YouTube Journalist Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report .	Ghazala Javed recorded scores of songs in her native Pashto language She became a household name among young , progressive ethnic Pashtuns She had just left a beauty salon and was headed home with her father Gunmen on a motorcycle sprayed their car with bullets and both were killed , police said
CNN  -- Desiré Henriksen feared that there would be no Christmas for her two boys . She had lost her job at Denny 's , where she worked the graveyard shift . Her fiancé , who works as a glazier , was having a hard time finding regular work . And the couple fell behind on the mortgage last month . Desire Henriksen decided to sell her hair after losing her job and falling behind on her mortgage . So Henriksen , of Phoenix , Arizona , cut her hair and sold it on the Internet to a hair trader in the Netherlands . "  Everyone was telling me how beautiful my hair was , " the 27-year-old said . Her friends suggested that she sell it . "  I thought , ` Why not ? I 'll check it out , ' " she said . "  We 're trying to keep our place here , " she said . "  We do n't want to become like people right now who are losing their homes . " With the economy squeezing the budgets of more Americans , some people are looking for creative ways to pay their monthly bills . Selling hair on the Internet is just one of those unusual methods . "  We 've seen about a 20 percent increase in the last four months , " said Jacalyn Elise , co-founder of TheHairTrader.com , referring to the number of ads offering hair for sale posted on her site . "  These days , some people are just in need of money . " Henriksen was paid $ 1,200 for 27 inches of her tresses . But most hair is sold for about $ 300 to $ 900 , says Marlys Fladeland of Hairwork.com . The hair is used to make wigs or hair extensions or is used in artwork . The longer the hair , the more it is worth . Untreated hair is also likely to fetch a higher price , Elise says . For Henriksen , cutting her hair was always in the cards . But she had planned to give it to a nonprofit organization that provides hairpieces for children who lost their hair after cancer treatments . "  Initially , I had grown my hair out to donate to Locks of Love in memory of my mother , who passed away from cancer last year . I was going to try to give back to people who did n't have any hair . But it did n't work out that way . Instead , I got my kids Christmas -LSB- gifts -RSB- , " she said . In addition to buying presents for her 10-year-old son and 3-year-old stepson , Henriksen paid off the overdue mortgage bill . She was so pleased with how easy her hairy business deal was , she says she 's planning on growing her hair out again and selling it on TheHairTrader.com to help pay for her wedding . A professional lab rat Others are taking more drastic measures , becoming medical guinea pigs . Paul Clough , 30 , fell on hard times five years ago . A homeless man suggested that Clough take part in medical clinical trials , and now it 's his full-time gig . Clough estimates that he brought in $ 28,000 this year by participating in seven medical trials , having his blood taken 500 times and ingesting about a dozen medications . The Austin , Texas , resident has tested everything from cholesterol-lowering drugs to hepatitis C and HIV treatments . He even set up a Web site , Just Another Lab Rat , which explains how and where to volunteer . Clinical research requires testing drugs on volunteers to determine whether the drug is appropriate for the market . The test subjects may be required to stay at a clinic or may have to visit the clinic a few times . Depending on the clinic and the trials they participate in , they may be paid $ 50 to $ 5,000 each time . Trials can last 10 days to a month . Safety concerns include side effects or drug reactions , but for many volunteers , the payout outweighs the risks . "  Some people live study-to-study , " Clough said . "  They have immediate bills to take care of . And a lot of times , when people do n't get into the study , they are concerned about how to pay those bills . They do n't know what they 're going to do . " "  Five years ago , it was mostly students , " he said . But today , he sees "  Realtors , taxi drivers . ... It 's any walk of life you can think of . " Your personal gold mine Jeweler Les Harrell of Littleton , Colorado , struck gold when he had the idea to give people cash for their gold -- at parties . It started out as a fundraising event . But seven months later , he has a Web site , Gold Exchange . He 's hired three employees , and he 's throwing gold parties seven days a week . Friends and neighbors assemble to swap gossip , have drinks and get their jewelry appraised . Harrell pays cash on the spot for folks willing to hand over their gold . Later , he sells it on the market . He has operations in Colorado , New York and California . Deanna Molinaro was skeptical when she was invited to one of Harrell 's gold parties this summer . But the Denver , Colorado , resident changed her mind after walking away with $ 700 for a wad of tangled gold bracelets , a herringbone necklace and some mismatched earrings . "  I was floored , " she said , when she first heard about the cash . "  I made a lot of money on things that were lying around in my jewelry box for 20 years . " Harrell says he typically pays $ 5,000 per party , not including the cut the hostess makes and the referral fee . And it 's not always jewelry he 's appraising . "  I 've seen it all , " he said . "  Grandma 's old dinosaur ring , gold teeth . I buy a lot of gold teeth , class rings . " One item he remembers fondly : Uncle Louie 's bridge . "  It weighed almost 2 ounces , " he said with a hint of amusement . People have , on average , about $ 300 worth of gold just lying around , Harrell says , and liquidating that hidden treasure can help them balance the family budget . Harrell 's parties were initially geared toward the upper class , but his clientele is changing . "  What was fun money becomes , ` Oh , my gosh , this is a big help , ' " he said . In reality , a drawer full of costume jewelry , broken chains , errant earring backs and muddled memories may turn out to be next month 's heating bill . One woman , living alone on Social Security , recently turned over a shoebox full of jewelry to Harrell to see what , if anything , she could get for it . "  She really did n't know what was real or not , " related Molinaro , who helped with the transaction . But she cleaned out everything she had . In the end , her shoebox was worth $ 350 . "  She was so excited to get it , " Molinaro said . "  I got a big hug out of her for it , too . "	Many Americans are looking for creative ways to make ends meet A hair-selling Web site says it 's seen a 20 percent increase in recent months A Texas man makes a living participating in medical trials Guests of Gold Exchange parties swap stories , have drinks and sell jewelry
Washington  CNN  -- Which is scarier ? Letting Greece go bankrupt ? Or saving Greece from bankruptcy ? If you 're a European businessman or banker , the answer is obvious : Bankruptcy is scarier . If Greece can not pay its debts , Greece will likely quit the euro . By quitting the euro , Greece would regain the power to print its own money and inflate its way out of its debt . Now think what that would mean for your business . If Greece quit the euro , people would begin to worry : Who 's next ? Will Portugal quit ? Spain ? Italy ? France ? Do you own a 1000 euro deposit in a Spanish bank ? Tomorrow that account could be denominated in new pesetas , at who knows what exchange rate . Better cash out today . Likewise : Better sell your Portuguese and Italian bonds -- not only government bonds , but bonds issued by any agency sponsored by government : water , electricity , transit authorities , and so on . A Greek default would trigger , in effect , a bank run on every governmental institution in southern Europe , the biggest bank run perhaps in the history of the world , bigger even than the run triggered by the failure of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 . As I said : scary . But now think like a politician . It 's been obvious for some time now what has to be done to avert the bank run : a European Super TARP , a version of the Troubled Asset Relief Program that was used to bail out Wall Street in 2008 The European Union will have to assume responsibility for the debt of southern European countries . In return , the EU will have to take control of the finances of those countries -- cutting their spending and raising their taxes . The debt assumed by the EU will have to be serviced somehow . That means the EU will need its own revenue stream sufficient to pay for and ultimately retire the southern European debt . In other words , what we 're looking at is : -- A transfer of Greek and other southern European debt to all the people of Europe . -- Big government spending cuts especially in southern Europe , but also everywhere else . -- Higher taxes everywhere to support the southern European debt . -- All of it imposed by unelected bureaucrats in Brussels . How 'd you like to be the politician who has to explain that to the voters of Bavaria ? So now you see why action is so slow . The trouble is , the longer the action takes , the more expensive it gets -- and the less likely the action is to be successful . If the action comes early and if it is decisive and orderly , then it may be possible to force creditors to eat some of their losses . But in a panic , governments will not have time or leeway to negotiate . They 'll face a starker alternative : pay in full or default , the same stark alternative the United States faced back in the fall of 2008 , which led to unappealing actors such as Goldman Sachs being made whole in backroom deals at the expense of the taxpaying public . And if markets get the idea that the politicians of northern Europe will flinch from the Super TARP , then the bank run could start very fast . Last week , the German parliament voted 440 billion euros in bailout funds .  That 's almost $ 542 billion in U.S. dollars . Bigger would have been better . The supreme need is to overwhelm the problem -- to show markets that the resources are at hand to pay all obligations -- and thus to gain credibility for tough negotiations so that lenders bear some of the costs of rescue . Americans had better hope that these negotiations succeed , because it 's very doubtful that the United States can avoid being dragged into an emergency euro rescue . In 2008 , we worried about banks that were too big to fail . In 2011 , we have to worry about countries that are too big to be saved by European action alone . If the crisis comes , it will require funds from the International Monetary Fund and very possibly the U.S. Treasury too , like Mexico in 1994 only much , much bigger . And remember how popular that was with the Congress . Better to anticipate -- and to prevent . Act big . Act fast . Act now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : If Greece defaults , all of Europe 's debts would be suspect He says the U.S. could be forced to participate in rescuing Europe 's finances Europe 's leaders need to take unpopular , dramatic steps to bail out the south , he says The sooner and bigger the bailout , the better , Frum says
CNN  -- Slumping World No. 2 Rory McIlroy and defending champion Luke Donald will not be contesting the weekend action at the European Tour 's flagship event at Wentworth . With organizers still reeling from the controversy surrounding Sergio Garcia 's "  fried chicken " jibe , the star attractions comfortably failed to make the halfway cut Friday at the PGA Championship . McIlroy 2013 travails continued as he followed a first round 74 with a 75 to finish on five-over 149 -- three outside the qualification mark . McIlroy 's Northern Ireland colleague Graeme McDowell , who is leading the European Tour 's Race to Dubai , finished on the same mark , while Donald , who went to No. 1 in the rankings last season with his second straight title at the tournament , was a further shot adrift . Donald , who was on antibiotics , may have had an excuse in the freezing wet conditions on the West Course , and battled to a level-par 72 in his second round after a sorry 78 on the first day . But McIlroy , who came into the $ 6 million event saying he was pleased with his game , could offer little in the way of explanation for his poor showing . "  I did n't play particularly well today , " he told Sky Sports . "  I 'm looking forward to getting back to some golf without four layers . Sometimes when the weather is bad I try to do too much with the ball and hit some bad shots . " Standing four-over on the par-five17th , the U.S. PGA champion needed a birdie or better to get stand a chance of making the final two rounds . A wayward tee shot into the trees led to a double bogey seven and his chances were over . Garcia fared better and remained in contention after a battling 71 for one-under 143 , but trails halfway leader Francesco Molinari of Italy by five shots . Molinari 's superb four-under 68 in testing conditions has left the Italian Ryder Cup star one shot clear of South Africa 's George Coetzee , Scotland 's Marc Warren , Mark Foster of England and Spaniard Alejandro Canizares . London-based Molinari said he had adapted to the inclement British weather . "  Six under is a good score given the conditions - I live over here now so I am used to it - and I 'm in a great position going into the weekend , " he told the official European Tour website . "  But it 's a really tough course so anyone six or seven behind is still in it . " Other star attractions Lee Westwood and British Open champion Ernie Els were firmly in the picture on three under , the former showing his improved short game around the green on his way to a battling 71 . The crowds were also delighted as the oldest man in the event , the ever popular Spanard Miguel Angel Jimenez , made three birdies in the last four holes to finish on one-over 145 . European Ryder Cup captains past and present , Colin Montgomerie , Jose-Maria Olazabal and Paul McGinley , who takes charge of the team at Gleneagles next year , also survived for the weekend when the weather forecast is more favorable .	Rory McIlroy misses cut at PGA Championship at Wentworth World No. 2 three shots outside the mark on the West Course Holder Luke Donald and Race to Dubai leader Graeme McDowell also exit Italy 's Francesco Molinari leads the way at flagship event
LONDON , England -- Cocaine-abusing celebrities are glamorizing the use of narcotics and encouraging more young people to use illegal substances , the United Nations drug control agency has warned . Model Kate Moss faced allegations of cocaine use in 2005 but was never charged for over the claims . The annual report from the International Narcotics Control Board warns that treating stars "  leniently " by allowing them to get away with drug crimes undermines faith in the criminal justice system and has a damaging effect on adolescents . "  They get more lenient responses by the judiciary and law enforcement , and that is regrettable , " Professor Hamid Ghodse , a member of the INCB , told the UK 's Press Association Wednesday . "  There should not be any difference between a celebrity who is breaking the law and non-celebrities . "  Not only does it give the wrong messages to young people , who are quite impressionable , but the wider public becomes cynical about the responses to drug offenders , " Ghodse said . Watch Ghodse explain how celebrity offenders are being given an easy ride " Last month , acclaimed singer Amy Winehouse was questioned by police after a video emerged which appeared to show her smoking crack . Last fall she was arrested and fined in Norway for possessing marijuana . Winehouse was due to appear in a Norwegian courtroom to contest the drug charges at the end of February . The hearing was postponed indefinitely , PA said , after the court approved a request from Winehouse 's lawyer . Watch how celebrity drug scandals affect children " Supermodel Kate Moss also faced cocaine-snorting allegations in 2005 . The Crown Prosecution Service later said she would not be charged over the claims . Despite losing modeling contracts in the wake of the revelations , she later won fresh jobs and remains one of the world 's top models . Singer Pete Doherty , the former boyfriend of Moss , also has had a well-publicized drug abuse problem but has so far managed to avoid jail time . Earlier this month he was named by music magazine NME as its Hero of the Year . And Paul McCartney and his late wife Linda were open about their marijuana habit . The former Beatle was arrested for possession in 1980 in Japan . After 10 days in jail , he was released without charges . The report found that Britain , along with Spain and Italy , have some of the highest rates of cocaine abuse in the world . The report also expressed concerns on rising opium production in Afghanistan . E-mail to a friend	U.N. says celebrity drug use encourages adolescent substance abuse Report says leniency towards celebrities hurts criminal justice system Report finds Britain , Italy , Spain have among highest rates of cocaine use
CNN  -- How bad is the problem of oversharing online ? People are now singing about it in church . A video that 's been gaining buzz online in recent days shows worshipers at an unidentified church singing a gospel-styled tune with the apparent title of "  Keep Yo Business Off of Facebook . " In the blurry two-minute clip , shot with a cell phone , churchgoers sway and clap while a man and woman sing about the pitfalls of sharing not-safe-for-church behavior . "  Sundays you act like a saint , but your Facebook posts say you ai n't , " the man sings . The video was posted online in July but has only become widely noticed in recent days after being shared , of all places , on Facebook . The origin of the video and location of the church has so far remained a mystery . Some commenters on YouTube , where posts of the video have attracted more than 200,000 views , have complained that Christian choirs should not be singing about secular topics in church . "  And this is about Jesus how ? I mean it might be funny but in the midst of worship service our eyesï " ¿ and attention should be affixed on Jesus , not what folks post on Facebook , " wrote one woman . "  Handle that in mentoring or something . " "  This church is a disgrace , " said another commenter , who called the song blasphemous . HLN : A look at ` Generation Overshare ' But others have found it amusing . "  Amen!ï " ¿ Apparently , God hates your duck-face selfies , drunk photos and gossiping ... And so do I. LOL , " wrote one .	Church group sings "  Keep Yo Business Off of Facebook " Cellphone video of the song draws attention online Some have complained that church groups should not sing about such topics
CNN  -- President Obama on Wednesday will visit Phoenix , Arizona , one of the cities hardest hit with foreclosures , where he 's expected to outline a $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion plan to help homeowners . Economist Peter Morici said $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion wo n't be enough to solve the mortgage crisis . Though administration officials are tight-lipped about details , one idea that has been floated is for the federal government to reduce monthly mortgage payments by modifying loans . Sheila Bair , the U.S. FDIC chairwoman , has advocated reducing payments to between 31 and 38 percent of a family 's gross income . "  This crisis in housing has devastating consequences , and our government should have moved more forcefully to help contain the damage , " Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said Monday . "  You 're going to learn about -LSB- the administration 's plan -RSB- as the rollout continues , " said Jared Bernstein , Vice President Joe Biden 's economic advisor . Bernstein said it will be a "  very aggressive plan to help responsible homeowners stay in their homes . " In Phoenix , the median home price is $ 150,000 -- a significant dip from its peak of $ 262,000 in recent years . The national rate of foreclosure increased by 79 percent between December 2006 and December 2007 , according to RealtyTrac , a company that compiles data on home foreclosures . Foreclosure filings -- default notices , auction sale notices and bank repossessions -- continued to climb in January , though at a slower pace than the month before , according to RealtyTrac . That was still 18 percent higher than in January 2008 . "  It 's really a toxic mix of higher than anticipated prices on monthly payments combined with house values that have dropped makes it impossible for people to refinance or sell their homes , " said RealtyTrac Vice President Rick Sharga . Some economists praise federal intervention in the housing crisis . "  You cut down on the ratio to make -LSB- home ownership -RSB- more affordable , " said Anthony Sanders , a professor of finance and real estate at Arizona State University . But Sanders cautioned that the president 's plan will likely only make a dent in the problem . "  Fifty billion is a good place to start but I 'm just saying right now it 's not enough , " he said . "  It 'll be enough to save Kansas where they really do n't have big negative equity problems . " Economist Peter Morici , of the University of Maryland , agrees with Sanders . "  We are likely looking at a trillion dollars in mortgage losses before it 's all over , " he said . "  And putting $ 50 -LSB- billion -RSB- to $ 100 billion in is not going to solve the problem . " Today is a game of payback for yesterday , said Phillip Robinson , a foreclosure attorney who has been quite busy lately . "  We lived in a culture the last 10 years where mortgage originators said you could use your house as a credit card to pay off your cars , to pay off your credit card bills , " he said . "  Well , that does n't exist anymore . " CNN 's Mary Snow and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	Plan is expected to help reduce mortgage payments by modifying loans Obama plan may be between $ 50 billion and $ 100 billion Economists say that amount may help , but it 's not enough to save housing crisis
Washington  CNN  -- Efforts to strengthen Native American communities and improve their relationships with the federal government have already borne fruit , President Barack Obama told a group of leaders from more than 500 federally recognized tribes Thursday . "  We 're making progress , " Obama said at the White House Tribal Nations Conference , the second of his administration . "  We 're moving forward . What I hope is , we 're seeing a turning point in the relationship between our nations . " He said he wants to hear more from tribes about how that can be done , whether it 's through supporting education and health care on reservations , combating crime or job creation , "  and that 's why we 're here today . " Leaders of 565 tribes were invited to the conference , the White House said . The president said his administration has tackled some of the largest issues faced by American Indian communities , helping to create infrastructure , eliminate bureaucratic barriers and boost public health on reservations , where tribal members face rates of diseases like tuberculosis at a far higher rate than the rest of the nation . The Justice Department , he said , is working to reform the criminal justice system on reservations . The Tribal Law and Order Act , signed by the president in July , contains measures to help fight drug and alcohol abuse on reservations , gives authorities better access to databases and improves opportunities for at-risk Native American youth . American Indians ' history has been "  too often marred by broken promises and grave injustices against the first Americans , " Obama said . While he acknowledged that no words can undo the damage , he said his administration aims for action to match those words . Native Americans have been faced with a choice , he said -- abandon their heritage or accept a lesser lot in life . "  We know this is a false choice , " he said . "  To accept it is to believe that we ca n't and wo n't do better , and I wo n't accept that . "	Obama hosts his second White House Tribal Nations Conference Leaders of 565 federally recognized tribes were invited Obama : "  Grave injustices " have been done against American Indians
CNN  -- Since the Xbox One 's release last fall , customers have been waiting  some more patiently than others  for that one great game that would single-handedly justify the purchase of the next-generation video game console . "  Titanfall , " the first game from Respawn Entertainment , appears ready to assume the mantle . First revealed at E3 2013 in Los Angeles , "  Titanfall " had already garnered more than 60 awards before its release last week . Now , players are getting their first shot to play as the athletic pilots of monstrously large robotic titans , stomping across highly detailed terrain in a game even the makers of the Xbox say could be one for the ages . "  We think  Titanfall  can very much be a game-defining moment for Xbox One as a platform because of how much it has lit up the imagination of gamers everywhere and how it takes advantage of the unique features of Xbox One , " said Microsoft Xbox Chief Marketing and Strategy Officer Yusuf Mehdi . "  I think people really are excited about it . It is why people spent hundreds of dollars to have the best game experience possible . " Some of the creators of "  Titanfall " have a pretty good idea what it is like to have that kind of pressure on a game . Respawn founder and CEO Vince Zampella was also the CEO of Infinity Ward , which developed the hit , "  Call of Duty " series . Zampella told CNN he is amazed about the level of excitement for his new game , and welcomes the expectations . "  You put your heart into it . You want it to be the best thing ever and you want it to be universally accepted as well , " he said . "  It blows us away -- the enthusiasm for the title . " Asked if the expectations were too great for "  Titanfall , " he said with a laugh , "  If I say yes , it makes me look like I do n't have confidence in the game . If I say no , it feels like I 'm being arrogant . " Zampella said "  Titanfall " could n't have existed without the increased gaming power and features of the Xbox One console . He said Microsoft 's cloud architecture allows designers to raise the visual and competitive level of the game without sacrificing other elements . "  Where we take advantage of it really is using Microsoft 's back end to do things we could n't normally do in multiplayer games like putting all that AI  artificial intelligence  and that extra flash in those cinematic moments , " he said . "  We are able to do much more with the game . With Microsoft providing that to us , that 's money and resources that we really did n't have . " Microsoft 's Mehdi said game developers were able to store a lot of the computing that "  Titanfall " uses directly onto Microsoft servers . "  That 's something unique that we 've done with these dedicated servers , " he said . "  We 've spent a lot of money to back every Xbox One console with hundreds of thousands of servers to have great gameplay . " "  Titanfall 's " appeal lies in its ability to allow many people to play together in a rich environment with exciting gameplay , much like "  Call of Duty " did on the Xbox 360 . Zampella said the real adventure and fun begins when players realize how much freedom they have during the game . "  It really is about that balance of gameplay where sometimes you are in a titan , sometimes you 're not . Sometimes you want to be , sometimes you do n't . Both sides  pilot and titan  are powerful and feel good and have a benefit in a different way , " he said . "  It is n't just about getting to Point B and crushing everybody . It is a whole , very balanced pilot ballet , I guess . " Early launch reaction was generally good , with servers for the Xbox One holding up well under the stress of the initial rush . PC users have had some issues with connection problems , but Respawn is said to be working on those for a quick resolution . And it looks like the game itself is helping sell an entire system . Sales of the Xbox One in Great Britain have nearly doubled since Friday , when "  Titanfall " was released there . "  We have had a tradition of a big , multiplayer , epic game that defines each one of our console generations , " Mehdi said . "  Whether it was the original Xbox with ` Halo , ' there has always been a great game to define the generation . ` Titanfall ' is certainly going to be one of those for Xbox One , no question . "	"  Titanfall " could be the defining game for Xbox One Title is by "  Call of Duty " creators Game used Microsoft servers during its creation Early numbers show Xbox One sales spike along with "  Titanfall "
CNN  -- In the wake of the attempted bombing of a Detroit-bound flight on Christmas Day , security experts , political commentators and the media have been asking one question : How can the United States prevent terrorists from smuggling homemade bombs through security ? The most frequent answer has been full body scanners , a developing technology used in a handful of airports around the world . Although these scanners may be effective , they are at best the right answer to the wrong question . The question that law enforcement and security professionals must ask is how to prevent the terrorists themselves from getting on the airplane . Once we focus our attention on individual terrorists rather than their potential weapons , one fact is immediately clear : We must completely change the way we go about airport security and counterterrorism in general . The procedures are both inadequate and ineffective . The current random searches do only a minimum to improve security . Nothing is more unproductive than searching an 80-year-old woman in a wheelchair from Sweden or a 3-year-old child simply because she or he was the 10th person in line . Quite simply , the system has failed and must be revamped . Recognizing existing deficiencies , on Monday the Transportation Safety Administration announced it has taken the first step toward implementing a revised screening process for airline passengers . TSA will mandate that "  every individual flying into the U.S. from anywhere in the world traveling from or through nations that are state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest will be required to go through enhanced screening . " This is a step in the right direction . But more should be done . Instead of a system akin to searching for a needle in a haystack while blindfolded , the Transportation Security Administration and the intelligence community should institute a system of "  smart screening . " Such a revised screening process would consider a host of factors in determining whether someone is a potential security threat . Among the considerations would be : behavioral signs ; appearance ; itinerary and travel history ; appearance on watch lists ; known connections to radical organizations or individuals ; and yes , ethnicity and religious identity . Recognizing that the inclusion of ethnicity and religious characteristics in this list may be unsettling , it simply can not be ignored that the overwhelmingly large majority of terrorist attacks undertaken over the past decade were committed by Islamic fundamentalists . Consequently , to ignore it as a factor -- as does current policy -- could have devastating effects . The procedures are both inadequate and ineffective . The current random searches do only a minimum to improve security . Any characteristic that can help us identify followers of radical Islam would be critical to determining who should be denied a visa , who should be put on the no-fly list and who should be subjected to a secondary inspection at the airport . One point worth mentioning is that a proposal for "  smart screening " is not a call for a ban on Muslims flying on planes , nor is it an attempt to stop every person with Arab features and put them on a watch list . Rather than an accusation of guilt , it is simply an additional investigative tool that will allow law enforcement officials to effectively and efficiently marshal their resources toward a known threat , that posed by violent adherents of radical Islamic theology . Screeners and officials of intelligence agencies need as much information as possible to make decisions . To ban the use of critically relevant criteria in preventing catastrophic acts of terrorism , a policy in effect today , is to deny intelligence officials all the tools they need to make critical decisions . Law enforcement has done criminal profiling for decades and recognizes it as an invaluable tool . If a child is raped , the first suspects logically are pedophiles . Skeptical that "  smart screening " will be effective ? Mohammad al-Qatani , the intended 20th hijacker from the September 11 attacks , was stopped in Orlando , Florida , in 2001 because of profiling . It must be conceded that this proposal may not be 100 percent effective . No system ever will be . However , as terrorist groups consistently demonstrate their adaptability , one thing that has remained relatively constant is the pool of willing and able recruits . If some of the most well-trained and effective terrorists can not carry out their mission because of profiling , that makes the likelihood of a successful terrorist attack that much slimmer . The new operatives may be less well-trained and hence less deadly . What they will undoubtedly have in common with their more experienced brethren , regardless of their ethnicity or nationality , will be an adherence to radical Islam . Rather than calling for an all-encompassing program where all followers of Islam would be swept up in some sort of dragnet , law enforcement officials should be provided with all of the tools necessary to prevent acts of terrorism , including the ability to consider the potential that an individual getting on an airplane has been radicalized . Race and ethnicity should never be sole criteria in evaluating threats . Rather I am calling for consideration of such criteria only in addition to many other factors . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steven Emerson .	Steven Emerson : New TSA rules for screening passengers good start , but more needs to be done Emerson : Ca n't ignore Islamic radicals carried out most terror attacks over the past decade "  Smart screening " means behavior , travel history , watch lists , ethnicity , religion Screeners , intelligence officials need as much information as possible , he argues
CNNGo  -- This summer , London , understandably , is mostly concerned with heart and nerve and sinew . The fittest , leanest , most Lycra-becoming humans alive today are to compete in the London 2012 Olympics and millions of mortals will watch with awe , excitement and possibly a little envy . And Usain Bolt will earn more fame , fortune and adulation in 10 seconds than most of us earn in a lifetime . But there is culture of a different kind to be found too -- in the form of London 's World Heritage Sites . These UNESCO-endorsed sites have been around for decades , even centuries , and this July and August could just be the perfect time to see them . Tea time in London : 3 modern teahouses 1 . Tower of London Ever wondered what it would have been like to be strapped to the rack ? See the dreaded machine in the Bloody Tower at the Tower of London and learn about various forms of torture used during the reigns of Henry VIII , Elizabeth I and Mary I. From St. Thomas ' Tower , where the monarch 's barge was moored , walk along the south wall for a view across the river to Tower Bridge . Down in the courtyard the resident ravens are kept in their enclosure . Legend has it that the Tower will fall if the six ravens ever leave , so seven are kept , providing one spare . Some exhibits are interactive -- visiting school children enjoy putting on the helmets in the White Tower 's armory . But these are attached to chains , so there 's no taking them home . This is where it all began , with William the Conqueror constructing a fortress here in the 11th century . The massive White Tower provided a haven in case the newly conquered English rebelled . Fortifications were added by successive English monarchs , who also used the Tower as a prison . The Crown Jewels are on display in the Jewel House , from diamonds to maces and crowns , the heaviest of which is the 2.23-kilo , solid gold St. Edward 's crown made in 1661 . To brush up for that trivia quiz , the biggest , brightest and best are listed online . www.hrp.org.uk CNNGo.com : Ultimate guide to the Olympics 2 . Westminster Abbey We 've seen it on television for Princess Diana 's funeral and the wedding of William and Kate , but no visitor to London should miss stepping inside Westminster Abbey . History tours are led by a verger , one of the laymen assisting in the church . King Edward , later St. Edward the Confessor , built a stone church here . Consecrated in 1065 , it saw William the Conqueror crowned there a year later , as England 's monarchs have been ever since . In the 13th century Henry III rebuilt the church in the Gothic style we see today . His burial here in 1272 established a royal tradition that lasted 500 years . Many famous people have been laid to rest in the Abbey , from Charles Darwin and Sir Isaac Newton to those in Poets ' Corner like Geoffrey Chaucer , Alfred Lord Tennyson , Charles Dickens and Robert Burns . In the Nave we pay our respects at the grave of the Unknown Warrior . Other highlights include the 709-year-old wooden Coronation Chair and the marble pavement in front of the High Altar , decorated in 1268 by the Cosmati method of inlaying small pieces of colored marble into a plain background . At the shrine of St. Edward the Confessor , steps at the base have been worn away by the knees of visitors . Visitors can inspect the adjacent medieval St. Margaret 's Church at their leisure . www.westminster-abbey.org CNNGo.com : Asia 's unseen UNESCO World Heritage sites 3 . Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew While most people know Sir Joseph Banks as the botanist who accompanied Captain James Cook on his voyage to the South Seas , which also took in the continent of Australia , many might not be aware of Banks ' accomplishments on returning to England . After he took over as head of the botanic garden at Kew in 1773 its international reputation grew , with researchers bringing botanic specimens from as far afield as India , Africa , China and Australia . That tradition continues today with a scientific program aimed at saving threatened species . Plants from all over the world are preserved in climate-controlled atmospheres and this history of botanical achievement is a prime reason for the World Heritage listing . The other reason is that its landscaped gardens and associated architecture represent developments that were to have an influence throughout the world . Two massive iron-framed glasshouses , the Palm House and Temperate House , dating from the 19th century , became impressive models for conservatories around the world . Also included among 44 listed buildings is Kew Palace , formerly home to King George III . For something modern there 's the Rhizotron and Xstrata Treetop Walkway , opened in 2008 . Designed by Marks Barfield Architects , renowned for the London Eye , this 18-meter-high , 200-meter-long walkway takes visitors around the crowns of lime , sweet chestnut and oak trees . www.kew.org 4 . Palace of Westminster After passing through airport-style security , the tour of the Palace of Westminster , which houses the British Parliament , begins in the 11th-century Westminster Hall . This hall has the largest clear-span medieval roof in England . There 's the Queen 's Robing Room , where the monarch dons her official robes and crown for the annual Opening of Parliament . Paintings of King Arthur and his knights adorn the walls . Bill Gates , Michael Jackson and Michelle Obama have stood in the Royal Gallery , where in 1984 French president FranÃ § ois Mitterrand delivered a speech between frescoes of British victories at Trafalgar and Waterloo . In the House of Lords Chamber there 's a spot where civil servants sit , writing answers for questions put to Ministers . Standing at the dispatch box in the House of Commons chamber visitors get to play the role of prime minister . On view in St. Stephen 's Hall is the statue to which Emily Pankhurst chained herself during the suffragettes ' protest movement . Back in Westminster Hall , the guide indicates the dreaded King 's Chair , where Charles I , William Wallace  Braveheart  and Guy Fawkes were tried and condemned . Leaving the palace , statues of republican warrior Oliver Cromwell and crusader-king Richard the Lionhearted bring to mind the tortuous history Britain has endured to gain a democratic parliament that sits in a once-royal palace . www.parliament.uk CNNGo.com : 10 free activities in and around London 5 . Maritime Greenwich Greenwich Mean Time is set at the Royal Observatory in this London borough , mandating time on clocks around the globe . Also at the Royal Observatory is the Prime Meridian , establishing the world 's settings for longitude . Located by the Thames in southeast London , Maritime Greenwich boasts more than the observatory , however . "  The ensemble of buildings at Greenwich ... symbolize English artistic and scientific endeavour in the 17th and 18th centuries , " the UNESCO listing reads . Architectural highlights include the Queen 's House , the first true Renaissance building in Britain , and Sir Christopher Wren 's beautiful baroque buildings , especially the twin domes of the Painted Hall and Chapel of Saints Peter and Paul , part of the Old Royal Naval College . The National Maritime Museum features a wave tank for experiments , toy boats illustrating maritime history and until September 30 , a small exhibition focusing on personal stories of survivors of the Titanic . Something special is the Cutty Sark . Built in 1869 and "  re-launched " last April following extensive repairs in the wake of a fire in 2007 , she is said to be the "  last surviving tea clipper and the fastest and greatest of her time . " Note : During the 2012 Olympic Games Greenwich Park will host modern pentathlon and equestrian events . Information : Visit Greenwich © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	If you tire of athletics , take a stroll through London 's World Heritage sites Sites are perfect for tourists interested in royal history , nature , art , and science Buy tickets ahead of time for those with paid admission and plan for long lines
CNN  -- For months now , the French-language twittersphere has lit up with a rash of racist , homophobic , and anti-Semitic tweets using the hashtags #UnBonJuif  a good Jew  , #SiMonFilsEstGay  if my son is gay  , and #SiMaFilleRamÃ ¨ neUnNoir  if my daughter brings home a black guy  . Last fall , under pressure from French advocacy group Union of Jewish Students  UEJF  , Twitter agreed to remove some offensive tweets . In October 2012 , at Berlin 's request , Twitter also suspended a German neo-Nazi account based in the city of Hanover , the first time the company had responded to such a government request . However , at the time , the UEJF also wanted identifying information of the perpetrators , which Twitter was not prepared to give up . So the group went to court to force the issue . On Thursday , the Grand Instance Court in Paris ordered Twitter to identify the authors of anti-semitic tweets by creating a mechanism  Google Translate  to alert French authorities to "  illegal content , " on its French site "  in a visible and easily-accessible -LSB- way -RSB- . " If Twitter does not comply within two weeks , the American company faces fines of â ‚ ¬ 1,000  $ 1,336  per day . How "  free " should "  free speech " be ? This is n't the first time that French courts and laws have butted heads over idiotic racism online . Less than a year ago , then-president Nicolas Sarkozy proposed a law that would make even viewing a hate site a crime . Here in the United States , we have a Constitutionally protected near-blanket right to free expression . Although incitement to violence is generally not protected , hate speech -- no matter how disgusting and awful -- is . As we 've reported before , the operating principle in America has generally been that undesirable speech should be countered with more speech , not less . That 's not the approach taken in Europe , where hate speech is most definitely not protected . Many European Union states  and even some non-EU countries in Europe  have various types of anti-hate speech legal mechanisms , in part to head off terrorism and far-right violence . "  We 're not able to identify the individuals , only Twitter can do so , " Sacha Reingewirtz , UEJF 's vice president , told the French broadcaster , RFI . "  We 've already tweeted the decision . And we see on Twitter that the decision has apparently triggered a new rise of anti-semitic messages directed against our organization , so there is still work to be done , both by us and Twitter , but we 're happy the French justice is now changing the way it is . " COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Twitter must identify posters of hate speech , French judge says The site has been home of multiple racist , homophobic and anti-Semitic trends in French Twitter already agreed to remove some offensive French tweets Site must comply or pay $ 1,336 a day , judge ruled
CNN  -- Larry Smith 's desire to make sure he 's alive to watch his grandchildren grow up was his light bulb moment . "  I was on the path to not living old and this bothered me , " he said . "  I want to live long enough to see my young grandkids reach big milestones like graduate from school and get married , or even enjoy simple activities like playing in the yard with them . My grandkids mean the world to me . " The 63-year-old epidemiologist from Jackson , Mississippi , recently dropped 58 pounds in a 12-week fitness challenge involving 200 people from the Mississippi governor 's office , state legislature workers and civilians . "  When they announced I was the winner of the challenge , it was a very emotional experience for me , " Smith said . "  I 've never won any kind of athletic event , and it felt like a huge achievement to do it , " he said . Smith , who is 5-foot-10 , started the boot camp at 261 pounds and with much hesitation . "  During the first day of the program I thought I would n't be able to keep up with it because it felt very intimidating and I worried about my weak knees , " he said . Smith has struggled with his weight most of his adult life . Before the fitness program , he led a very sedentary lifestyle . He often felt sluggish , lacked energy and felt "  miserable . " He always dreamed of losing weight , but kept putting it off . "  By nature , I think many people are procrastinators , and losing weight was something I always wanted to do but was on my procrastination list , " he said . The grandfather of three said an e-mail in his work inbox announcing the "  Fit 4 Change Mississippi Fitness Challenge " was the final push he needed to jumpstart his journey toward a healthier lifestyle . "  I had known people who participated in the challenge last year and were successful at it , so I thought I 'd give it a try , " he said . "  I thought it would be worth it for both me and my grandkids . " The program was led by Mississippian Paul Lacoste , a former pro football player turned fitness coach , with a vision to help slim down the Magnolia State , which has an adult obesity rate of 33 % - the highest in the United States . Participants shed a collective 3,043 pounds and 714 inches from their waists by the end of this year 's challenge . "  The fitness event was one of the hardest things I have ever done in my life , " Smith said . "  Paul worked us really hard during our early morning workout sessions and pushed us to our limits , " he said . Weight lifting and various cardiovascular exercises were a major part of the fitness plan . Smith and other participants met four days a week for intense one-hour workouts . Before the challenge started , Smith had high blood pressure , high sugar glucose levels and did not eat well-balanced meals . After he started the fitness challenge , he added healthy food to his diet , such as fruits , vegetables , fish and chicken , and he eliminated fatty foods and red meats . "  One of my favorite things to add to food is mayonnaise , but I substituted it with Greek yogurt during the program and this helped me reduce calories , " he said . "  I 'm still eating the yogurt , and enjoy it . " Smith said the first few weeks of the program were the most challenging , but after a while he adjusted to his new routine and diet and appreciated the opportunity to get fit . "  It took a lot of effort for me to change my lifestyle , but once I started seeing the pounds shed away , it gave me the motivation I needed to keep going , " Smith said . Smith said his goal was simply to get in shape , and he never aspired to win the fitness challenge . He was pleasantly surprised when he did . His blood pressure and sugar glucose levels are normal now , and he feels much better since dropping his weight . Since the program has ended , he continues to work out and has dropped eight more pounds . "  I just joined the ` Y , ' signed up for kick boxing , step and Pilates classes and continue to both walk and run every day , " he said . "  Paul 's program was the jumpstart I needed , and now I am continuing my weight loss journey on my own , " he said . Smith said everyone needs to find their own way to a healthy lifestyle and says his best advice is to "  just do it , " find something you like and do n't procrastinate or "  wait for tomorrow " like he once did . "  I look forward to spending many healthy years into the future with my grandkids , and am glad I am taking the necessary steps to do it , " he said .	Larry Smith dropped 58 pounds in 12 weeks and explains how he did it "  I was on the path to not living old and this bothered me , " he said Smith : Exercise and a healthy diet are both key to losing weight
New York  CNN  -- The woman accusing former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn of sexually assaulting her insisted she was "  telling the truth from my heart , " in an interview broadcast Monday . "  I want justice . I want him to go to jail , " Nafissatou Diallo told ABC . "  I want him to know you can not use your power when you do something like this . " The 32-year-old hotel maid , whose credibility has been called into question by prosecutors and Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers , said she was terrified when she found out how powerful Strauss-Kahn was . When she saw news reports explaining that the man she was accusing was a leading candidate for the French presidency , "  I said , ` Oh , my God . ' I was crying . I said , ` They 're going to kill me , I 'm going to die . ' " That 's because in her native Guinea , West Africa , accusing "  a powerful man like that " would put her life in danger , she said . Diallo 's choice to go public with her accusations in the middle of a pending criminal investigation is extremely unusual . She spoke with both ABC and Newsweek magazine . CNN previously has not identified Diallo , given the network 's policy against naming alleged sexual assault victims . But it is now naming her , in light of her decision to make her case to the media . On May 14 , Diallo accused Strauss-Kahn , 62 , of assaulting and trying to rape her at Manhattan 's Sofitel Hotel , where she was an employee . He was charged in New York with sexual abuse and attempted rape , pleading not guilty on all counts . He insists the encounter with Diallo was consensual . Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys William Taylor and Benjamin Brafman issued a revised statement Monday standing by their earlier claim that Diallo is "  the first accuser in history to conduct a media campaign to persuade a prosecutor to pursue charges against an innocent person from whom she wants money . " "  These efforts are a desperate distraction from the key fact that Ms. Diallo has had to admit to misleading these very same prosecutors from the beginning . And , her lawyers know that her claim for money suffers a fatal blow when the criminal charges are dismissed as they must be , " the statement said . Accompanied by her lawyers , Diallo plans to meet on Wednesday with prosecutors in Manhattan , a source close to the investigation tells CNN . This would be the first such meeting in nearly a month . Relations between the two parties have been strained since Diallo 's attorney Kenneth Thompson held a news conference in which he graphically detailed the alleged attack and then accused prosecutors of abandoning his client . In addition to the state case , Thompson said Monday that he plans to file a lawsuit this week against Strauss-Kahn on behalf of Diallo . Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers said , referring to Diallo and her attorney 's actions , said , "  The number of rallies , press conferences and media events they have orchestrated is exceeded only by the number of lies and misstatements she has made to law enforcement , friends , medical professionals and reporters ... It is time for this unseemly circus to stop . " Thompson shot back , accusing Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys of conducting "  an unprecedented smear campaign against the victim of a violent sexual attack . " "  Because of those contemptible , baseless and anonymous attacks , Ms. Diallo was forced to come forward in order to put a face to the brutal crime , " Thompson said in a statement . On July 1 , a judge freed Strauss-Kahn from house arrest after prosecutors presented evidence showing that Diallo admitted she had lied about the specifics of her whereabouts after the incident and , from her past , the details of an asylum application and information she put on tax forms . Prosecutors said she admitted lying on the asylum application about having been a victim of a gang rape , even providing details of that attack . She cried when she first told prosecutors about the alleged gang rape , but in a subsequent interview , she admitted it never occurred . She said the fabricated account on the asylum application was made with the assistance of a man who "  provided her with a cassette recording of the facts " so that she could memorize them . ABC reported that in the interview , Diallo acknowledged "  mistakes . " But she insisted that her story of what happened in the hotel is the unvarnished truth . "  He came to me and grabbed my breasts , " she told ABC , adding that she asked him to stop and said "  I do n't want to lose my job . " "  I was like , ` Stop this , stop this , ' " she said in the interview . But , she insisted , Strauss-Kahn "  kept pushing me back to the hallway . ... I was so afraid . I was so scared . " In the interview with Newsweek , conducted at her lawyer 's office in New York City , Diallo said Strauss-Kahn was naked when he slammed the door shut to his luxury hotel room , forced himself upon her and tried to make her perform oral sex on him . She said she was "  nervous " and "  scared " when she eventually ran from Strauss-Kahn 's hotel room , ending an incident that took about 15 minutes . Strauss-Kahn was initially arrested at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport while on board a Paris-bound plane . His arrest created an international furor , prompting his resignation as IMF chief as New York Judge Michael Obus ordered him held under a $ 6 million bail . Political watchers in France said he would no longer be a likely candidate for the upcoming presidential election . While prosecutors have questioned Diallo 's credibility , the charges against Strauss-Kahn have not been dismissed . There have been further twists in recent weeks , including writer Tristane Banon 's filing of a complaint accusing Strauss-Kahn of attempted rape in France , stemming from an alleged 2003 incident in Paris . A lawyer for Strauss-Kahn in France said he subsequently filed a counterclaim against Banon for false declarations . Diallo filed a libel lawsuit against the New York Post and five of its reporters after the newspaper reported that the woman accusing Strauss-Kahn was a prostitute . The paper cited anonymous sources and said it stands by its reporting . "  Because of him , they call me a prostitute , " Diallo said in the Newsweek interview , blaming Strauss-Kahn for the accusations . Strauss-Kahn 's next court date for the New York incident is scheduled for August 1 . The hearing had been pushed back from mid-July as prosecutors tried to determine whether to drop the charges or move forward in the case , said Erin Duggan , communications director for Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance . On Sunday , amid the fresh attention related to Diallo 's interviews , Duggan declined to comment on what she called the "  pending criminal case . " "  To protect the integrity of the criminal justice system , the rights of the victim and the rights of the accused , we will not discuss the facts or evidence in what remains an ongoing investigation , " she said in a statement . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	NEW : Nafissatou Diallo will meet with prosectuors Wednesday , a source says She tells reporters that she feared she 'd be killed for accusing Strauss-Kahn The ex-IMF chief 's attorneys cite Diallo 's lies and say her campaign is about getting money Diallo acknowledges that she has made "  mistakes , " ABC reports
CNN  -- Gas prices have dropped more than 7 cents over the past two weeks , but risen in some regions stricken by Superstorm Sandy , according to a survey published Sunday . The new national average for regular gasoline is $ 3.47 -- down more than 36 cents over the past six weeks , the Lundberg Survey found . "  This latest decline comes mostly from weak gasoline demand , " said publisher Trilby Lundberg , "  both because we are in the lower demand season and have also lost our daylight saving time . Losing that puts a damper on driving . " Sandy 's impact in the Northeast lowered demand as well , since many people were stuck at home , unable to drive . Map : See images of destruction , recovery across the East Coast But because there was also "  great difficulty getting fuel to the end user point , " gas prices went up in some of those same areas , she said . The highest average price found by the latest survey was $ 4.18 for New York 's Long Island . That average was up 26 cents from two weeks earlier . Long Island generally has higher prices than the national average due to taxes . The Lundberg Survey tallies prices at thousands of gas stations nationwide . Good news should lie ahead for consumers around the country , Lundberg said . "  Pump prices may well drop some more form here -- unless crude oil prices get seriously spooked by Middle East conflict or another geopolitical issue . " The current nationwide average is 9cents above the average a year ago , "  whereas most of this year it 's been more like 16 cents , " Lundberg said . The city with the lowest average in the latest survey was Memphis , at $ 3.04 . Here are average prices in some other cities : San Diego - $ 3.80 Seattle - $ 3.49 Las Vegas - $ 3.57 Denver - $ 3.35 El Paso - $ 3.36 St. Louis - $ 3.14 Boston - $ 3.69 Atlanta - $ 3.24 Miami - $ 3.42	The average nationwide gasoline price is down 7 cents over 2 weeks , a survey says But prices are up in some areas hit by Superstorm Sandy , the Lundberg Survey reports Long Island had the highest average in the latest survey Memphis had the lowest
CNN  -- The Senate Intelligence Committee report into the CIA 's brutal interrogation tactics against detainees captured after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks is drawing mostly criticism from around the world . While the initial overseas reaction from both United States ' allies as well as its enemies was largely muted , the revelations of the intelligence agency 's use of "  enhanced interrogation techniques " in the post-9 / 11 era have been widely condemned . The report found CIA tactics were more brutal than previously known and accused the agency of keeping the Bush White House and Congress in the dark . Afghanistan Afghanistan 's President Ashraf Ghani condemned the "  inhumane actions " outlined in the report and told reporters in Kabul Wednesday that the document "  unfortunately shows that our Afghan compatriots had been tortured . " It was "  really painful " that some torture victims were innocent , he said . "  All Afghan people should know that after 2014 no international forces would be allowed to put any Afghan citizen in jail , get into their homes or have prisons , " he said . China Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Hong Lei told reporters Wednesday : "  China consistently opposes torture . We believe that the U.S. side should reflect upon and rectify its relevant behavior , earnestly obey and implement the provisions of international conventions . " In a commentary published by the state-run Xinhua news agency , China blasted what it said was "  the sheer hypocrisy of the United States as a defender of human rights . " The commentary said Guantanamo Bay was "  notorious for human rights violations since 2004 , " adding that neither President George W. Bush nor President Barrack Obama "  has done anything to change the situation . " "  To simply look through the details of water boarding , deprivation of sleep and sexual abuses in the report can constitute a traumatizing experience , " Wang Shang said in the commentary . Russia The Russian Foreign Ministry said Thursday that the information made public from the report "  is another confirmation of gross systematic violations of human rights by the American authorities . " "  We urge the human rights community and relevant international organizations to demand from Washington a disclosure of full information of offenses committed within the framework of the ` global war with terror ' and to bring perpetrators to justice , " the ministry said in a statement . Great Britain Prime Minster David Cameron condemned torture while in Turkey on Tuesday , saying : "  Torture is wrong . Torture is always wrong . Those of us want to see a safer , more secure world , want to see the extremism defeated . We wo n't succeed if we lose our moral authority . " Iran Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei responded to the report in a series of tweets , saying of the U.S. : "  They claim they 've a prideful nation ; US govts . debased & misguided their ppl who are n't aware of many realities . " He wrote in another tweet : "  Today , US govt . is symbol of tyranny against humanity ; even American ppl are faced w cruelty . " France The Foreign Ministry said that , when it comes to the fight against terrorism , "  the main objective of the international community must stay within the framework of respect for human rights and international humanitarian law . " Germany Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said on his verified Twitter account that the report findings pointed to "  clear violations of democratic values " . "  This can not be repeated , " he added . "  President Obama clearly breaks with the politics of his predecessor . We welcome this new transparency to admit mistakes ... What was considered right in fight against Islamic terrorism was unacceptable + a serious mistake . " Pakistan "  We deplore the systematic torture of the detainees at various locations by the CIA , " said Tasnim Aslam , a spokesperson for the Pakistani Foreign Ministry . Aslam said that the report "  reinforces what we have said all along -- that the international human rights and the international humanitarian law must be respected when encountering intelligence terrorism . " "  We have also emphasized the need for transparency , " Aslam told reporters . "  We have noted the reassurances held out by the U.S. administration , including at the highest levels , that this behavior would never be repeated again . " North Korea North Korea referred to the report in an article published by the state news agency KCNA , which accused the United Nations Security Council of a double standard for "  turning its face from the inhuman torture practiced by the CIA over which the UN Anti-Torture Committee expressed particular concern and which is dealt with in the 6,000 page-long report presented by the Intelligence Committee of the U.S. Senate . " Poland Former President Aleksander Kwasniewski said the report findings further "  the feeling that the USA is becoming weaker , especially in Moscow , where for many years now there is an opinion to ` test ' the west as America is weak . " "  I think that this report is something that the Kremlin will receive as an unexpected Christmas present , " he said . "  We had every right to believe that they would conduct activities in accordance to law , American law , which is not more liberal than Polish law or international law ... Another lesson from this report is , that trust even in your closest ally must be limited . " United Nations U.N. Special Rapporteur on Counter Terrorism and Human Rights Ben Emmerson called on the U.S. to prosecute those responsible for crimes outlined in the report . Emmerson said the program was "  a clear policy orchestrated at a high level within the Bush administration , which allowed ... systematic crimes and gross violations of international human rights law . " CNN 's Anna Maja Rappard and Sophia Saifi , Elena Sandyrev and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Senate Intelligence Committee torture report mostly condemned around the globe Afghanistan 's President Ashraf Ghani condemns "  inhumane actions " British Prime Minster David Cameron : "  Torture is wrong . Torture is always wrong " German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier tweets : "  This can not be repeated "
CNN  -- Years after his death , baseball legend Honus Wagner hit a home run for a group of nuns , who will use proceeds from the sale of his extremely rare baseball card to do charitable work . Texas-based Heritage Auctions conducted the internet auction , which concluded Thursday night with a winning bid from Doug Walton , whose family owns seven stores in the Southeast specializing in sports cards and collectibles . "  I have been in the market for this card for a long time , " Walton told CNN . "  It is the Mona Lisa of baseball cards . " Walton paid $ 262,900 , Heritage said , with $ 220,000 of that going to the School Sisters of Notre Dame . The card 's price beat initial estimates by $ 162,900 . Both the card and the account of how it came to be sold make for compelling stories . Like other stars of the early 20th century , Wagner , a Hall of Famer with the Pittsburgh Pirates , appeared on tobacco company cards . The T206 cards were made between 1909 and 1911 . Wagner 's likeness was removed , either because he opposed being associated by young fans with tobacco or because he was n't being paid enough by the company , said Chris Ivy , director of sports sales for Heritage Auctions . Only 50 to 60 T206 Wagner cards are believed to exist . One in near-mint condition sold for $ 2.8 million in 2007 . The Catholic order , which has a facility in Baltimore , Maryland , obtained the card when the brother of one its nuns died earlier this year , leaving several baseball cards to the congregation . Neither of the siblings has been identified . Never mind that the card 's sides had been trimmed to fit in a scrapbook , that it was laminated and lost some paper on the back , leaving it in poor condition . It 's an authentic T206 Honus Wagner card . "  The fact that this was in her brother 's collection since the 1930s and no one knew it " makes its history special , Ivy told CNN . The Catholic missionary and teaching order said Wagner 's name "  is blessed to us now . " "  We 're very grateful to have the extra funds to help the School Sisters of Notre Dame where we minister in more than 30 countries , " said Sister Virginia Muller , treasurer of the order 's Atlantic-Midwest area , in a statement . Walton , managing partner of Walton Sports Cards and Collectibles , said he 's tried three previous times to buy a Wagner card , but was outbid . He plans to have the card make the rounds of the company 's stores in Tennessee , Florida and South Carolina . He concedes he paid about $ 60,000 more than the card is worth , but "  the back story made me spend the extra money on it . " About 75 percent of his pursuit of the T206 card was emotion , he said . "  I 'm a very stubborn person . "	Rare Honus Wagner baseball card sold at auction Catholic nuns will receive $ 220,000 to do charitable work Buyer has been in the market for card for a long time
CNN  Looks like another really , really , ridiculously good-looking person is joining the cast of "  Zoolander 2 . " Actress Penelope Cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to the popular 2001 film , Ben Stiller announced Friday . Stiller , who plays the title role of male model Derek Zoolander , dropped the news by sharing a photo of "  Little Penny " Cruz as a child and saying he was "  excited " to welcome her to the cast . Stiller and Owen Wilson , who plays so-hot-right-now model "  Hansel " made a surprise appearance at Paris Fashion Week to promote the film . It is scheduled for release in February 2016 . Stiller has been sharing photos on social media from the film 's production in Italy , dropping hints to the plot . For example , it looks like Zoolander has a son in the sequel ! Stiller , a producer on the film , is also slated to produce the sequel to "  Dodgeball , " another fan favorite from his resume .	Ben Stiller announces that Penelope Cruz will join cast of "  Zoolander 2 " "  Zoolander 2 " is scheduled for release in 2016
Commuters encountered an unexpected passenger when they boarded a New York City subway train early Wednesday : a shark . A still wet 1-and-a-half foot shark carcass was discovered on the floor of a subway car at around midnight in downtown Manhattan . "  I thought it was just a plush toy or a prank , " passenger Juan Cano told CNN . "  When I saw the teeth that 's I knew it was real , it was no toy . " The shark , described as weighing between five to 10 pounds , was discovered near a row of seats by passengers on the Queens-bound N train at the 14th Street stop . The shark had blood on its mouth , as though it has recently been punctured by a fishing hook , according to Cano . The shark quickly drew a crowd , as entering subway riders began to photograph and pose with the shark , even adding a subway fare card , soft drink can and a cigarette to the supine shark as props . After several stops , an MTA official entered the train at Queensboro Plaza , cleared it of passengers , and locked its doors , Metropolitan Transit Authority spokesmen Kevin Ortiz told CNN . The shark was removed later that night and disposed of . The shark 's species was never identified . MTA officials were unable to "  determine the shark 's origin , " according to Ortiz . This is not the first case of a mysterious shark appearance . In Nantucket last week , a 5-foot-long shark carcass was discovered outside the door of a bar on Water Street . "  I have no idea how or why it got there . " Sea Dog Brew Pub manager Jim Agnew told CNN . Asked whether anything out of the ordinary happened that evening , Agnew could only point to having to ask two people to leave , but those were "  peaceful ejections " he said -- adding that the customs had since returned to the bar . Some have speculated that the appearance of sharks in mysterious places is a publicity stunt for the Discovery Channel 's "  Shark Week . " Photos of the two mysterious sharks have exploded on social media using the hashtag #sharkweek . Discovery Channel denies any involvement . "  Shark Week is all about conservation , so it deeply saddens us that someone would think that this was funny or in any way connected to our celebration of sharks , " said spokeswoman Laurie Goldberg . MTA officials told CNN they have no plans to "  continue investigating " how the shark got on the subway .	Shark carcass found on subway Passengers pose for photos MTA officials do n't know how it got on board
CNN  -- There is a great , geologic break in the land that runs almost the length of Texas from around Fort Worth to just west of San Antonio . Known as the Balcones Escarpment , geologists describe the rift as the place "  where the South ends and the West begins . " An ecological transition zone between rich , black-land prairie and the arid Southwestern deserts , the Comanche people thrived on the escarpment 's sweet springs and abundant wildlife . Today , they would find strip malls , McMansions and 10-lane traffic jams . Five of the 20 fastest growing cities in America might be in Texas , but they are also the municipalities moving the quickest toward failure of infrastructure and other acute problems the state 's leaders ignore . Of the 387,000 people who moved here in 2013 , some 150 to 200 daily landed in Austin , which has been ranked several times as the country 's fastest-growing city . Hill Country , lakes , food , live music and temperate weather explain the allure , but very few newcomers know about things such as the absurd lack of mass transit . The latest INRIX Traffic Scorecard Annual Report ranks Austin is the fourth-worst city in America for commuting . Neophyte Austinites might gain outstanding cheese enchiladas in their lives but will lose 38 hours each year sitting in traffic . A commuter rail train runs in the Texas capital city , but because it was consigned to old freight tracks , it hardly serves the population density . Voters rejected two light rail projects , but they will consider yet another billion dollar train and road initiative in November . Houston , often viewed as a nightmare carscape , has a light rail line downtown that records 5,000 boardings a mile every weekday . DART rail in Dallas also has healthy ridership , but the traffic has not noticeably lessened . Our roads are a serious problem . Because the Texas constitution requires a pay-as-you-go style government , officeholders used bonded indebtedness to avoid raising taxes and being politically punished . In fact , the gas tax in the state has not been raised since 1991 while lawmakers racked up a $ 23 billion dollar bond bill to construct roads . Servicing and retiring that debt will cost taxpayers $ 31 billion over the next 20 years . As the governor of Texas tours the country trying to lure more businesses south of the Red River with tales of low tax rates , he never mentions his state has almost $ 45 billion in bonded indebtedness , and taxpayers will pay that bill , some how , some way . But , hey , we can tell outsiders we do n't raise taxes . The greatest peril facing a booming Texas population , however , is the lack of water . An epic drought has made water more precious than oil . Outlanders from the Midwest and California arrive in Texas , build homes , plant grass , install irrigation systems and water their lush green lawns in a landscape nature created for scorpions and rattlesnakes . Green Lake , near the Gulf Coast , is the state 's only natural body of water ; everything else is a reservoir , and they are running dry from too many straws thirstily sipping through 100-degree days . Lake Travis , the jewel of the Texas Hill Country , which is also the water supply for Austin 's swelling population , has not been full since 2007 . The city 's water utility director recently warned that the reservoir would run dry by 2016 , even with severe use restrictions . The city of Wichita Falls , near the border with Oklahoma , made national news recently when it informed residents they would have to start drinking recycled wastewater . After treatment at a sewage plant , the water is piped to another facility where it 's cleansed for consumption . Bottled water sales are said to be booming . The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality predicts four dozen cities in the Lone Star state can expect to run out of water , possibly by the end of this year , if the drought does not break . If you are considering relocation , we ought to have a chat about our onerous property tax rates in Texas and what they do to your prospective house payments . We can also talk about how the legislature never gives school districts the money they need to operate and has been sued by parents and educators for that very reason since 1968 , and , just recently lost another constitutional lawsuit over how schools are funded . Or , maybe , we should discuss the governor 's refusal to expand Medicaid and how we have the most uninsured residents of any state in the union . But , no worries ; we can fill you in when you get here . The sun is shining . The beer is cold . And a No. 2 Mexican dinner awaits . Y' all come on down to Texas .	Five of the 20 fastest-growing cities in America are in Texas ; Austin is the fastest of all James Moore : Prairie gave way to strip malls , McMansions , 10-lane traffic jams Moore : Infrastructure a mess ; Austin is the fourth-worst city in America for commuting Moore : Growing population a terrible drain on water as Texas suffers from an epic drought
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Hurricane Bill weakened Friday afternoon to a Category 2 hurricane , with its maximum sustained winds at 105 mph , forecasters said . Hurricane Bill is expected to pass between Bermuda and the U.S. East Coast over the weekend . As of 11 p.m. Friday , Bill 's center was about 180 miles west-southwest of Bermuda , and about 545 miles east-southeast of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina . Its forward speed had increased to about 20 mph as it continued moving north-northwest , forecasters said . The storm was expected to gradually turn toward the north late Friday and into Saturday . See Bill 's projected path " If the storm follows its current track , it should pass over the open water between Bermuda and the U.S. East Coast on Saturday , forecasters said . Earlier Friday , Bill 's outer bands began producing rain in Bermuda as the storm neared the British territory , the hurricane center said . Forecasters expect Bill to pelt Bermuda with 1 to 3 inches of rain , although up to 5 inches is possible . iReport.com : Bermuda 's preparations The storm also was beginning to affect the U.S. East Coast , where dangerous rip currents and battering waves were developing , said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras . Rip currents form as wind and waves push water against the shore , where it is caught behind an obstacle such as a sandbar until it breaks free , sending a strong channel of water flowing away from the shoreline . The large swells are expected to affect most of the U.S. East Coast within the next couple of days , the hurricane center said . There were reports of waves at the center of the storm as high as 54 feet , Jeras said . With Bill advancing , the Bermuda Weather Service forecasts the storm tide will raise water levels by as much as 3 feet along the coast and produce large , battering waves . Large swells were affecting Puerto Rico , the island of Hispaniola and the Bahamas to the south , the agency said . Bermuda remained under a tropical storm warning and a hurricane watch . The warning means winds of at least 39 mph are expected within 24 hours , while the watch indicates winds of at least 74 mph are possible within 36 hours . Hurricane-force winds extended outward up to 85 miles from the center and storm-force winds outward as much as 275 miles , the hurricane center said . Forecasters advised people along the New England coast and in the Canadian Maritime provinces to monitor Bill 's progress .	Hurricane Bill downgraded to Category 2 storm Hurricane expected to pelt Bermuda with 1 to 3 inches of rain Battering waves developing on parts of U.S. East Coast Bill is expected to pass between Bermuda and East Coast
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Los Angeles elementary school teacher allegedly took bondage photos of more than two dozen students in his classroom , including some with suspected semen-filled spoons at their mouths , investigators said Tuesday . The young students "  did n't realize they were victimized , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Sgt. Dan Scott told CNN Tuesday . "  They thought they were being blindfolded and gagged as a game , " he said . "  And they were rewarded with cookies or spoons full of sugar  but  they did not realize the spoon contained semen . " The photographs also showed "  a large 3-inch cockroach that would crawl on their face , " Scott said . Mark Berndt , 61 , was arrested on child molestation charges at his Torrance , California , home Monday and is being held pending $ 2.3 million bond in a Los Angeles County jail , according to Sheriff 's Lt. Carlos Marquez . He is scheduled to make a first appearance before a judge Wednesday morning on 23 counts of lewd acts on a child , according to the county 's district attorney . CNN was not able to immediately identify or reach Berndt 's lawyer . While the investigation began more than a year ago , the arrest came soon after lab testing matched Berndt 's DNA with semen found on a spoon recovered from his classroom , Scott said . Investigators persuaded the suspect to voluntarily give them a DNA sample just two months ago , he said . The 30-year teaching veteran was removed from his job at Miramonte Elementary School in south Los Angeles on January 7 , 2011 , the day the sheriff 's department told the school district about the investigation , Los Angeles School Superintendent John Deasy said . "  I am sickened and horrified by the behavior of Mark Berndt . This individual and his conduct do not reflect on the quality of the teachers who work so hard on behalf of the students in the Los Angeles Unified School District , " Deasy said in a written statement . The probe started when a film processor gave investigators "  over 40 photographs depicting children in a school classroom , with their eyes blindfolded and mouths covered with tape , " the sheriff 's statement said . "  Investigators learned that some of the photos depicted suspect Mark Berndt with his arm around the children , or with his hand over their mouths , " it said . Some photos show female students with "  what appeared to be a blue plastic spoon , filled with an unknown clear/white liquid substance , up to their mouths as if they were going to ingest the substance , " the statement said . Other photos showed "  children with large live Madagascar-type cockroaches on their faces and mouths , " it said . Investigators , who interviewed more than 80 current and former students and school employees , identified 23 boys and girls then between the ages of 7 and 10 years old as victims in crimes that are believed to have been committed between 2005 and 2010 , it said . A search of Berndt 's home found more than 100 more similar photographs depicting children and a video depicting adult sexual "  bondage " activity "  which mirrored the bondage-type photos of the children , " investigators said . The film processor later gave investigators an additional 250 photographs , it said . About 10 children seen in the more than 400 images have not yet been identified , it said . "  Early in the investigation , Special Victims Bureau detectives recovered a blue plastic spoon and an empty container from the trash within the suspect 's classroom , " the sheriff 's statement said . "  The recovered items tested positive for semen . Through further investigation , the suspect 's DNA was obtained and tested , and  investigators  determined that it matched that of the DNA profile found on the spoon and container . " Investigators did not reveal the contents of the fluid to the children or tell them that the case involved child molestation allegations , Scott said . CNN 's Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	The young students "  did n't realize they were victimized , " an investigator says Children were told they were playing a game , may have been spoon-fed semen In classroom photos , students had "  eyes blindfolded and mouths covered , " officials say Mark Berndt , a 30-year teaching vet , is charged with child molestation
TOKYO , Japan -- Three-time grand prix winner Norifumi Abe of Japan has been killed in a street crash when his 500cc scooter collided with a truck making an illegal U-turn , police have revealed on Monday . Abe won two grand prix in Japan and another in Brazil during the 1990s . The 32-year-old ploughed into the truck while it was turning in the Tokyo suburb of Kawasaki . In 1994 , while racing in his home championship , Abe had a chance to race at the 1994 Japanese Grand Prix as a ` wild card ' . He was challenging strongly for a remarkable victory until three corners from the finish when he fell off . His impressed Kenny Roberts ' Yamaha team sufficiently to be offered two more rides in the 500cc championship that year . Abe finished sixth in both and was given a full-time 500cc ride for the 1995 season . He took his first podium finish in 1995 , and his first win and fifth overall a year later . He moved to the D'Antin team in 1999 , won at Rio that year , and won again at Suzuka a year later , amidst two seasons on less competitive machinery , in which his solid finishing ensured that his 100 per cent record of top 10 championship finishes continued . Abe was less happy under MotoGP regulations but when he was moved to Yamaha 's returning World Superbike squad for 2005 , despite having less support than Noriyuki Haga and Andrew Pitt , he finished in the championship top 10 . In 2006 he did not make a podium and this year he competed in the All-Japan Superbike Championship , again on a Yamaha . E-mail to a friend	Three-time 500cc winner Norifumi Abe has been killed in a road accident The 32-year-old 's scooter was in collision with a truck in Kawasaki , Japan Abe won two grand prix races in his native Japan and another one in Brazil
By its own admission , the Australian government 's policy on asylum seekers has been overwhelmed , just three months after the passing of new laws aimed at stemming the flow of those seeking refuge in Australia . Since the resurrection of the so-called "  Pacific Solution , " under which asylum seekers making their way to Australia by boat are processed offshore , 7,929 people have arrived in Australian waters on 134 boats , according to the Immigration Department . Australian Immigration Minister Chris Bowen said Wednesday that detention facilities on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea and Nauru would not be able to accommodate all the asylum seekers who had recently arrived and said that "  some of these people will be processed in the Australian community . " At full capacity , Nauru and Manus Island are able to accommodate 2,100 asylum seekers , around a third of the number who have arrived since August 13 when the government announced a return to the policy introduced by the Liberal government led by John Howard in 2001 . The decision to process the overload of asylum seekers on the Australian mainland comes as Amnesty International inspectors this week described conditions at the Nauru detention center , where 387 asylum seekers are currently held , as "  appalling . " Amnesty said conditions were so bad that there had been a "  terrible spiral " of self-harm , hunger strikes and suicide attempts as people waited to be processed . One of several people on a hunger strike at the facility had not eaten for more than 40 days , the group said . The center on Nauru re-opened in August this year . "  In summer , in the heat , it gets to over 40 degrees during the day in those tents and it was certainly very hot and humid when we were in there . When it 's raining , as it is now , the tents are leaking and their bedding gets wet at night , " Amnesty 's Graham Thor told reporters during a visit to the island . The government has dismissed the criticism . "  Conditions on Nauru at times may not be pleasant but they are the same conditions immigration staff and service providers are working under , " Immigration Minister Chris Bowen said . Foreign Minister Senator Bob Carr insisted Wednesday that despite the extraordinarily large number of arrivals , the re-opening of the Nauru facility had deterred people from making the journey . Nor did he think that Amnesty International 's observations had damaged Australia 's reputation . "  I think Australia stands out in the world as having a humane commitment that I 'm very proud of , that all Australians can be very proud of , " he told the ABC . But for Ramesh Fernandez , the CEO and founder of RISE , a not for profit support group for refugees and asylum seekers , Australia 's mandatory detention laws are little more than an illegal form of "  house arrest . " Fernandez , who spent three years in both onshore and offshore processing centers between 2011 and 2004 after fleeing Sri Lanka , said , based on his experience , asylum seekers kept in detention were poorly treated and their complaints ignored . "  Offshore processing centers may lower the number of asylum seekers in Australia , but it is not a viable solution to fairly deal with asylum seekers and it will not put a stop to people coming to this country by boat , " he told CNN . But as the first group of 19 asylum seekers , or "  irregular maritime arrivals " as the government calls them , were transferred from Australian territory to Manus Island , the Immigration Minister issued a now familiar warning to those attempting the perilous sea journey to Australia . "  To those contemplating the dangerous journey to Australia by boat : people smugglers are lying to you , do n't waste your money and do n't risk your life -- it 's just not worth it , " he in a media release . ` There is no visa on arrival , there will be no special treatment , no speedy outcome and certainly no advantage given to those who come by boat . " Those who can not be accommodated on Manus Island or Nauru would be processed onshore , Bowen said . Bridging visas would be granted but asylum seekers would not have the right to work and would receive only minimal accommodation assistance . They will still be subject to the "  no advantage " rule , just like those who were sent offshore for processing , he added . The government also announced Wednesday that 100 Sri Lankan men had been involuntarily returned to their homeland -- the ninth and largest involuntary removal to date . The Immigration Minister said when the men were advised that they were subject to removal from Australia , they raised no issues "  that engaged Australia 's international obligations " : they were not considered nor considered themselves to be refugees . Sri Lankans have been returned to Colombo since the Pacific Solution came into effect . Some chose to return to Sri Lanka voluntarily , rather than transfer from the Australian mainland to Nauru . Fernandez believes the men recently deported may have preferred to return to Sri Lanka . "  If people choose to go back where they were persecuted over Nauru ,  this  means that they are ready die rather  than  getting rotten somewhere , not able to seek freedom , " he told CNN . "  It is not a win for the Australian government and the government must be ashamed for creating a rigid refugee policy which persecutes asylum seekers once again , " he added . For Fernandez , the Australian government has blood on its hands . For Amnesty International , it will come as no surprise that Sri Lankans are opting to return home or putting up little resistance . The human rights group noted after its inspection of Nauru , that asylum seekers believed they were being sent to the island state to be "  driven crazy " and would prefer to return home .	Nearly 8,000 asylum seekers arrived in Australia since new laws passed 3 months ago Immigration minister said detention facilities can not accommodate all asylum seekers Human rights groups criticize "  appalling " conditions of detention facilities
CNN Student News  -- February 8 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day In your opinion , how long should the media follow the story of a tragedy ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . What group of islands was affected by an earthquake and tsunami on Wednesday ? * * 2 . What city continues to investigate why its stadium lost power during the Super Bowl ? * * 3 . Who inspired the Montgomery bus boycott after refusing to give up her bus seat to a white man ? * * 4 . What 15th-century king 's remains were recently discovered beneath a parking lot in Leicester , England ? * * 5 . What animal represents the Chinese New Year that begins on February 10 ? * * 6 . What service is the U.S. Post Office planning to eliminate this August ? * * 7 . What space objects , discovered in 1801 , are typically found between Mars and Jupiter ? * * 8 . In what city did Martin Luther King Jr. deliver his famous "  I Have a Dream " speech ? * * 9 . A protester recently threw a shoe at Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , the president of what country ? * * 10 . What Monopoly game piece is being replaced by one in the shape of a cat ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- The disease that carves an insidious path through the brain seems to be doing the same through sports . Chronic traumatic encephalopathy , the degenerative brain disease associated with concussions , has been identified in both a soccer and a rugby player , according to a review in the journal Acta Neuropathologica . The brain tissue of people found to have CTE displays an abnormal build-up of tau -- a protein that , when it spills out of cells , can choke off , or disable , neural pathways controlling things like memory , judgment and fear . CTE can be diagnosed only after death . According to Dr. Ann McKee , a neuropathologist who has examined dozens of brains found to have CTE , the brain of the soccer player -- Patrick Grange -- displayed diffuse disease . "  There was very severe degeneration of the frontal lobes with widespread tau pathology in the frontal , temporal and parietal lobes , " McKee , director of neuropathology at the Bedford VA Medical Center , said in an e-mail . "  He is one of the youngest players to have shown this much disease . " Former NFLer : ` Your mind just goes crazy ' Grange played with the Chicago Fire Reserve MLS team and the Albuquerque Asylum semi-pro team , according to his obituary . He died in 2012 at 29 after being diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , a rare , incurable neurodegenerative disease . About 13 % of the 103 CTE cases uncovered by McKee and colleagues also showed evidence of progressive motor neuron disease . "  Grange  had no known genetic predisposition for ALS , " said McKee , professor of neurology and pathology at the Boston University School of Medicine . "  And no family members have been diagnosed with ALS . " An autopsy showed that Grange had Stage 2 CTE with motor neuron disease , according to a statement from Boston University . His case is interesting because it raises questions about the relationship between heading the ball and CTE . "  The fact that Patrick Grange was a prolific header is important , " Chris Nowinski , co-founder and executive director of the Sports Legacy Institute , said in an e-mail . "  We need a larger discussion around at what age we introduce headers , and how we set limits to exposure once it is introduced . " Heading would seem to be innocuous compared with the brutal hits that can be dealt in a football or hockey game , but the damage , according to studies , can add up . Headers in soccer are associated with microstructural damage to brain tissue and memory problems ; and an Italian study linked them with ALS . Similarly , researchers found Australian rugby union player Barry "  Tizza " Taylor died in 2013 of complications of severe CTE with dementia at age 77 . Taylor played for 19 years in amateur and senior leagues before becoming a coach , according to Boston University . "  Cognitive problems , memory loss , attention difficulties and executive dysfunction were first noted in his mid-50s , followed by depression and anxiety , worsening explosivity and impulsivity , " the statement said . By his mid-60s , the statement said , Taylor was "  physically and verbally abusive " and "  paranoid . " Tony Dorsett : ` I 'm going to beat this ' CTE is most commonly associated with football and boxing , but the disease has been found in the brain tissue of hockey players , wrestlers and , recently , in a Major League Baseball player . With the most recent findings , it would seem that virtually no sport is immune .	A new study identifies CTE in soccer and rugby players CTE can develop from repeated blows to the head The research raises questions about "  heading " in soccer
CNN  -- Snowstorms barreled across New England on Wednesday , canceling flights , closing schools and creating treacherous road conditions for weather-weary travelers . Massachusetts Gov. Duval Patrick declared a state of emergency , mobilizing 250 National Guardsmen as a precaution , as officials warned of blizzard conditions across the state and into southern New Hampshire . "  The wind is blowing very hard and that 's what most unpleasant , " said Brookline , Massachusetts , resident Bonnie Sashin . "  It 's blowing ice into your face . " Forecasters said accumulation in scattered areas across Massachusetts , Connecticut , Rhode Island , New Hampshire and Vermont could reach between 25 and 34 inches , while most areas expected 8 to 16 inches of snow . Snowfall in the heaviest areas reached rates of 2 to 3 inches per hour , according to the National Weather Service . Some residents in Brattleboro , Vermont , donned cross-country skis as they traveled down snow-jammed roads , while their neighbors heaved shovelfuls of snow out of driveways and sidewalks , said town resident Caleb Clark . More than 15,000 households were without power in Massachusetts , including thousands of customers in Plymouth County who were affected by a transmission-line outage , according to the National Grid utility company 's website . The hardest-hit areas included Plymouth , Bristol , Essex , Norfolk and Suffolk counties in Massachusetts , the utility company said . "  This is the second major storm we are battling in less than three weeks , " said Christopher E. Root , National Grid senior vice president of electricity operations . "  We ask that our customers bear with us and be patient as our crews work in challenging weather conditions to restore service as safely and quickly as possible . " Boston Mayor Thomas M. Menino said the city 's snow emergency and parking ban will be lifted at 9 a.m. Thursday , but public schools will be closed as crews continue clearing roads . He urged citizens to use public transportation . Amtrak said it has suspended rail service between New York and Boston , and between Springfield , Massachusetts , and New Haven , Connecticut , due to severe weather and fallen trees , according to its website . Every state except Florida now has snow on the ground , including Hawaii , according to CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . High winds hampered cleanup efforts across the region , particularly along the New England coast , forecasters predicted . A band of moderate to heavy snow is expected to continue to move north along the coast , with heavy precipitation leaving southern Maine by Wednesday night , officials said . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said he lifted the "  weather emergency " on Wednesday , as salting crews and snow plows finished clearing city streets . The mayor said that 30 vehicles had been towed as a result of the storm . That number is in stark contrast to the thousands of cars , buses and ambulances left stranded last month after cleanup crews struggled to plow streets days after the storm . Bloomberg -- who faced sharp criticism over the slow emergency response -- said New York was better equipped to tackle Wednesday 's storm . More than 1,700 flights were canceled at the New York area 's three major airports , while hundreds more were grounded at Boston 's Logan International Airport , officials said . General manager at LaGuardia Airport Thomas Bosco said many airlines pre-emptively canceled flights ahead of the weather Wednesday to avoid massive delays that plagued airports during last month 's holiday blizzard . Philadelphia declared a snow emergency Tuesday night , while public schools there and in Boston were closed . Non-emergency state employees did not have to report to work Wednesday , according to the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency . But New York City public schools remained open , with field trips canceled , according to the office of the city 's schools chancellor . The city 's public schools have closed six times -- for a total of eight days -- since 1978 , the office said . In the South , normally bustling cities such as Atlanta and Charlotte , North Carolina , grappled with the unusual onslaught of ice and snow this week . AirTran Airways spokesman Christopher White said the airline is in "  full recovery mode " to get traffic back to normal in the coming days at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport . The company canceled more than 90 Wednesday flights , after more than 260 flights were taken off the schedule Tuesday . Both Delta Air Lines and AirTran were offering one-time flight changes with no fees for a limited period . Delta canceled 1,200 flights Wednesday and has canceled 80 for Thursday because of snow in the Northeast . The airline said its Atlanta operations have returned to normal . CNN 's Chad Myers , Jason Kessler , Dave Alsup , Rob Marciano , Tristan Smith , Moni Basu , Holly Yan , Andy Rose , Nick Valencia and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Boston to lift snow emergency Thursday Massachusetts mobilizes 250 National Guardsmen amid blizzard conditions Hundreds of flights are canceled at Boston 's Logan International Airport More than 15,000 households are without power in Massachusetts
Inside a safe room of the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya , Ambassador Chris Stevens took cover with two other foreign service officers . Just minutes earlier , a group of heavily armed militants launched an attack on the complex , pelting it with gunfire and rocket-propelled grenades . The attackers ignited a fire in the building and the safe room was filling with smoke . Six things to know about the attack Stevens , Foreign Service information management officer Sean Smith and a U.S. regional security officer would soon be forced to leave their temporary refuge from the assault . Senior administration officials called the conditions inside "  awful , " describing "  incredibly thick smoke and fire . " The officials , while still trying to piece together the details of how the Tuesday night consulate attack unfolded , began Wednesday to give a clearer picture of events . The violence began around 10 p.m. Tuesday amid a protest by the radical Islamist group Ansar Al-Sharia against a film mocking Islam 's prophet . Four hours later , the consulate was destroyed , its walls blackened by shooting flames . Four Americans , including Stevens and Smith , were dead . Within 15 minutes of the first gunshots , the attackers were able to enter the main compound of the consulate complex and set it ablaze . Stevens , Smith and a regional security officer were the only people inside the building at the time . Photos taken Tuesday night show flames shooting from every orifice of the building as militants wielding weapons walk through the compound . The heavy , black smoke added to the confusion of the situation and the three diplomatic officers became separated as they evacuated the safe room , the administration officials said . Blog : Pentagon reviews attack video Meanwhile , American and Libyan security personnel , forced to fend off an attack on the outside and the raging fire within , were grappling with how to handle the increasingly complicated scene , U.S. officials said . The regional security officer with Stevens and Smith managed to escape the building and returned with others to try to rescue the men . For Smith , the rescue came too late . He had already succumbed to smoke inhalation by the time they arrived . Stevens , in Benghazi on a short trip from the capital Tripoli , was missing , apparently able to make his way out unnoticed in the chaos . About 45 minutes after the first gunshots rang out , security personnel attempted to retake the main compound , but were repelled by heavy gunfire and retreated to an annex in the complex . Libya , West react to killings , film controversy They made a second attempt at 11:20 p.m. -- more than an hour after the attack began -- and successfully regained control of the main building . But the incident was far from over . The gunbattle continued and the attack moved from the main compound to the complex 's annex . "  It was during that time that two additional U.S. personnel were killed and two others were wounded , " one of the senior administration officials said . Finally , around 2:30 a.m. , four and a half hours into the attack , U.S. security personnel , assisted by Libyan forces , took back control of the entire consulate complex . Still unknown at that time , however , was Stevens ' whereabouts . Stevens warned in '08 about extremists near Benghazi Libyans said bystanders had helped carry an unconscious Stevens to a hospital . However , U.S. officials could not confirm that account . "  We are not clear on the circumstances between the time he got separated from the rest of the group inside the burning building to the time we were notified that he was in a Benghazi hospital , " the senior administration official said . "  We were not able to see him until his body was returned to us at the airport . " Also unclear Wednesday was the significance of the timing of the attack , which fell on the 11th anniversary of the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington and coincided with a violent protest at the U.S. Embassy in Cairo , Egypt . State Department officials said the two incidents at the diplomatic missions were not related and said they believe the Benghazi violence was a "  clearly planned attack . " Why Muslims are sensitive on prophet "  It was not an innocent mob , " one senior official said . "  The video or 9/11 made a handy excuse and could be fortuitous from their perspective but this was a clearly planned military-type attack . " U.S. President Barack Obama , however , said it was too early to say whether the attack was pre-planned . As dawn broke Wednesday , the magnitude of the previous night 's events were felt by both Americans and Libyans . Charred debris and ash littered the floor of the burned-out consulate . A small American flag lay amid the rubble . And both the governments of the United States and Libya , on this "  very , very difficult day , " mourned the loss of Stevens , who had helped save Benghazi during last year 's revolution . "  He risked his life to stop a tyrant , then gave his life trying to help build a better Libya , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . Witnessing protests in Libya or Egypt ? Share your photos on CNN iReport .	The attack began after protesters began massing outside the consulate A small group of militants opened fire on the complex and gained entry The militants set fire to the main building with the U.S. ambassador still inside Control was regained more than four hours later
CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden was right to call attention to New York 's LaGuardia Airport . From the dilapidated state of LaGuardia 's Central Terminal Building to the minimal public transport links and outdated air traffic control system , the metro area 's airports are in desperate need of modernization . But now it 's time for Biden and other leaders to put their money where their rhetoric is . The Federal Government and local politicians must step up and take sustained action . And the goal should be to fix the problem , not point fingers . Despite its outdated condition , LaGuardia serves 25 million passengers a year . As the closest airport to Manhattan , it is coveted by airlines . Moreover , New York City 's three major airports serve more than 110 million people a year , account for 500,000 jobs and contribute $ 63 billion to our regional economy , according to a November 2013 study from Global Gateway Alliance and Partnership for New York City . And they are the largest global gateway to the world for international travelers , with U.S. Customs data showing that John F. Kennedy International Airport handles the most international visitors and Newark International Airport the fifth most . As such , the airports serve as a symbol for the entire United States . Airports are responsible for the first and last impressions visitors have , and in New York , some 54 million tourists visited last year . They are fundamentally vital to our economy , tourism industry and our global reputation . As the vice president pointed out , New York 's airports are a symbol of underinvestment in infrastructure throughout the country . When the Beatles landed in New York 50 years ago last week , our airports were a symbol of the modern , efficient and forward-looking transportation infrastructure in the United States . Now , they are the embodiment of our falling behind the rest of the world . Cities all over the world have recognized the significance of their airports and have invested in state-of-the-art technology and infrastructure . Our own Global Gateway Alliance survey showed that airports from Singapore to Paris are providing innovative amenities such as 40 foot slides , ice skating rinks and on airport baby strollers to ensure that passengers have the best possible experience . The same survey showed LaGuardia and New York area airports at the bottom of the list of passenger amenities . The bottom line is we to have to invest in our airports to avoid losing out to national and international competitors and to provide a better quality of life for those millions of passengers . At LaGuardia , here 's how : -- 21st century terminals : LaGuardia 's Central Terminal Building , built in 1964 , is a prime example of an outdated terminal desperately in need of redevelopment , which is why it 's so important for the Port Authority to deliver on the promise of a modern , efficient and innovative terminal . There are also significant space constraints with only two short runways and limited parking , which are challenges that need to be addressed . -- Better passenger amenities : Frequently voted the worst airport in the U.S. by passengers , LaGuardia is definitely not known for its amenities . All of the New York area airports would benefit from providing what are now basic services , such as free Wi-Fi , which would help business travelers , and leave visitors with a better impression of their time in New York . -- Improved transportation links : Public transportation access to all of New York 's airports is behind other world class cities , which have one seat train rides directly from the city center to the airport . Options for getting to LaGuardia via public transportation are very limited , but a Bus Rapid Transit system , with dedicated lanes and just a few stops to the airport , would help remedy that . This service would remove the threat of traffic delays normally associated with buses and provide a convenient and reliable direct ride to the airport . Reviving long dormant plans for a direct subway extension to LaGuardia are also worth exploring . -- Bring NextGen to New York first : LaGuardia , along with JFK and Newark , is the most delayed airport traffic control system in the country . Every day , our airspace contributes to one half to three quarters of all delays around the country . The solution is NextGen , the new satellite-based air traffic control system . Replacing the old 1960s radar technology means fewer delays on the ground and in the air . But the FAA has to step up and make it happen in New York . Right now , the federal government is years behind in developing NextGen , and the FAA wants to roll it out in smaller markets first , despite the tremendous impact the New York airspace has on national delays . It 's past time to stop ignoring our airports and to move them to the front of the priorities line . That 's how LaGuardia will go from Third World to world class . The opinions expressed are solely those of the authors .	Vice President Biden compared LaGuardia Airport to being in a Third World country Authors : U.S. has let its airports fall far behind the curve internationally They say politicians need to make improving LaGuardia and others a priority Authors : LaGuardia needs new terminals , better transportation and more amenities
CNN  -- Two heavyweights dominate the high-capacity commercial aviation industry -- Boeing and Airbus . Now the world 's third-largest manufacturer of commercial aircraft is touting an apparently lighter and quieter plane that it hopes will cut into the giants ' market share for narrow body , medium-range commercial jets . The virgin test flight of the Bombardier CS100 -- from the first new family of commercial passenger jets in decades -- took place at Mirabel Airport , in Quebec , Monday . The 110-seat , single-aisle aircraft  a 135-seat version in the CSeries is also in the works , and a maximum capacity of 149 has been reported  is in the same class as Boeing 's 737 series and Airbus 318 and 319 aircraft . Bombardier is a Canadian multinational company headquartered in Montreal . More : Jet sales boost China 's rivalry with Boeing , Airbus Apart from a minor alert going off midair , the two-and-a-half-hour flight was a success , the Age reports . "  The performance of the CSeries aircraft was very impressive , " said the new jet 's test pilot , Chuck Ellis . "  We could n't have wished for a better maiden flight . " Quiet , lightweight Expected to enter service in 2015 , the Bombardier plane has two advantages over its rivals , its makers says . Made of lightweight composite materials , the CS100 beats Airbus and Boeing for fuel performance , most industry experts reportedly agree . More : U.S. company unveils new , cheap attack jet Bombardier says its CSeries planes will also be quieter than any existing commercial jet . That 's probably not because the company has heard the cries of long-suffering residents near heavily trafficked airports around the world , but because regulation increasingly demands controls on airplane noise . Orders in The CS100 has already won orders from carriers such as Latvia 's AirBaltic , which is buying 10 of the planes . "  You could hardly hear the takeoff , " Martin Gauss , CEO of AirBaltic , said after watching the test flight in Quebec . "  This was one of the reasons we bought it , along with the cost savings from lower fuel burn . " There 's a good reason why new commercial jet series come along so rarely -- the astronomical cost involved in developing them . The CS100 had already cost $ 500 million more than its official estimate of $ 3.5 billion , Bombardier said .	Test flight for Bombardier CS100 takes place in Quebec First new jet family in decades aims to be lighter , quieter than rivals Plane already has more than 150 orders -- but that 's only half the goal Budget has overshot $ 3.4 billion estimate by $ 500 million
CNN  -- Ronaldinho plundered a hat-trick as AC Milan crushed 10-man Siena 4-0 on Sunday to close the gap on Serie A leaders Inter Milan to just six points and with the Milan derby to come next week . Milan also have a game in hand meaning they could potentially draw level with the four-in-a-row champions if they were to win next weekend 's crunch clash . The hosts started in determined mood following Inter 's 2-2 draw at Bari on Saturday and Ronaldinho took an Alessandro Nesta cross on his chest on three minutes before sending a spectacular overhead bicycle kick just off target . But on 10 minutes the referee took the decision that essentially ended the game as a contest . Jardim Brandao dithered on the ball in his own box and Marco Borriello dispossessed him before trying to go round goalkeeper Gianluca Curci . There was minimal contact and Borriello crumpled to the ground but the striker 's last touch had been too heavy and left him no chance of reaching the ball before a back-tracking defender . Even so , the referee pointed to the spot and showed Curci a straight red card . Substitute goalkeeper Gianluca Pegolo 's first task was to pick the ball out of his net . Siena battled on gamely , and on 26 minutes Massimo Maccarone escaped three defenders on the edge of the Milan box to bundle through before firing over on the stretch as Thiago Silva came across to put him under pressure . Two minutes later the lead was doubled as Andrea Pirlo curled a cross into the near post and Borriello hooked a brilliant volley over his shoulder and into the top corner . Ronaldinho proved a constant menace and had two early second half chances , flicking the ball over the bar with the first and being denied by Pegolo with the second . But 18 minutes from time he rose unmarked in the box to head home a David Beckham corner . The Brazilian sealed his first Milan hat-trick with a rocket into the top corner from outside the area a minute from time . Meanwhile , Juventus slumped to their seventh defeat in 10-games with a 1-0 reverse at Chievo that is sure to increase the pressure on under-fire coach Ciro Ferrara . Gennaro Sardo 's stunning first-half strike proved to be the only goal of the game as Juve turned in a performance lacking energy and confidence which comes on the back of a 3-0 hammering at the hands of Milan in their last league outing . Juve dropped to fifth and out of the Champions League places as both Roma and Napoli overtook them . Roma moved up to third as on-loan Bayern Munich striker Luca Toni scored his first goals for the club in a 3-0 win over Genoa . Simone Perrotta opened the scoring on 17 minutes after a scramble at a corner and then Toni turned home Mirko Vucinic 's cross on the stroke of half-time . And , on the hour mark , Vucinic turned provider again for Toni to head home his second . Napoli could not fully capitalize as they were held 0-0 at home by Palermo but still extended their unbeaten league run to 14 matches .	Brazilian Ronaldinho plundered a hat-trick as AC Milan crushed 10-man Siena 4-0 in Serie A The result means Milan close the gap on Serie A leaders and city rivals Inter Milan to just six points Juventus continue to slide down the table after slumping to a 1-0 defeat at Chievo
Editor 's note : Rep. Dave Camp is a Republican from the 4th district of Michigan and is his party 's ranking member on the House Ways and Means Committee . Rep. Dave Camp said Americans pay too much for health care due to waste , lawsuits and fraud . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Americans want , deserve and demand health care reform . Wednesday , I and my Republican colleagues in the House of Representatives are unveiling common sense health care reforms that focus on increasing the affordability , accessibility and availability of quality health care . Our plan will lower costs , make health care more convenient for patients and improve quality at a price our country can afford . Our chief concern is making health care affordable for all Americans . To do so , we believe in reforming before spending . The system now is so complex and unwieldy that billions of dollars are wasted every year . In fact , Americans pay more for their health care per person than anyone else in the world ; twice what the Canadians do and two-and-a-half times what the British spend . It makes no sense . To lower health care costs , we must 1  weed out the rampant overspending in our current system that is driven by the twin forces of trial lawyers and fraudsters , 2  modernize medical regulations that have n't been changed in decades , and 3  make sure the government is helping every American get insurance , not just those who have health insurance through their job . Attacking the unnecessary costs in our current system starts with implementing comprehensive medical liability reform , so when doctors are in exam rooms they are thinking about their patients , not about ordering more tests in case somebody tries to sue later . This will reduce the practice of defensive medicine and save billions of dollars in wasted health care spending . We also must demand greater oversight and fraud prevention in Medicare and Medicaid -- the nation 's health care programs for the seniors , the poor and the disabled . Abuse is so rampant in these programs that the chief counsel to the Health and Human Services Inspector General said , "  building a Medicare fraud scam is far safer than dealing in crack or dealing in stolen cars , and it 's far more lucrative . " Malpractice reform and fraud prevention are a good start , but just a start . We will build on those successes by accelerating the move toward an electronic record system , minimizing the numerous administrative requirements at doctor offices , hospitals and insurance companies . By doing so , we can tackle the mountain of repetitive and unnecessary paperwork that clogs our system , drives up costs and creates headaches for patients and doctors alike . It is also time to allow states , small businesses and other organizations to increase their purchasing power by banding together to offer health insurance at lower cost . A small business in Ohio might not be able to afford health insurance on its own , but when joining with dozens of other small employers in Michigan and Indiana , the pool gets bigger and the price gets lower . Even with these reforms , the cost of health care is still too high for many Americans . The federal government has a patchwork of subsidies for those buying health insurance that is full of inequities . While we are waiting for the cost of our plan to be determined by the Congressional Budget Office , we already know it would be cheaper than other alternatives being discussed . To help address the inequities , our plan gives Americans who purchase insurance on their own a tax deduction , treating them more like those who get insurance through a job or who are self-employed . And we create incentives for all Americans to save now for future and long-term health care needs by improving health savings accounts and flexible spending arrangements and creating new tax benefits to offset the costs of long-term care premiums . Republicans also provide financial assistance through new refundable and advanceable tax credits to those who need it most : low - and modest-income Americans . And , especially in today 's economy where so many workers have been forced to retire early or have been laid off , we recognize that many Americans who have not yet hit retirement age often have an especially hard time finding affordable health insurance . Thus , we offer additional financial help to those ages 55 to 64 . We also recognize that many Americans with pre-existing conditions find insurance is either unaffordable or unavailable . Our plan addresses this by fostering innovative state reinsurance programs and improved high-risk pools , ensuring that high-risk individuals get affordable coverage . These and other measures will ensure every American , regardless of income , regardless of where they choose to live , regardless of pre-existing conditions or past illness , will have access to affordable , quality health care . Republicans stand ready to work with the president and our Democratic colleagues in Congress to improve the affordability , accessibility and availability of health care in this nation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dave Camp .	Rep. Dave Camp : Health care must be made available and affordable He says fraud , lawsuits and waste drive up the cost of health care Camp : Americans pay much more per person than other countries He says tax incentives can help people pay for health care
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A series of deadly bombings claimed more than a dozen lives in Iraq Saturday , according to police and health officials . Seven people were killed and 28 others wounded when three roadside bombs exploded mid-morning in the busy Bab al-Sharji commercial district of central Baghdad , police officials said . Another six men died and 10 others were injured when a roadside bomb hit a minibus carrying young laborers and construction workers in al-Annaz area in eastern Falluja , health and police officials said . The blast occurred at about 5.30 a.m. local time in what is a predominately Sunni area . "  The victims were traveling every day in a minibus from Abu Ghraib to Falluja to work in a number of reconstruction sites , " police officer Ahmed Salman told CNN . Meanwhile , the Iraqi army held a military parade in Falluja , sending hundreds of Iraqi soldiers accompanied by military vehicles through the main streets of the town Saturday morning , police told CNN . The military parade was part of preparations for the Iraqi army to take over full responsibility for security after U.S. troops leave Iraq on December 31 this year . Violence in Iraq has declined from its peak , but attacks around the country continue to cause deaths and injury . On Thursday , 19 people were killed and dozens others were hurt when three explosions hit a commercial district in Basra , an oil-rich , predominantly Shiite city about 500 kilometers  310 miles  south of Baghdad .	Three roadside bombs went off in a commercial district of Baghdad , police said Another bomb hit a minibus carrying laborers in eastern Falluja , officials said Iraq 's army will take over full responsibility for security when U.S. forces leave next month
CNN  -- Skeletal remains found in a hayfield are those of Virginia Tech student Morgan Harrington , a spokeswoman for the Virginia State Police said Wednesday . The remains were identified based on dental records provided by the victim 's family , spokeswoman Corinne Geller said . Morgan Harrington , a 20-year-old education major , went to a Metallica concert at the University of Virginia 's John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville , Virginia , on October 17 . She was separated from her friends and was the subject of repeated searches . "  Investigators are now working to determine how the remains came to be in this particular location , cause and time of death , and identifying who was responsible for the remains being there , " Geller said in a news release . More information is expected after the completion of an autopsy , the spokeswoman added . Police said skeletal remains were found Tuesday morning by a farmer driving a tractor through a hay field on his 700-acre farm . The area has no public access point , police said . The farm is about 10 miles from where the concert was being held . The farm 's owner , David Dass , told CNN affiliate WTVR that he was out looking for damage after wind and rain knocked down several trees in his yard over the past week . He told WTVR that the area is at least a mile and a half from a main roadway . "  I looked down and saw what looked like a human skull , and my first thought was that it was Morgan Harrington , " Dass told WTVR , adding that he immediately called 911 . WTVR : State police ` confident ' remains are Harrington There was significant evidence leading police to believe that the remains are Harrington 's , Virginia State Police Col. W. Steven Flaherty said , though he declined to specify what the evidence was . Police said the area where the remains were found had not been searched during the early stages of the investigation into her disappearance . The girl 's parents , Dan and Gil Harrington , were in town to identify the remains , WTVR reported . Dan Harrington , in tears , told WTVR that "  this is a horrible day " for his family . Gil Harrington expressed concerns Saturday that there was beginning to be complacency in the search , she wrote in a blog on the Web site set up to help find their daughter . On Sunday , more than three months after Morgan went missing , Gil Harrington still clung to hope . "  Despite the length of time Morgan has been gone I remain hopeful , " she wrote . "  Part of me is waiting to be surprised . Waiting for God to pull the rabbit out of the hat and bring Morgan home . "  I remember that the light always returns , it can not help but return . Will the light of my life return soon ? I can not imagine that all the water of Morgan 's potential is to run down the drain and be wasted . Can it really play out like that ? " Now , it appears , the Harringtons finally have their answer . Police say they have now switched their focus to finding out how Morgan Harrington ended up in the remote farm and who put her there . During the concert , Harrington left her friends to use the restroom , police said . When she did not return , they called her cell phone at 8:48 p.m. . She told them she was outside the arena and could not get back in because of its policy , police said , but told them not to worry about her and that she would find a ride home . There are restrooms inside the arena , police said , and police do not know how or why Harrington got outside . Witnesses who saw her outside the arena said she did not appear to be with anyone , police said . About 9:30 p.m. that night , witnesses reported seeing a person matching Harrington 's description walking on a nearby bridge , police said . No further sightings were reported . Harrington 's purse , with her identification and cell phone inside , was found the following day in an overflow parking lot near the arena , police said . A friend had driven Harrington 's car to the concert , she said , and was still in possession of the car keys when they got separated . Harrington was reported missing the day after the concert , when she did not show up at her parents ' home to study for a math exam with her father . Working with police and the Texas-based Laura Recovery Center , the Harringtons organized community searches , saying they would not give up hope that their daughter would be found . A $ 150,000 reward has been offered for information leading to Harrington 's whereabouts , police said . Of that , Metallica contributed $ 50,000 . The couple was joined at a news conference after her disappearance by Ed Smart , whose daughter Elizabeth was abducted in 2002 . She returned home nine months later , after police say they found her in the custody of Brian David Mitchell and his wife , Wanda Barzee . Harrington said he reached out to Smart last week to seek advice on how to go through the disappearance of a child . Harrington was wearing a black Pantera T-shirt , a black miniskirt , black tights and black boots when last seen .	NEW : Dental records confirm remains are Morgan Harrington , police say Skeletal remains found Monday morning in hay frield on 700-acre farm Student was separated from friends at Metallica concert on October 17 Harrington 's purse , cell phone found next day in overflow parking lot near arena
CNN  -- My mom was always sports mad -- my dad not so much . But both my parents understood the importance of significant events , so when opportunity knocked , my parents opened up all doors for me . I grew up knowing full well that my country was n't allowed to participate in international sports following the sporting boycott of 1977 which had been placed on South Africa in a protest against apartheid -- a system of racial segregation enforced by the ruling white minority . So when the South African rugby team toured New Zealand in 1981 , my parents made sure that I was awoken at 04:30 to watch all three Test matches . I got to snuggle between my parents -- and a first -- they put the television in their bedroom . It was the "  flour bomb " Test -- where a light aircraft flew over Auckland 's Eden Park before and during the match , dropping flour bombs , smoke bombs and anti-apartheid leaflets -- where I began to realize that other countries did n't like us . I did n't understand why at the time , and it hurt a little . Later that day , I 'll never forget my parents telling me that it could be a long time before I witnessed something like this again . I was six at the time . They were right ; I would next see these two teams play as a 17-year-old . First trip My first trip to Cape Town 's Newlands Cricket Ground was to watch Western Province play a domestic match . It must have been my mom 's first trip too , because I distinctly remember entering the ground and ending up sitting on the grass embankment , which was reserved for colored people . Confused , we sat down . A kind couple offered us some fruit , so we stayed . I was blissfully unaware of how significant this possibly was . We returned a couple of years later to watch my first "  Test " match : South Africa vs. the West Indies . This time we were seated in the correct place , in the Oaks Enclosure , which ironically these days is a grass embankment . I remember the hype and the excitement about this special day . I had seen the Windies in their warmup game against Western Province and I knew that they were something special . They had vicious fast bowlers and flamboyant batsmen . We got there early , along with thousands of others , just to watch the warmups . The excitement was tangible . I do n't remember much about the games -- I remember more about the players . They were heroes to us . Perhaps there was some curiosity too , something about the islanders from far , far away on our shores . We used to follow them around the boundaries of the ground , hunting their prized autographs . And their accents -- just too cool . Did n't see color I know I did n't see the color . I do n't think most kids did -- they were just cricketers . At the end of play we would run on the field to try to touch them and grab one more autograph . Somewhere there is footage of me congratulating Sylvester Clarke by patting his back . I remember telling all my friends that I had touched the great bowler . While I had forgotten about it , listening to Franklyn Stephenson speak reminded me of the time we were trying to get him to drink from some kid 's Coke . He obliged and we all simply went crazy . I realize the significance of that event now . Imagine a black guy drinking from the same can ? Perhaps our parents would have flipped out , but this was n't about color to us . Other memories include how obliging and friendly they were . Happy to give autographs and happy to interact positively with the huge crowds . Branded a rebel It was with incredible interest and fascination that I watched "  Branded a rebel " -- a CNN World Sport documentary which first screened last year . It gave me greater insight into the players , the tour , West Indies cricket and indeed my home country . And while "  Branded a rebel " is an appropriate title for the program , it could have just as easily been titled "  Branded Heroes . " That 's what they were to us white South Africans , and I think deep down the Windies players felt that too . It 's all about what side of the line you were sitting , I guess . On their return home , the West Indian players were shunned by society and some were forced to move abroad to make a living . The poverty and other such ills which befell some of their players really tugged at all of my emotions . I started thinking what we as South Africans could have done for them . Could we have done more ? Did we look after them well enough after the fact ? It 's a difficult one . These men did n't deserve it , no matter what choices they made . Society can be cruel . Strangled by hatred It eats me up to think what those players endured upon their return . They were strangled by such hatred in their home countries , and yet I wish they somehow knew what they had done for young cricket fans like me . I got to see "  real " international cricket played at the "  highest " level . I got to meet new cricketing greats . I got to bowl like Clarke , Collis King and Colin Croft . I got to emulate David Murray 's great wicketkeeping skills on Clifton beach , field like Alvin Kallicharan and admire the patience and masterful batting of the great Lawrence Rowe . And something else -- they taught us not to take ourselves too seriously by showing how much one can enjoy themselves on the sports field . Their smiles , I 'll never forget their smiles . Each of their names is entrenched in my memory , and of all of those who saw the matches . They became part of my upbringing and that of thousands of South African fans . What I did n't understand at the time , was what it took for those men to actually land on our shores  money aside  . They must have been scared -- really scared . I know I would have been . In the interview with Clive Lloyd , longtime captain of the official West Indies team that dominated world cricket for two decades , he said no amount of money would have made him support a racist regime . I would go as far as to say no amount of money would have put my fears at ease to travel to South Africa . Courage It 's not for me to judge , but those men were courageous . In their cricket and in their collective decisions , and I respect that . A few years later , I did wonder how the black West Indian players got to travel using "  white " transport and stay in "  white " areas . I remember asking my mom how that worked . She did n't know , but you could see that my political curiosity was growing . I was disappointed that more players did n't take up the opportunity of being interviewed for the documentary . I was intrigued by Stephenson , King and Murray 's thoughts , motives and reflective answers . There seemed no real regret , which was fascinating and pleasing for some reason . As for those who declined an interview , their wounds obviously cut deep . Stephenson was just how I remember him . Boisterous , bubbly and always looking on the bright side of life . We got to know him well here , as he returned to play for the Orange Free State . The fact that he still has all his memorabilia means that the tour meant something to him , and that he feels part of change and change of attitudes in South Africa . I do n't know if they changed us as a society but I 'd like to thing so , even if it was an indescribably fractured and dysfunctional society . And by this I mean that white South Africa packed out every cricket ground to watch black West Indies , went home and made sure that "  The Cosby Show " was the most watched program on television -- and yet black people were pretty much denied and excluded from everything . Heart bleeds "  Branded a rebel " showed balanced reporting . I like the fact that you saw the tour from a South African perspective as well . Great players like Graeme Pollock , Barry Richards and Clive Rice also effectively served life bans for being , well , South African , and the program understood that . I know that , fundamentally , the tour was morally corrupt , but for an innocent nine-year-old devoid of political allegiances and beliefs , it was simply a chance to see the world 's best cricketers entertaining us on the world 's most beautiful stage . Ultimately , I 'd also like to believe that South African cricketers and administrators were trying to show the government the way forward , and that unity through sport was possible .	Sporting ban to campaign against apartheid in South Africa introduced in 1977 "  Rebel tours " were highly controversial , unofficial , international matches Team of West Indian cricket players visited South Africa in 1983 They were shunned by society on their return home to the Caribbean
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Hundreds of anti-government protesters marched toward a presidential palace in Yemen on Sunday , calling for regime change in the Middle Eastern country . Some of them chanted , "  First Mubarak , now Ali , " referring to Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh and Hosni Mubarak , who recently resigned as president of Egypt after nearly 30 years in power . Security forces put up a barbed wire barricade and blocked the protesters ' path about two miles from the palace . At that point , the situation intensified as protesters turned away and attempted to reach the palace through side streets . Clashes between protesters and police were reported by witnesses . According to Tawakkol Karman , a prominent Yemeni rights activist and president of Women Journalists Without Chains , anti-riot police then "  went into the crowd of protesters with batons and tasers , " attempting to disperse them . Karman said she and other protesters were hit with sticks and that at least 12 people were arrested . One of those arrested , human rights lawyer Khaled Al-Anesi , has since been released . The CNN crew at the scene was surrounded by security officers , who seized the journalists ' videotapes . Nearby , a group of about 40 pro-government demonstrators chanted , "  With our souls , with our blood , we will sacrifice for Ali . " The anti-government group first gathered at the gates of Sanaa University earlier Sunday , where another group of pro-government demonstrators carried pictures of Ali . Police tried to disperse the crowds and stepped in to prevent pro-government demonstrators from following when the anti-government group headed away from the university and toward the palace . The group of anti-government protesters included students and rights activists . Their numbers swelled from about 400 to more than 1,000 as they marched through Sanaa 's streets . The anti-government protests were significant because earlier in the day , Yemen 's Embassy in Washington confirmed that the opposition coalition had announced its intention to hold a national dialogue with the administration . The government welcomed the opposition 's willingness to initiate a dialogue -- though the protesters indicated otherwise . Meanwhile , the state-run news agency Saba reported that Saleh had decided to delay a visit tot he United States that was to take place in late February . Saleh has ruled Yemen for 32 years and has pledged not to stand for re-election when his current term -- which started in 2006 -- ends in 2013 . Mubarak 's lengthy rule ended Friday when he stepped down after 18 days of anti-government protests rocked Egypt . Echoes of Egypt 's revolution resonated across the region , with anti-government protests in Yemen and Algeria . Demonstrations are also planned in Libya and Iran on Monday . Brief clashes erupted Saturday in Yemen between hundreds of pro- and anti-government demonstrators who staged rival rallies in the capital . The clashes , which left a small number of people injured , followed an anti-government protest Friday night in which men armed with knives attacked more than a thousand demonstrators , according to human rights groups .	Clashes reported between protesters and police President delays visit to the United States Government forces set up a barbed wire barricade to block protesters Echoes of Egypt 's revolution have resonated across the region
CNN  -- What was a 60-year-old American with a heart condition doing in the midst of the months-long protests in Bangladesh ? To understand the answer , you have to go back a few years in Ruhel Ahmed 's life . At 18 , he was a student-turned-guerilla freedom fighter wounded in action in the 1971 independence war -- a war that started 42 years ago to the week . Earlier this year , he returned to the homeland where he fought , weaker , but still strong at heart , and inspired by what he has seen . This demonstration is personal for the solar technician from Austin , Texas . "  There 's an unfinished job of trying the war criminals , " said Ahmed , who was in Dhaka on business when the demonstrations started in February . He joined as quickly as he could , camera in hand , documenting his experiences along the way for six weeks . "  I was here for 20 years in America . Now that my family is settled and my kids have grown up , my lifelong dream has been to go back to Bangladesh and see that justice is done . The time has come now , " he said . The Shahbag protests , named after a Dhaka neighborhood , center on that brutal nine-month war in which Ahmed and other Bangladeshis fought for independence from Pakistan . When one of the top officials in the opposition Jamaat-e-Islami party , Abdul Quader Mollah , was sentenced to life in prison for war crimes on February 5 , protesters demanded a death sentence .  Since then , violence has escalated as other war criminals received death sentences , and Jamaat supporters launched counterprotests . Photos : Shahbag takes over Dhaka intersection During Ahmed 's time in Bangladesh , he would spend about six hours a day among the protesters , as they shared their stories about why they were there . He encountered many among the hundreds of thousands in the crowd who shared the protests with the world via social media , all the while knowing they could be in danger . Ahmed himself said he is willing to die for the cause . Dozens have been killed in incidents related to the protests since February . "  One of the bloggers I met spent the day talking to me . The next day he was chopped in pieces . " Bangladesh on the brink ? On March 8 , Ahmed was documenting the protest with his camera when chaos erupted . Three Molotov cocktails were tossed from a five-story building , allegedly by supporters of Jamaat . "  Everybody panicked , " he said . "  One of the speakers at the demonstration said , ` Our parents were not afraid in 1971 ; we wo n't be afraid now , ' " according to Ahmed . "  Within 30 seconds , everyone sat down and started chanting slogans . " Of course , scenes of large protests have become more common in recent years , with varying results . When he sees how other protests like those in Egypt 's Tahrir Square turned out , he is concerned with how that country still lacks stability , but he says this demonstration is different . "  We are taking Gandhi 's approach , we are nonviolent . This is unprecedented . You see kids , mothers , old people who can not walk , " he said . Bangladeshi freedom fighter explains why he 's protesting Though he has personal reasons to see "  justice " and the war criminals punished , many of the protesters he encountered were n't even born in 1971 . However , they were familiar with the war through school , and many had fathers , grandfathers or uncles who fought . "  The new generation -- the Facebook generation -- is totally determined , " he said . He even suggested renaming the site of the protests "  Facebook Square . " "  They 're not going to leave until justice is done . I ask them , ` How long ? ' They say ` As long as it takes . ' They want the extreme jihadist party  Jamaat-e-Islami  banned ; they want the country to be a secular country . I hope I survive that long to see it is done . " Ahmed recently returned to the United States because of his health . He is going to have a heart procedure done this week . Then he is ready to return for as long as four months to join the continuing protest . Though his return to Bangladesh has been short , his life is forever changed . He has been touched by so many things he saw : from balloons filled with written messages for those who died in the war , to a candlelit vigil , where his camera panned the crowd , showing the "  hopeful , determined " faces of the demonstrators . "  I 'm dying to go back , believe me . "	What was an American doing in the midst of an intense protest in Bangladesh ? Ruhel Ahmed is a veteran of the 1971 war at the heart of Bangladesh demonstrations He has been in the U.S. for a few weeks , but plans to return soon for several months
For years now , companies have been combing through Twitter postings , trying to glean any information that may help them improve their products and services . But with more than 250 million tweets sent every day , it would take an enormous staff to analyze the data . That task gave rise to hundreds of social media-monitoring companies , but they were still limited to the tweets that could be accessed by individual users . Twitter , however , has decided to make it easier for these companies to mine billions of messages for valuable marketing data . The company will open its archives and sell its old tweets . One of Twitter 's new customers , DataSift , has formed an alliance with the social network to get access to tweets going back to January 2010 . "  Twitter has really become an incredibly valuable information source , " said Rob Bailey , DataSift 's CEO . "  There are a flood of companies wanting to get more use from it . " Starting next month , DataSift will launch a cloud-based service that will allow other companies to analyze these two-plus years of tweets to learn more about their customers . According to its website , DataSift promises customers will be able to "  unlock trends from public tweets " and "  access the full Twitter firehose . " Users will pay DataSift for only the data it retrieves . DataSift will then share part of the revenue with Twitter . The company emphasizes it wo n't have access to deleted tweets or users ' direct messages . Twitter also has partnered with Gnip , a Colorado-based online data-mining company , to license its historical tweets . Because Twitter is a public forum , privacy watchdogs may face difficulties raising objections . "  We welcome the privacy debate , " said Bailey , who is based in San Francisco . Twitter so far is not commenting publicly about its new partnership .	Twitter will open its archives and sell old tweets to marketers who want to analyze the data One customer will get access to tweets going back to January 2010 Since Twitter is a public forum , privacy watchdogs may face difficulties raising objections
CNN  -- Clive Owen is n't the leading man actor normally described as dashing and ruggedly handsome when he enters the room . Sure , the movie star charm and warmth is there , but when Owen sits down with a group of reporters , it 's as a father who knows terror . After being introduced to American audiences in 2000 with "  Croupier , " Owen has carved out a career in films portraying an intense , if disheveled , man of thought and action in "  Children of Men , " "  Closer " and "  Inside Man . " He 's also shown the ability to be a little less thoughtful with fun , ultraviolent flicks "  Shoot 'Em Up " and "  Sin City . " In the new psychologically driven horror-thriller "  Intruders , " which opened March 30 , Owen plays John Farrow , father to a 13-year-old daughter terrorized by the tormenting being "  Hollow Face , " who wishes to possess her and might be connected to a family secret . Meanwhile , in another country , a young boy is experiencing the same phenomenon . As the children 's stories begin to take shape and come together , the Hollow Face mystery is unraveled , as is Farrow 's family unit . Along with the online sexual predator film "  Trust " -- and to some degree the single-parent drama "  The Boys Are Back " -- "  Intruders " seems to mark a new chapter of Owen 's career playing fathers who often feel powerless . Owen sat down with CNN to discuss his portrayal as a father and his own real-life experience as one . He also talks about what terrified him as a child and as an adult , and the power of secrets in families . CNN : Why do audiences respond to seeing children terrified ? Clive Owen : Because we remember being terrified , probably . ... Bad dreams and nightmares , when you 're very young , are very intense experiences . I remember it , and I 've seen it in my own children . I think , over time , you learn to process it , and you wake up very quickly and can figure out what 's real and what is n't real . But for a child , it can really throw you off center . CNN : How important do you think family secrets are ? Owen : I think that we all have them . I think that 's the truth . I think that this is a very personal film to Juan Carlos and happened to him when he was young and related to secrets that his family had and that 's why he wanted to explore them in this film . CNN : Do you think it 's important to keep them or is it detrimental ? Owen : I think you have to take each one at a time . I think sometimes it is maybe better to get things out in the open . CNN : What scared you as a kid ? What scares you now ? Owen : I was n't that sort of a fearful kid , really . I remember having nightmares , but I never had recurring nightmares or got scared at night . I was n't that kind of child . When people say to me , what scares me now , it 's without doubt , the sort of welfare and well-being of my children , really . I think that 's the one thing that you kind of do n't have much control over -- just fearful that they 're going to be OK and they 're going to be alright . CNN : As opposed to roles where your body has taken a beating , does this kind of psychological role beat up your mind at all when the threat is from within ? Owen : That 's a good question because it 's harder work than you think . You 've got to take the audience to quite an intense place and sometimes doing that is as hard as doing a page of dialogue . Because if you fall short , the thing does n't work . You have to get to get to a level of intensity . That 's why I thought Ella -LSB- Ella Purnell , who plays Owen 's daughter Mia in "  Intruders " -RSB- was so good in the movie -- because she , in some ways , really holds that together . It 's her emotional terror that we 're kind of gripped by as the film goes on . CNN : Can you talk a little bit about how your character growing up has unresolved issues with his mother that affected his parenting skills when he became an adult ? Owen : I think there 's absolutely no question the central theme is that passing on fears to your children is a very real and truthful thing . ... I 've got a friend ... and the mother is scared of dogs , and the kids are now terrified of dogs . ... That 's a very simplistic version , but I think that kids are very sensitive and alive to what 's going on within people and specifically , their parents . CNN : Have you passed on any fears to your kids ? Owen : Only good things ! CNN : When you 're dealing with a child actor like Ella in these very intense scenes , do you ever have to step aside with her and just check in on her to see if she 's OK ? Owen : I think you have to do that before you even start working . I 've done about three films in the last few years that have very strong relationships with children and playing a parent , basically . It 's usually important that they feel safe before you begin , especially if you want to push it into areas that are uncomfortable , which is an interesting and good thing to do . But the child needs to feel safe and that everything 's OK . ... I actually really love working with young actors because I think they are so responsive and instinctive . And it 's much less honed a craft they 're employing , but it 's very real and reactive . CNN : Are you going to veer off from thrillers ? Are you going to do more comedy now ? Owen : No . I am filming a comedy , which is very exciting actually . It 's the first one that I 'll do really . I really like it . It really makes me laugh . So , I 'm excited about that but that 's not for a while , yet . I think I just instinctively respond to material and , at the end of the day , you look at it , and that kind of shapes a career . There 's no question that "  Trust , " "  The Boys Are Back , " and this film are obviously are related because I 'm a parent . I 'm a parent of two girls . There are things within that that I thought , ` this is really interesting to explore ' ... to do it in a very truthful way is something very exciting to discover . CNN : You 've said you 're a huge fan of "  The Exorcist . " So why do you love it so much ? Owen : I think it 's a really well-directed movie . Not just a horror movie , but a movie . I just thought it was extremely well-acted , and it still holds up today . It 's disturbing . My 12-year-old daughter has heard about it and says , ` Dad , I want to watch "  The Exorcist " . ' Sweetheart , you 're not watching that for 10 years . Do n't even think about it . I had it in the house and got rid of it because I 'm paranoid that she was going to think , ` I 'll just have a little look , ' and get traumatized for the next four years .	Clive Owen has carved out a career portraying an intense man of thought and action He has starred in "  Children of Men , " "  Closer " and "  Inside Man " He plays John Farrow in the upcoming psychologically driven horror-thriller "  Intruders " Owen says it 's important to build up trust with a child actor
CNN  -- The pregnant coach of the Seton Hill University women 's lacrosse team was among two people killed Saturday when the bus they were on veered off the highway and crashed into a tree in southern Pennsylvania , authorities said . Kristina Quigley , 30 , who was six months pregnant with a boy , died from injuries at Penn State Hershey Medical Center , according to the Cumberland County Department of Public Safety . "  Her unborn child did not survive , " the county agency said . The 61-year-old bus driver , Anthony Guaetta , was pronounced dead at the scene . The bus was carrying 23 people , who were players or associated with team , when it crashed , authorities said . Three individuals -- a figure that does not include the driver , but likely includes Quigley -- were transported to Penn State Hershey Medical Center with serious injuries , the university said in a statement . Others received treatment for minor injuries , with eight going to Carlisle Regional Medical Center , seven to Harrisburg Hospital and four to Holy Spirit Hospital in Camp Hill . According to her bio on the school 's website , Quigley was in her second season as head women 's lacrosse coach at Seton Hill , a Catholic university outside Pittsburgh founded by the Sisters of Charity in 1885 . A Baltimore , Maryland , native and graduate of Duquesne University , she came to Pennsylvania after starting a Division II program at Erskine College in Due West , South Carolina . Quigley leaves behind a husband and a young son , Seton Hill said in a statement . A memorial Mass will be held in memory of her and the bus driver , and in support of all those injured , at 7 p.m. Sunday on the Pennsylvania campus . The chartered bus was heading from Greensburg to Millersville , where the Griffins were set to take on an opponent from Millersville University in a Division II matchup slated to start at 1 p.m. . It was traveling eastbound on the Pennsylvania Turnpike when it veered off the road near Carlise , struck a guard rail , traveled 70 yards through grass and then struck a tree , said Trooper Rob Hicks , a spokesman for state police . Rain and snow were falling when the accident occurred shortly before 9 a.m. , but state police do n't know yet whether the weather played a role , said Megan Silverstrim , a spokeswoman with the Cumberland County Department of Public Safety . The bus was owned and operated by Pennsylvania-based Mlaker Transportation , which issued a statement Saturday saying it "  is cooperating fully with police , officials from Seton Hill University and others to assist the student-athletes , coaches and others on the motorcoach . " The company said its been in operation for more than 40 years and "  places the safe transportation of all our passengers at the highest level . " The accident was still under investigation Saturday afternoon , a state police spokesman said . The National Safety Transportation Board is gathering information but has yet to decide whether it will investigate , said spokesman Keith Holloway . In an unrelated incident last month , a bus carrying the University of Maine women 's basketball team crashed on a highway near Boston , but no one was killed , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . The bus crossed the median and traveled into the woods next to the highway , authorities told WCVB . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Rain and snow were falling , though it 's not known if that led to crash , an official says A bus veered off the road Saturday morning in southern Pennsylvania Kristina Quigley , women 's lacrosse coach , dies at a hospital , the county says 61-year-old bus driver dies at the scene , authorities say
They were TV stars , in a sense , having appeared on the National Geographic Channel 's reality show , "  Alaska State Troopers . " But more than that , Patrick "  Scott " Johnson and Gabriel "  Gabe " Rich were family men and men of the law . Neither got the happy Hollywood ending they deserved , instead dying in a confrontation in a sparse , remote sliver of Alaska . The troopers ' bodies were recovered from Tanana , a village 130 miles west of Fairbanks , on Friday , a day after they were reported killed , the Alaska Department of Public Safety said . Two men have been taken into custody since the incident near the Yukon River in the state 's interior . One of them -- 19-year-old Nathanial Lee Kangas of Tanana -- is under arrest in both deaths , the state public safety department said , adding that formal murder charges are being prepared . The other is Arvin Morse Kangas , 58 , accused of fourth-degree assault and driving with a revoked license in a separate incident . Neither could be immediately reached for comment . In a post Friday on their Facebook page , the Alaska State Troopers said they are "  reeling from the loss " of their slain colleagues , both of whom worked out of the agency 's Fairbanks rural service unit . Born in Fairbanks , Johnson worked three years for the North Slope Borough Police before becoming an Alaska State Trooper in 1993 . Here , he held several roles including trooper , field training officer , canine officer , narcotics team supervisor and rural unit sergeant . It 's in the latter job that the 45-year-old died , leaving behind a wife and three daughters , according to the Alaska State Troopers . Rich moved to Fairbanks shortly after being born in Pennsylvania , then went on to work for the North Pole Police and , starting in 2011 , with the Alaska State Troopers . The 26-year-old is survived by his fiancee and two sons . Commenters on the police Facebook page offered personal remembrances of the two men , commending them as being good at their jobs and good people , generally . "  Bless these two brave troopers , " one woman wrote . "  RIP . " Both gained a degree of widespread recognition thanks to their appearance on the National Geographic Channel 's "  Alaska State Troopers , " a reality show that the network says follows "  one of the toughest law enforcement agencies in the nation . " Rich appeared in six episodes of "  Alaska State Troopers " in 2012 and 2013 , according to IMDb.com . Johnson was in four episodes from 2011 to 2013 , according to the site . The troopers were not with a film crew when they died and are not slated for any future episodes , said National Geographic Channel spokesman Chris Albert said . The channel has pulled repeats of episodes featuring the slain troopers , he said . "  We have a long and proud association with the troopers , and consider them a member of our extended channel family , " Albert said in a statement . "  We send our deepest condolences to their families and the entire Alaska State Trooper force . " Newspaper : Troopers shot after botched sale of couch CNN affiliate KTVF reported that the officers had headed to the village to follow up on a report from the previous night of someone brandishing a gun . The Alaska Dispatch website reported that the troopers were shot after an unarmed village public safety officer called for backup after an altercation involving the botched sale of a $ 150 couch . The news site said two people had been arrested , one after a lengthy standoff with heavily armed police . Video from CNN affiliate KTUU showed heavily armed authorities -- some of them wearing camouflage -- walking along a dirt road in Tanana , as well as one man being led away in handcuffs . Gov. Sean Parnell mourned the loss of the two officers . "  These fallen heroes answered the call to serve and protect , and made the ultimate sacrifice , while keeping our communities safe , " the governor said in a statement . "  May God and the loving support of grateful Alaskans bring comfort to the families of these courageous men . " According the the U.S. Census Bureau , 254 people live in Tanana . The village is located near the confluence of the Tanana and Yukon rivers in Alaska 's vast rural interior . No roads lead into the village , which is accessible only by air . Images of the village published online show a town of log-cabin buildings and ramshackle structures along the banks of the Yukon River . The village boomed in the late 1800s and early 1900s with the discovery of gold in the region .	"  Bless these two brave troopers , " a woman writes of the two officers Sgt. Johnson , Trooper Rich die in Tanana , a small , isolated village Two men are in custody , including a 19-year-old facing murder charges The 2 slain Alaska troopers had appeared on a National Geographic show
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Billionaire oil man T. Boone Pickens is shelving plans to build the world 's largest wind farm . T. Boone Pickens says the capital markets will not support his plans to build the world 's largest wind farm . The chairman of BP Capital Management announced Tuesday that his plans for the Pampa Wind Project , designed to generate 4,000 megawatts of electricity using thousands of wind turbines , is on hold . "  I had hoped that Pampa would be the starting point , but transmission issues and the problem with the capital markets make that unfeasible at this point , " Pickens told CNN 's Ali Velshi . "  I expect to continue development of the Pampa project , but not at the pace that I originally expected . " The Pickens Plan was an attempt to wean the United States off foreign oil and switch to wind and natural gas . The project was to be set in four Texas Panhandle counties . Pickens said he faced hurdles in routing the power from Texas to a distribution system . His plans were also stymied by a plunge in natural gas prices and a tightening credit market . "  The capital markets have dealt us all a setback , and I 'm less aggressive with the Panhandle project than I have been , " Pickens said . Watch Pickens respond to criticism that the U.S. ca n't shake it 's oil addiction " He said he was still committed to 667 wind turbines that he has already ordered and would find homes for them . The Texas billionaire pushed The Pickens Plan in television commercials and lobbying efforts that started last summer . Pickens had hoped to complete his $ 12 billion plan in 2014 and provide enough electricity to power 1.3 million homes . Renewable energy is the source of only a small portion of electricity used today , but in 2008 , the United States became the world 's leading provider of wind power . Pickens , 81 , made his fortune in oil production and trading and is listed in Forbes magazine as the 117th richest person in the United States with a net worth of about $ 3 billion in 2007 .	T. Boone Pickens shelves plans for building world 's largest wind farm Pampa Wind Project in Texas Panhandle was to have powered 1.3 million homes Pickens says transmission issues , capital markets make project unfeasible In 2008 , United States became world 's leading provider of wind power
CNN  -- A high-pressure system over the Northwest United States is giving new meaning to the term Baked Alaska . But relief is coming , according to meteorologists . The National Weather Service reported that several record-high temperatures were recorded across the south-central part of the state this week . Tuesday saw record highs for that date -- 81 in Anchorage , the state 's largest city , and 70 in Seward , situated on the Gulf of Alaska about 75 miles south of Anchorage . The city of Homer saw a record-tying 74 degrees Tuesday . The normal temperature for Anchorage this time of year is about 63 degrees . North of Anchorage , Talkeetna and Palmer each saw record-tying temperatures for the date -- of 89 and 78 , respectively . Monday was even toastier , with Talkeetna recording a temperature of 96 degrees , shattering the record of 91 that had stood since 1969 . Monday 's temperature in Seward was 88 , also a record . Cordova and Valdez , both along the southern coast , saw a record-breaking 90 degrees Monday . "  An expansive ridge of high pressure over Southern Alaska is continuing the string of unusually hot days , " the weather service said in a public advisory Monday . The NWS further forecast that temperatures would begin cooling Tuesday , and "  the cooling trend will continue on Wednesday . " The highest-ever temperature in the state came almost a century ago , when Fort Yukon recorded 100 degrees on June 27 , 1915 . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Dave Hennen contributed to this report .	Meteorologists say cooling trend will continue on Wednesday after record highs New temperature records set in Anchorage , Seward on Tuesday Talkeetna recorded a Monday temp of 96 degrees , shattering the 1969 record
CNN  -- Long established as the premier portal for sound , your ears are facing increased competition from emerging techniques for transmission through your skeleton . Bone conduction has rapidly become a critical asset for treatment of hearing loss . While a new generation of cochlear implants has had spectacular success in recent years , they rely on air conduction and the patient possessing a functional pathway from outer to inner ear . For patients with severely damaged pathways , such implants offer no solution . Baha  bone anchored hearing aids  units work by passing sound from a microphone to a magnet or implant beneath a patient 's skin , which is converted into vibrations in the skull and eventually arrives at the inner ear . This process extends the miracle of restored hearing to victims of such conditions as microtia or atresia , where the ear or canal is closed or deformed . "  It 's the natural spectrum of sound compared with traditional hearing " , says Brian Walshe , spokesperson of hearing treatment company Cochlear . "  Even with amplification it 's the same , there 's no distortion . " The company recently launched a wireless Baha set , an indication of the technology 's progress and growing popularity . Implants have become smaller and less invasive , while cosmetics have improved so that the system can be worn without advertising it . Bone conduction is not a new discovery . Ludwig Van Beethoven overcame deafness by biting a metal rod attached to his piano to hear his work . Neither do they need to be compensation for disability - such systems have been used by military in environments that require awareness as well as audio instructions . A member of the SEAL team which killed Osama Bin Laden wrote in his autobiography that bone conduction communication was critical to co-ordinating the raid . The innovation is beginning to seep into consumer electronics . In the early 2000s , headphone sets appeared that played music via the user 's bones , but the systems were hamstrung by high cost and low quality , with common complaints about muffled and distorted sound . The makers of Aftershokz believe they have solved those problems with a unit that retails for $ 79 . "  The difficulty for bone conduction has been transmitting vibrations through bone with enough power for music , you need to be on the 20 - 20,000 Hz frequency range , " says CEO Bruce Borenstein . "  We have been able to power dual transducers with enough vibration to make the sound musical , which has been our big breakthrough . " The bone conduction system offers key safety advantages over traditional earphones , by leaving the user 's ears free so that they are not distracted from their environment . It is even possible to drive wearing them , as they comply with the legal requirement to be able to hear on the road . The Audiology Foundation of America have also supported the concept , stating that it causes less damage to the ears than ear buds . A flood of competitors are entering the market and innovation is not limited to headphones . Google Glass are using bone conduction rather than ear buds for their speaker system , although there have been teething problems . Multiple patents are emerging for underwater and deep sea communication systems , and the technology has become cheap and accessible enough to be viable for novelty items such as talking pillows . The field has even expanded to offer audio communications through diverse body parts including the teeth and eyes . "  In theory you can hear from anywhere " , says Dr. Sunil Puria , ear biomechanics expert at Stanford University . "  Although practically there would be disruption by having to pass through soft tissue depending on the point of contact . " The technology has offered a new dimension to advertisers , with BBDO trialling a system on German trains that plays targeted messages to commuters as they lean against the window . The company claim a positive public reaction , and promise the concept will deliver social benefits through delivering announcements and emergency warnings . But the scheme has been controversial , with civil liberty activists arguing it is invasive and delivers content without consent . Dr. Puria foresees another ethical concern . "  As it vibrates your skull to generate sound , others around you can also potentially hear a message sent to you , so there will be privacy issues . That 's a problem that needs to be solved . " But he believes the major technological hurdles have been overcome . "  There has been tremendous progress , from miniaturization , to wearable and wireless , so that we have reached the holy grail of not requiring earphones . " From medicine to entertainment , from reef diving to sleeping in our beds , we may have to get used to a whole new set of voices in our head . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Stealing from nature : Incredible new tech inspired by biology Forget wearable tech , embeddable implants are already here This ` Star Trek ' - style molecular sensor fits in your hand , reads your food	Bone conduction technology is helping some people with hearing loss to hear again But it could soon improve the lives of people with healthy hearing too Google Glass uses it to communicate with users without blocking the ear Talking pillows , safer headphones , and underwater music are all in the pipeline
CNN  -- Private pools , flat-screen TVs , mega liquor bottles . Been there , seen it , drunk that . Hotel amenities these days are as much a ploy to get you to gush about them to your friends back home as they are to make your stay comfortable . This list of over-the-top hotel amenities is worth bringing up because each is a rare one-off , not available in all sizes . 1 . Choice of 20 Fender guitars Who needs an in-room iPod , when one of 20 Fender guitars is available for free at Chicago 's Hard Rock Hotel ? Although guests do have to put down a credit card  in case they start to channel Pete Townshend 's guitar-smashing antics  , they can keep their chosen ax bedside until such time as they either take their band on the road or check out . Choices range from a $ 1,600 Stratocaster to classic Telecasters and bass guitars . Also available are floor amps and Nixon headphones that will vprevent renditions of "  Freebird " from rocking out other guests . Those that do n't know a "  G " chord from a "  C , " can tune into a streamed 70-minute lesson from guitar instructor Rico Monaco . The hotel now offers a similar program for DJ mixers in addition to guitars . Hard Rock Hotel , 230 N. Michigan Ave. , Chicago , Ill. , 60601 , United States ; +1 312 345 1000 2 . Royal chariot Taking inspiration from the historic British concession where it 's located , The Ritz-Carlton , Tianjin is built to resemble an ancient British palace . And what European palace is complete without a horse-drawn carriage and uniformed horseman ? Branding itself as a wedding hotel , the Ritz offers an extravagant "  royal wedding package " that includes a Rolls Royce grand entrance , free-flowing Champagne tower , royal-themed cake and a ride on the carriage . Non wedding guests can enjoy a 30-minute ride on the carriage around the former British concession too - for the princely sum of RMB50 ,000  $ 8100  . The Ritz-Carlton , Tianjin , 167 Dagubei Road , Heping District , Tianjin , China ; +86 22 5857 8888 3 . Pet psychologist They 're said to be mankind 's best friend -- and do n't we treat them like it . Hotel deLuxe offers guests ' dogs acupuncture and even Reiki treatments , and has an in-house pet psychologist for guests to connect with their pets better . Dog expert Stanley Coren can answer questions about canine emotions and intelligence . The service is available at these Provenance hotels : Hotel Max  Seattle  , Hotel deLuxe  Portland , Oregon  , Hotel Murano  Tacoma , Washington  , Hotel Lucia  Portland  and Hotel Preston  Nashville , Tennessee  . 4 . Wake-up calls from celebrities At Nashville 's Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center , a monster hotel with 2,882 rooms , waterfalls , indoor rivers , daily light shows and more tropical vegetation than Biosphere 3 , guests can opt for a rousing "  Rise and Shine " wake-up call from a Who 's Who of country music stars , including Vince Gill , Trace Adkins , Kellie Pickler and Wynonna Judd . Guests might even bump into them in the flesh at the adjoining Grand Ole Opry stage , a Nashville institution since 1925 . Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center , 2800 Opryland Drive , Nashville , Tennessee ; +1 615 889 1000 5 . Sleep concierge After paying all this money for essentially a place to sleep , why not get some guidance on how to do it right ? The Benjamin has been a pioneer in the trend with an in-house sleep consultant , Rebecca Robbins . The sleep team and Robbins , co-author of the book "  Sleep for Success ! , " provide advice to adults and children . Kid-size bathrobes and pillows , storybooks and dolls are available . Kids are then rewarded with a certificate for sleeping well . The hotel can also prepare the room for optimum napping , on request . The Benjamin , 125 East 50th St. , New York City ; +1 212 715 2500 6 . Recording studio In the basement of the Sunset Marquis Hotel in California is a professional recording studio that attracts some of the biggest names in showbiz , including Katy Perry , Tom Hanks , Christina Aguilera , Aerosmith and Clint Eastwood The Nightbird studio handles tracking , editing and mixing with state-of-the-art technology and a staff of engineers . Sunset Marquis Hotel , 1200 Alta Loma Road , West Hollywood , California ; +1 310 657 1333 7 . Kidnapping followed by a picnic Every couple that checks into Namale Resort and Spa on Fiji 's Vanua Levu island is "  kidnapped " at some point during their stay and taken to a surprise four-course picnic somewhere on the lush resort 's 212 hectares . Sometimes it 's next to a waterfall , sometimes in a cave , sometimes on a private deck overlooking a blowhole in the Koro Sea . Guests never know when they will be summoned . Namale Resort and Spa , Hibiscus Hawaii , Savusavu , Fiji , +1 858 381 5177 8 . Pet goldfish Forced to leave Rover behind ? No worries . At Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants , guests can request a stand-in pet . The Kimpton 's in-room goldfish ca n't sit or fetch , but they can , if scientific studies are to be believed , calm nerves , reduce anxiety and lower blood pressure . And if that does n't work , Kimpton also offers in-room yoga lessons . Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants , at various locations in the United States ; +1 800 546 7866 9 . Chocolate parlor Move over , Willy Wonka . Soneva Kiri 's over-the-top chocolate parlor serves non-stop free chocolate from mousses and fondues to candies , lattes and brioche . Who even knew there was such a thing as vinegar chocolate or citrus and thyme chocolate ? A team of sweet-toothed chefs oversees the handcrafted , Fair Trade chocolate that makes its way to this resort on the Thai island of Kood . Soneva Kiri , 110 Moo 4 , Koh Kood Sub district , Trat 23000 , Thailand ; +66 3961 9800 10 . Ring-delivering owls At Ireland 's Ashford Castle , a 141-hectare property on the shores of Lough Corrib and River Cong , a resident owl named Dingle is always available to swoop in with an engagement ring around his neck . Dingle has also been known to deliver notes and messages . This medieval castle , built in 1228 , also played a starring role in the John Wayne-Maureen O'Hara movie , "  The Quiet Man . " The castle is undergoing renovation until March 2015 . Ashford Castle , Cong , County Mayo , Ireland , +353 94 954 6003 11 . Sunshine butler If you spot a well-dressed person by the poolside , expressing eagerness to rub sun lotion on your back , do n't be alarmed . The Club Hotel & Spa in the Channel Islands has recently introduced their "  Sunshine Butlers " to guests at the terrace pool . The butlers offer poolside services like polishing your sunglasses , applying sun creams and providing cooling face and foot misters , iced towels and watermelon . The Club Hotel & Spa , Green Street , St. Helier , Jersey , Channel Islands ; +1 1534 876 500 12 . Manta ray phone Four Seasons Resort Landaa Giraavaru at Baa Atoll , Maldives -- a UNESCO World Biosphere -- provides guests with a direct line to any manta rays in the area . Well , almost . Guests signed up for the "  Manta-on-call " service during the manta ray peak season -- June to November -- will receive the latest sightings of manta rays in the area and be taken away on a speeding boat to the location . Four Seasons Resort Maldives at Landaa Giraavaru , Baa Atoll ; +960 66 00 888 13 . Porsche rides and others Not a fan of being chauffeured around ? At Rancho Valencia , all hotel guests have access to a fleet of Porsches . Guests at all 25hours Hotels can hire Mini Coopers during their stay . And for eco-conscious guests , the Hyatt Regency Jeju hotel on Jeju Island -- the "  Hawaii of Korea " -- offers free electric cars . Rancho Valencia Resort & Spa , 5921 Valencia Circle , Rancho Santa Fe , California ; +1 858 756 1123 25Hours Hotels at various locations Hyatt Regency Jeju , Â 114 Jungmungwangwang-ro 72 beon-gil , Seogwipo-si , Jeju Province , South Korea ; +82 64 733 1234 14 . Fragrance butler Take this , airport security enforcers . At Vancouver 's tiny Hotel Georgia and some other Rosewood 's city hotels , there 's no need to monitor perfume bottles to make sure they 're less than 100 milliliters because there 's no need to even pack them . A white-gloved fragrance butler bearing 10 fragrances  five for him and five for her  on a silver salver will knock on your door within minutes of you notifying the concierge your wrists need spritzing . Some selections can only be found in a specific hotel , for example Hermes Eau des Mervailles at The Carlyle in New York or Guerlain L'Instant de Guerlain at Rosewood Sand Hill in California . Participating hotels include The Carlyle  New York City  , Rosewood Crescent Hotel  Dallas , Texas  , Rosewood Mansion on Turtle Creek  Dallas , Texas  , Rosewood Sand Hill  Menlo Park , California  , Rosewood Hotel Georgia  Vancouver  , Al Faisaliah Hotel  Riyadh , Saudi Arabia  and Rosewood Corniche  Jeddah , Saudi Arabia	Transcending Wi-Fi , pillow menus and full minibars , these hotel amenities truly give you something to brag about back home Music fans may be interested in a Fender guitar at Hard Rock , Chicago , or a recording studio at Sunset Marquis Hotel , California Kimpton Hotels provide stand-in pet goldfish while Provenance hotels have a pet psychologist on call
CNN  -- When Frederick Hutson left prison in 2012 after serving four years on marijuana-related charges , he realized he had gained something more than his freedom : insight into an overlooked consumer market . Many inmates are stuck in an age before Instagram or Facebook , relying on envelopes and pay phones to connect with family on the outside . So Hutson founded Pigeonly , a photo-sharing and low-cost phone call service that has already helped 50,000 incarcerated individuals connect with their loved ones , maintain their ties to society , and remain a presence in their children 's lives . The story of Pigeonly is statistically unlikely : a disruptive technology created by a member of a disenfranchised community , in order to solve a problem within that community . It is also a model for the type of entrepreneurship that can revive American capitalism : both inclusive of and responsive to America 's changing demographics . One of the great achievements of the civil rights and women 's rights movements was that they unleashed an enormous pool of talent into the economic life of America . Desegregation and the women 's movement broke down barriers to education and employment and made our nation stronger by making it more competitive . Yet 50 years later , a narrow vision of capitalism once again threatens to leave many Americans behind . Our nation 's failure to achieve equal educational opportunity has exacerbated race-based economic disparities and produced two starkly different American economies . And while women have made strong gains in professional life , they remain dramatically underrepresented in many of the most profitable sectors . Silicon Valley is hardly the only place where this is evident , but addressing it here is crucial to turning the tide . Last year there were eight states where zero Latino students took the Advanced Placement exam in computer science , and 11 states in which no black students took the test . In three states , not a single female student sat for the exam . It is no surprise , then , that 99 % of venture capital-funded startups in 2010 were founded by whites or people of Asian descent , the vast majority of whom were men . The result of this pipeline problem is an enormous amount of untapped talent and a tech sector that fails to reflect the demographics of its users . To be sure , government can play a crucial role in leveling the playing field . But it can only go so far . The leaders of the innovation economy can and should play their part in reviving capitalism by making it more responsive to a changing country 's full range of widespread needs and more inclusive in the process . This is a practical demand as much as a moral one . Underrepresented populations are uniquely prepared to do what the tech sector claims to do best : innovate . Look at the app store on any smartphone . There are thousands of programs to edit a photo or help you check the weather , but far fewer that exist to close the gaps in our society . In Silicon Valley , we like to say that every problem is a potential opportunity . But it takes a diversity of backgrounds to identify the real-world problems begging for a solution . Simply put , startups like Pigeonly are shattering expectations of what the market demands . Smart investors are looking at firms like Regalii , which helps immigrants send cash remittances back to their home countries , or Plaza Familia , a Latina-founded multilingual education software platform that helps parents track their children 's ' school progress in their native language . Our firm , Kapor Capital , invests in these companies and dozens of others that work to close gaps . We saw that startups like Pigeonly were launched by entrepreneurs who identified an unmet need in the market as a result of their life experiences . Silicon Valley tells an idealistic story of itself and the revolutionary role of tech leaders in the 21st century economy . Tech innovation can and should expand wealth , democratize access to opportunity , and build a meritocracy where talent matters most . However , we still have a long way to go . We will be there when companies like Pigeonly , Regalii , and Plaza Familia and their founders -- African-Americans , Latinos , women of all colors , and others historically excluded -- are no longer the exception to the rule . Capitalism remains our nation 's operating system . The current version needs an upgrade . Investing in the people who are too often locked out , and their ideas , can advance our economy and our country to the next level . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Mitch Kapor and Ben Jealous worry that a lack of diversity in tech firms is stalling innovation Startups succeed , they say , when they meet unmet needs Innovators from diverse backgrounds can uncover fresh , unsolved problems Capitalism , they say , is U.S. operating system but current version needs an upgrade
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- In her first visit to South by Southwest Interactive , the tech-themed conference underway here , former first daughter Chelsea Clinton devoted the bulk of her prepared talk Tuesday to the admirable work of her family 's foundation in improving global health care . But it was her more personal remarks , often about her famous family 's early use of technology , that seemed to resonate most . "  I definitely taught my parents how to text and how to charge their phones , " she told almost 3,000 people in an Austin convention hall . "  I 'm sure that 's not uncommon for many people in this room . " Clinton , 34 , said she got her first computer , a Commodore , "  from Santa Claus " as a child and sent her first e-mail while in high school in the mid-1990s . That was around the time her father , then-President Bill Clinton , sent the first presidential e-mail , to astronaut John Glenn in space -- a fact she said her dad was "  ridiculously " proud of . "  He 's now a pretty good tweeter and a pretty good texter , but he 's still only sent about two e-mails , " she said . She then joked about how her father is not the most famous texter in the family and showed the photo of her mother , wearing sunglasses and wielding a phone , that inspired the "  Texts From Hillary " meme . Wearing jeans and a black jacket , Clinton gave a rather stiff , scripted 25-minute speech , followed by a more relaxed Q&A session with Fast Company editor Robert Safian . She showed glimmers of both her mother 's poise and her father 's command of detail , rattling off stats about mobile banking usage in Kenya and the 750,000 children in the world who die each year from dehydration caused by diarrhea . "  I 'm obsessed with diarrhea , " she said . "  It does n't make me squeamish . " As the only child of two ambitious parents , growing up in the spotlight of the Arkansas governor 's mansion and the White House , Clinton said a lot was expected of her at a young age . At age 6 she said she would debate her parents , one at a time , about issues or current events while the other parent moderated . "  It taught me that not only was it OK to have an opinion and a point of view , " she said , "  it was expected that I would have an opinion and a point of view . " Asked for the umpteenth time about whether she 'll enter politics , Clinton demurred , although she left the door open at least a crack . "  I do n't know , " she said , adding , "  For a long time , my answer to that question was no . " She expressed dismay that none of her friends -- most of them smart , accomplished people -- show any interest in running for office . "  I find that really troubling , " she said , adding that when her father graduated from Georgetown University in the 1960s , he said about half his classmates were pondering a future in politics . Clinton did urge the coders , designers and other tech professionals in the audience to devote their careers to making the world a better place . Tech entrepreneurs can sometimes find quicker solutions to global problems than policy makers , she said . Asked for her advice to SXSW attendees pondering careers in social good , she offered this : "  I 'd focus on what you 're most passionate about and what makes you angry . I 'd ask myself , ` What do I think is really unjust ? ' That should be a starting point for how you engage with the world . "	Chelsea Clinton speaks Tuesday at South by Southwest Interactive conference Asked whether she 'll run for office : "  I do n't know " Clinton is vice chair of her family 's foundation Her career advice to SXSW attendees : "  Focus on what makes you angry "
CNN  -- Dozens more people were reported killed by government troops and police in Syria on Tuesday , a day after what opposition activists said was the single deadliest known day of anti-government protests . The Local Coordination Committees , an opposition umbrella group , said 78 people died across four Syrian provinces . Most of them were in Idlib , where the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that 60 to 70 Syrian army defectors were gunned down Monday as they tried to flee their posts . The Syrian Observatory 's Rami Abdul Rahman said another 40 civilians were killed the same day "  across Syria during house-to-house raids , arrests , and clashes between army defectors and the Syrian army . " "  Monday may have been a day with the highest death toll in Syria , between 100 and 110 killed in total , " he said . The Syrian government maintains that it is cracking down on armed terrorists who attack security forces and civilians . The activists say the government 's brutal crackdown against peaceful protests has led to the deaths . CNN could not independently verify the allegations because Syria restricts the activity of journalists in the country , and the Syrian government did not immediately respond to the claim . Tuesday , the LCC said 59 people were killed in Idlib , with another 14 in Homs , three in Hama and two in Daraa . All had been shot to death by government forces , the group said . The uprising against the Bashar al-Assad regime has claimed an estimated 5,000 lives since March , the United Nations says . As violence raged on Tuesday , state television announced that the government will execute anyone who participates in terrorist acts or distributes weapons . A new law published Tuesday specifies that anyone who distributes weapons for the purpose of committing terrorist acts will get the death penalty , according to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency . It also mandates a life sentence of hard labor for weapons smugglers who intend to traffic them for terrorist acts . Monday 's deaths came the same day that Syria signed an Arab League proposal aimed at ending the violence . The Arab League expelled Syria over its crackdown . The signing came just days after the Cairo-based group of Arab nations warned it could ask the U.N. Security Council to intervene in the restive country . Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem announced Monday that Damascus had signed the deal , insisting : "  We want a political solution . I do not want the killings to go on . " On Tuesday , permanent members of the Arab League met in Cairo , saying they welcomed the signing of the proposal . Members also stressed "  the emphasis and the paramount importance of the commitment of the Syrian government to fully implement " the accord . Syrian opposition leader Burhan Ghalioun was not impressed by the signing of the agreement . "  The Syrian regime is playing games and wants to buy time . We are quite surprised that the Arab League is allowing this to take place , " the head of the Syrian National Council said Monday in comments on Orient TV from Tunisia . Separately , Ghalioun urged the international community to enforce a buffer zone to protect civilians . Council members meeting in Tunisia declined to say whether they would support the use of foreign military force to enforce such a zone , but stressed their belief that international intervention is necessary . "  This regime has proven time and time again that it is a regime built on lies and force , " Ghalioun told CNN . "  We need a safety zone to protect and prevent efforts by the regime to transform the crisis into a civil conflict . " Five Arab League ministers drafted a resolution Saturday calling for the end of violence and approving an observer mission in Syria . World powers have denounced the Syrian government 's activity , saying they are looking for ways to rein in violence and urgently contain the threat of civil war that is reflected in the emergence of the armed defector force . CNN 's Rima Maktabi and Journalists Taylor Luck and Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : The opposition reports 78 killed , most in Idlib Monday 's toll may be worst of the uprising to date The threat to execute terrorists is a major escalation against protesters The United Nations estimates that about 5,000 have died in Syrian violence this year
As ISIS militants seem poised to take the strategic city of Kobani at the Turkish-Syrian border , violent protests have broken out in Turkey , leaving some demonstrators dead . The death toll has reached 19 , Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said Wednesday . Another 145 people have been injured , and 388 have been arrested , he said . Thousands of people have taken to the streets for the protests , at times ignoring curfews set by the government . Some demonstrators died in clashes between rival groups , authorities said . Others died in clashes with police . A new security office will work around the clock to improve security in the country , Davutoglu said . The protesters , many of them Kurds , are calling on the Turkish government to take tough action against ISIS , and to allow Turkish fighters to go across the border and fight ISIS militants . President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said ground troops are needed in the fight against the Islamist militants . He wants a no-fly zone and a safe haven area established , and has called for the arming of opposition groups in Iraq and Syria . Turkey 's tough choice : Take on ISIS or the PKK ? "  Police used tear gas and water cannons to disperse pro-Kurdish protesters across the country who had set up barricades , set fire to buses and cars and attacked police with fireworks and stones , " the semi-official Anadolu news agency reported . Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus said protesters are supporting the outlawed Kurdistan Workers ' Party , which he called a terrorist group . The protests invite terror and chaos to Turkey , he said , according to Anadolu .	19 dead , 145 injured , and 388 arrested , Turkish PM says As ISIS moves in on Kobani across the border , violent protests break out in Turkey Demonstrators want Turkey to do more against ISIS as it closes in on Kobani
CNN  -- Police are examining grainy hotel surveillance video and following up on new leads , including a reported sighting , in the case of a 17-year-old girl who traveled to Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , for spring break last week and then disappeared . Brittanee Marie Drexel 's mother says she thought her daughter was at a beach in New York , not South Carolina . The possible sighting of Brittanee Drexel was on a bus Wednesday morning in the Myrtle Beach area , according to police , who later showed photos of her to passengers . As investigators try to build a timeline of the events leading to Brittanee 's disappearance Saturday night , they are also scrutinizing hotel security video for signs of a young woman in distress , or other clues . Brittanee 's mother , Dawn Drexel , told HLN 's Nancy Grace that she had forbidden the Rochester , New York , high school junior from going to Myrtle Beach , a popular destination for high school and college students on spring break . Although they stayed in touch by phone and spoke on Saturday , Drexel said she believed the girl was in Rochester when she actually was in Myrtle Beach . "  I did n't have any idea that she was going to do this , " Drexel said . "  I do trust my daughter , and she needed to cool down a little bit because she was upset that I was n't going to let her go . " Drexel said her daughter rode there in a car with several friends . She thinks Brittanee used money she had earned and borrowed to finance her trip .	Police show girl 's photo to bus passengers after reported sighting Brittanee Drexel , 17 , went to Myrtle Beach , S.C. , without mother 's permission Rochester , N.Y. , high school junior last seen on Saturday night
CNN  -- Questions abound about how to best inoculate the world against swine flu as health officials plan for a campaign that could dwarf any previous flu vaccination effort . Researchers in Taiwan sort through eggs for a swine flu vaccine . Companies worldwide are working on vaccines . Among the issues to be resolved are the amount of vaccine likely to be available , the timing of the vaccine 's availability , how it would be distributed , who would provide the shots , who would pay for them and whether it will be possible to track potential side effects . At a recent meeting at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , health officials said U.S. demand could reach 600 million doses of vaccine , enough for two doses for each of the approximate 300 million people in the United States . That 's in case two doses are required for children and adults under 50 , CDC representatives said . That would come on top of the 115 million doses of seasonal flu that are distributed annually , health officials said Friday . Although there has been no official decision to undertake a major vaccination campaign , senior officials are hinting strongly that they would recommend such an effort . Congress passed a supplemental appropriation for $ 7.5 billion , which President Obama recently signed , to cover the costs of preparing for the virus , which includes a vaccination campaign , CDC spokesman Thomas Skinner said . Small studies in ferrets at the CDC suggest that when compared with seasonal flu , the virus appears to cause more severe disease but also seems to spread less easily . Ferrets are often used in flu research because the animal 's respiratory tract responds to flu viruses in much the same way as a human 's . Still , it 's too soon to draw any conclusions , said Nancy Cox , director of the CDC 's influenza division . More detailed results will be published in the journal Science this week . The World Health Organization declared the virus , also known as the novel influenza A  H1N1  , a global pandemic June 11 . More than 70 countries have reported cases of human infection with the virus , and more than 70,000 cases have been documented worldwide , according to the WHO . There are 27,717 cases in the United States , according to the CDC . As the first pandemic strain to emerge since 1968 , the novel H1N1 virus has attracted interest from pharmaceutical companies around the world . Samples have been sent to dozens of potential vaccine makers , said Michael Shaw , lab team leader for the novel H1N1 response at the CDC . Most vaccine production will involve the traditional route of growing a modified virus in eggs , but demand is so high that newer methods are getting a serious look . One comes from a small company called Protein Sciences Corp. , based in Meriden , Connecticut , which recently received a $ 35 million contract from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to pursue a new vaccine technology . "  The technology has advanced in recent years to a point that we believe it could help meet a surge in demand for U.S.-based vaccine for seasonal and pandemic flu , " HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said in a statement last week . The company is producing 100,000 doses of vaccine per week , said Daniel Adams , CEO of Protein Sciences Corp. . The technology involves caterpillar ovary cells , which were isolated 20 years ago , and a virus called baculovirus that infects insects but does not harm humans , Adams said . Scientists inject a protein of the novel H1N1 virus into the baculovirus , which can multiply quickly in insect cells . Making large quantities of this vaccine is faster than with traditional production methods because the basic cells are able to be frozen and stored , the company said in a statement . Protein Sciences Corp. will have the vaccines ready for use in clinical trials in a month , Adams said . They will also be ready for human use if the FDA issues an emergency authorization to start distributing swine flu vaccines . "  We 'll be paving the way for everybody , because the data that 's generated in those trials will allow other people to get any idea of what it 's going to take , how to make an effective vaccine , " Adams said . But the researchers do not know what is the appropriate dose size for this vaccine or whether it should be given once or twice , he said . These are issues that may be resolved in clinical trials . A more established player in the vaccine arena is Sanofi Pasteur , which could have vaccines for the novel H1N1 virus available for clinical investigation in humans this summer , spokeswoman Donna Cary said . Supplies could become available to public health authorities in four to six months , and the FDA is reviewing the final clinical trial design , she said . Novartis AG , another large pharmaceutical company , announced June 12 that it had produced the first batch of H1N1 vaccine weeks ahead of expectations , using cell-based manufacturing technology . The company plans for clinical trials to start in July and expects licensure in the fall . Abroad , the United Kingdom 's department of health has signed contracts with pharmaceutical giants GlaxoSmithKline and Baxter . The advance purchase agreement allows for up to 130 million doses , but there is flexibility in the contract , spokesman James Hotson said . The UK health department expects that 75 million doses will be produced before the end of the year , with the first supplies arriving in August , Hotson said . GlaxoSmithKline spokesman Jeff McLaughlin said his company 's first doses are expected to be available in four to six months . Baxter has just gone into full-scale production of its novel H1N1 vaccine and is hoping to deliver it for clinical trials as early as July , said Kim White , spokesperson for the company . The clinical work for this vaccine is based on the H5N1 avian flu , she said . "  The clinical trials -LSB- part -RSB- is a little tricky , given that this is a brand new virus , " she said . "  No one has done clinical trials with this particular virus . " In planning , U.S. health officials are taking into account the experience of the 1976 swine flu vaccine campaign , which strove to immunize against the strain found at Fort Dix , New Jersey . More than 40 million people received the vaccine before the campaign ended because some recipients developed Guillain-Barre syndrome , which causes temporary paralysis . There 's still no good working theory on what caused it , Cox said . Comparisons between the two episodes are limited in value , she said , because genetic analysis shows that the current H1N1 virus is very different from the 1976 swine flu virus . CNN 's Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report .	115 million doses of seasonal flu are distributed annually in U.S. Most vaccine production involves traditional route of growing virus in eggs New technologies , such as using caterpillar cells , are getting attention 1976 swine flu vaccine program ended because some people became paralyzed
CNN  -- An act of civil disobedience 55 years ago -- Rosa Parks ' refusal to move to the back of a city bus -- made the seamstress in Montgomery , Alabama , a pivotal symbol in America 's civil rights movement . Wednesday marks the 55th anniversary of the civil disobedience on December 1 , 1955 . Parks did not intend to get arrested as she made her way home from work that day . Little did the 42-year-old seamstress know that her acts would help end segregation laws in the South . That evening after work , Parks took a seat in the front of the black section of a city bus in Montgomery , Alabama . The bus filled up , and the bus driver demanded that she move so a white male passenger could have her seat . But Parks refused to give up her seat , and police arrested her . Four days later , Parks was convicted of disorderly conduct . The events triggered a 381-day boycott of the bus system by blacks that was organized by a 26-year-old Baptist minister , the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . The boycott led to a court ruling desegregating public transportation in Montgomery , but it was n't until the 1964 Civil Rights Act that all public accommodations nationwide were desegregated . Parks , who died five years ago in Detroit , Michigan , at 92 , still has the power to inspire . "  I think that she , as the mother of the new civil rights movement , has left an impact not just on the nation , but on the world , " U.S. Rep. John Conyers , a Michigan Democrat , said shortly after her death . "  She was a real apostle of the nonviolence movement . " He remembered her as someone who never raised her voice -- an eloquent voice of the civil rights movement . "  You treated her with deference because she was so quiet , so serene -- just a very special person , " he said , adding that "  there was only one " Rosa Parks . Facing regular threats and having lost her department store job because of her activism , Parks left Alabama for Detroit in 1957 , where she later joined Conyers ' staff . Parks later co-founded the Rosa and Raymond Parks Institute for Self Development to help young people pursue educational opportunities , get them registered to vote and work toward racial peace . "  As long as there is unemployment , war , crime and all things that go to the infliction of man 's inhumanity to man , regardless -- there is much to be done , and people need to work together , " she once said . Parks remained active on the lecture circuit into her 80s , speaking at civil rights groups and accepting awards , including the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996 and the Congressional Gold Medal in 1999 . "  This medal is encouragement for all of us to continue until all have rights , " she said at the June 1999 ceremony for the latter medal .	Parks received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996 She became a symbol of the civil rights movement Parks died in Detroit , Michigan , in 2005
Tokyo  CNN  -- Workers at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station returned to the plant Friday after a strong aftershock forced them to leave a day earlier , the plant 's owner said . The quake forced crews at the plant to evacuate as it rattled northern Japan late Thursday night . They returned to the plant about eight and a half hours later , and no fresh damage to the facility had been reported Friday afternoon , the Tokyo Electric Power Company said . Before the quake , engineers had been injecting non-flammable nitrogen into the No. 1 reactor containment shell to counter a buildup of hydrogen in the chamber . That process continued while the plant was evacuated , and so did the pumping of fresh water into that reactor and units 2 and 3 , said Hidehiko Nishiyama , a spokesman for the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency . Hydrogen buildup is a symptom of overheated fuel rods in the cores of the reactors , which plant workers have been struggling to keep under control since the earthquake and tsunami . The nitrogen injections are aimed at displacing oxygen in the reactor shell , reducing the possibility of an explosion -- a chance Tokyo Electric called "  extremely low . " A hydrogen explosion blew the roof and upper walls off the No 1 . reactor building two days after the quake , and another blast two days later blew apart the No. 3 building . A suspected hydrogen explosion is believed to have damaged the No. 2 reactor on March 15 as well . Both the Japan Meteorological Agency and the U.S. Geological Survey have rated Thursday 's quake a magnitude 7.1 , though the Japanese initially rated it at 7.4 . It was centered in the Pacific Ocean about 90 kilometers  56 miles  north of the plant , near the epicenter of the magnitude-9 earthquake and tsunami that knocked out the plant 's coolant systems four weeks ago Friday . It also caused radioactive water to spill from the spent fuel cooling pools of another nuclear power plant , Tohoku Electric 's Onagawa plant , the Sendai-based utility and NISA reported Friday . About 15 liters  3.9 gallons  of water spilled , and the concentration of radioactive particles was far below levels that would pose an immediate threat to human health , the company said . The three reactors at the Onagawa plant , about 140 kilometers  88 miles  north of Fukushima Daiichi , shut down automatically when the March 11 earthquake struck and have not been restarted . Workers at Fukushima Daiichi have been struggling to keep the reactors from overheating for four weeks , pouring tons of fresh water an hour into the reactors and trying to contain the spread of radioactive contamination that has been pouring out . About 78,000 people who live within a 20-kilometer radius of the plant were ordered to leave their homes in the days following the quake , and another 62,000 within 20 to 30 kilometers have been told to remain indoors . But government readings show that people beyond the current restricted zone may be exposed to dangerous long-term doses of radiation even though the readings fall below levels that now require an evacuation , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told reporters Thursday . Edano , the Japanese government 's point man on the crisis , said the country may set standards for long-term radiation exposure that would effectively extend the evacuation zone around the damaged plant . "  It is time for the government to consider setting another category for accumulated exposure , " Edano told reporters . "  The safety of the people is the first priority , and social needs come after that . " There is no timetable for a decision , Edano said . Readings released Thursday by the country 's science ministry from areas outside that zone indicated that long-term exposure could top the government 's one-time standards for an evacuation within a few months . Some of those are in towns to the northwest , where prevailing winds have blown radioactive particles released from the Fukushima Daiichi plant . The recorded doses are far below those that would cause radiation sickness but could pose a long-term risk of cancer , according to medical experts . The anti-nuclear group Greenpeace and the International Atomic Energy Agency raised alarms about the spread of radioactivity beyond the 30-kilometer zone in late March . Hiroo Saso and Ailing Chang contributed to this report for CNN .	No damage has been reported from Thursday night 's aftershock A small amount of radioactive water spilled from another nuclear plant Workers at Fukushima Daiichi have been struggling to keep the reactors from overheating
CNN  Israel 's next prime minister -- whether incumbent Benjamin Netanyahu or Labor Party leader Isaac Herzog -- will be faced with a myriad of international and domestic crises amid deepening tensions with the United States , its closest ally . Here are five key issues waiting in the new leader 's inbox after Tuesday 's election . 1 . Repairing relations with the United States There are any number of irritants -- from settlement construction to failed peace talks to Israeli military action in Gaza and Lebanon -- which have long tested the alliance between Washington and Israel . But ties have grown increasingly strained between President Barack Obama and Netanyahu , playing out over the last several years in a series of awkward photo-ops , anonymous quotes in U.S. and Israeli media and tense body language . Relations hit a low point recently with Netanyahu 's speech to Congress criticizing President Obama 's policy toward Iran about its nuclear program . Repairing ties with the White House becomes easier if the next government is formed under Herzog , who has pledged to "  restore intimacy and trust " with the leadership in Washington . Repairing ties becomes more difficult if Netanyahu remains in office . For all its official praise for the "  unshakable bonds " between the U.S. and Israel , the White House sees Netanyahu as the problem . If Netanyahu is re-elected , they will have to work with him . Personal relations may be fraught now , but Obama has never suggested watering down or delaying mostly military U.S. aid to Israel , which amounts to $ 3 billion a year . Privately , however , U.S. officials have warned the level of Washington 's political support for Israel with allies and at the United Nations could be affected by Netanyahu 's attitude toward the Obama administration . 2 . Confronting Iran World powers are pushing toward a framework nuclear deal with Iran before the March 31 deadline . The next prime minister will take office shortly before a July deadline for a final deal and will need to reach key understandings with Washington on what security and diplomatic guarantees the United States will provide Israel if the deal goes forward . In addition , Israel will want input on what constitutes a violation of the deal and what would trigger punitive measures if Iran reneges . If he remains in office , Netanyahu 's differing perceptions of the threat posed by Iran will undoubtedly come to a head as that deadline approaches . Netanyahu has been clear he believes history has handed him the role of delivering the Jewish state from an existential threat posed by Tehran 's nuclear ambitions . He worries that the agreement that emerges will leave Iran as a nuclear "  threshold state " with the materials and expertise to quickly break out and build a nuclear weapon . Herzog has similarly said he would never accept a nuclear Iran and stresses all options are on the table , including the military options . But he has suggested as prime minister he would work closer with the Obama administration and other governments negotiating with Iran to strengthen a deal , rather than try and block the deal through the US Congress . Beyond the nuclear deal , the next Israeli will leader will face an increasingly emboldened Iran in the region . Beyond it 's longstanding support to Hezbollah in Lebanon and backing of the al-Assad government in Syria , Iran has extended its involvement in Iraq 's battle against ISIS and has provided support to Houthis in Yemen . Israeli officials say Iran is actively working to open up a front against Israel in the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights . Iran said in January an Iranian general had been killed in an Israeli airstrike in the area . 3 . Solving problems with Palestinians The breakdown last April of peace talks led by Secretary of State John Kerry led the Palestinians to take unilateral steps in international forums such as the United Nations and the International Criminal Court . In response , Israel has halted delivering tax revenues , which it collects on the Palestinians ' behalf , seriously squeezing their economy . Now the Palestinians are threatening to halt security cooperation with Israel . Coupled with a lack of a viable peace process and a potential economic collapse of the Palestinian authority , the lack of security coordination would present a total breakdown of cooperation between the two sides . The next Israeli leader will need to stop this free fall before this dangerous cocktail of instability leads to further chaos and perhaps a third intifada . The differences between Netanyahu and Herzog seem to be more style than substance . During the campaign , Netanyahu has hedged on his longstanding support for a two-state solution , but has not abandoned the idea entirely . Herzog has pledged to restart the peace process , but has expressed skepticism about whether Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas is a reliable partner . The new prime minister must also deal with an ever worsening humanitarian situation in Gaza , where rebuilding has been slow after last summer 's Operation Protective Edge . Egypt has basically cut off the border , further squeezing the strip . While there has been little violence since last year 's war , Hamas has not been demilitarized and another round of fighting could be just another matter of time . Although Hamas belongs to a unity government with Abbas ' Fatah party , Abbas continues to exercise little influence over the group . 4 . Addressing growing social inequality While Israeli voters traditionally cite security issues as a driving factor , the high cost of living has emerged as a major focus in this election season . Sky-high housing prices are of particular concern . Last month , Israel 's state comptroller issued a report finding housing prices in the country rose by 55 % between 2008 and 2014 . Rising food prices are another key issue . In July 2011 , Israel saw a massive wave of social protests centering on the expensive housing market and food prices . Dubbed the "  cottage cheese " protests -- because of the rising cost of cottage cheese , a staple in many Israelis pantry -- they were emblematic of a broader concern that Netanyahu 's relentless focus on security issues was at the expense of domestic issues . Polls indicate the growing frustration with the economy has resulted in a shift from Netanyahu to Herzog . Herzog has pledged to spend 7 billion shekels  about $ 1.75 billion U.S.  on affordable housing , health care and other social programs for the middle class , which he called the "  sandwich generation . " For the most part , Netanyahu has not addressed the economy in his few campaign events , focusing more on his strong security credentials . In recent days , he pointed to a 5 % decrease in food prices and an increase in affordable housing during his tenure , but acknowledged that the rising costs of living and housing prices were not "  fully addressed " by his government and promised to make the economy a top priority if re-elected . 5 . Reversing Israel 's isolation on the world stage Israel 's next prime minister will need to repair Israel 's increasingly frayed ties with once-friendly countries and its deepening worldwide isolation . Leading opposition candidate Tzipi Livni , who once served as Netanyahu 's main peace negotiator , accused Netanyahu of being responsible for a "  diplomatic tsunami " against Israel . Indeed , Netanyahu 's aggressive style has been cited as a major factor in strained ties with the United States and Europe -- a perception caught in a hot-mic conversation between President Obama and French President Nicolas Sarkozy in 2011 , in which Sarkozy lamented he could n't "  bear " Netanyahu , calling him a "  liar . " Obama replied , "  You 're fed up with him , but I have to deal with him even more often than you . " Regardless of who is Israel 's next leader , Israel faces growing worldwide frustration over its policies towards the Palestinians , particularly settlement construction . The European Union , Israel 's largest trading partner , is in the process of canceling tax exemptions on Israeli products made in settlements in the occupied West Bank and is considering plans to label the origin of other products made in settlements . Federica Mogherini , the EU 's new foreign policy chief , is seeking a greater role in helping to mediate the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . In the absence of a viable peace process , several European nations have already recognized a Palestinian state , with several more promising to consider such a move . This makes Israel ever more dependent on U.S. diplomatic support , including its veto at the United Nations . Washington has traditionally defended Israel against Palestinians efforts to achieve recognition at the United Nations and legal action at the International Criminal Court . And it has lobbied its European allies against sanctions on Israeli exports . As with the United States , it would seem easier to repair these frayed ties under a Herzog-led government . If re-elected , Netanyahu will have his work cut out for him	Benjamin Netanyahu trying to hold leadership post against Isaac Herzog Iran , relations with Palestinians among key issues But there also are domestic economic concerns
Mashable  -- Have you ever wondered which smartphone would last the longest when cooked like a hamburger ? Us too . This neat little video of an iPhone 4 , an Android G2 and a HTC Surround getting seared and charred has been making the viral video rounds . Each of the phones delivers digital smack talk  "  How do you like them apples ?! "  before the searing heat puts them out of their misery . The video is apparently designed to promote the EZGrill disposable grill . They got some help though from Seattle-based Banyan Branch . Not bad for the cost of three phones and a grill . In case you were wondering , the Android was the first to go , while the iPhone 's temperature protection feature kicked in right on schedule . That makes the Windows Phone 7 the most fire-resistant of the bunch . Check out the video to see the full BBQ action . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Video showing iPhone 4 , Android and Windows Phone 7 on grill goes viral Video used to promote EZgrill disposable grill Windows Phone 7 was most fire-resistant one of the bunch
CNN  -- Smart policies are essential to America 's "  war on obesity . " The latest idea in that fight is a curious proposal from Mayor Michael Bloomberg of New York City . He 's planning to ban the sale of sugary drinks 16 ounces or larger in public venues such as restaurants and movie theaters . Critics are crying that the move is an infringement on personal freedom . But the bigger question is : What 's the rationale behind targeting a single dietary factor in the sea of unhealthy foods and drinks that barrage us every day ? Is it scientifically sound ? A typical 16-ounce soft drink contains about 180 calories , nearly all from sugar . It does n't contain any fat . While Bloomberg 's ban will make it illegal to sell large-sized sugary drinks , it 's perfectly legal to sell plenty of other beverages  milkshakes , anyone ?  and foods  how about some ice cream ?  that pack far more calories per amount served as well as very high levels of fat , sodium or other laboratory-engineered chemicals . Opinion : Bloomberg 's visionary move against obesity And what about the typical meal that goes along with a soft drink ? A fast food meal contains tons of calories and is loaded with ingredients that are known to increase risks for diabetes and cardiovascular diseases . And , it is consumed in a matter of minutes . If Bloomberg 's ban goes into effect , fast food restaurants can easily game his policy by offering a regularly portioned sugary drink that will likely come with free refills . Many academic scientists in the field of obesity prevention support Bloomberg 's efforts . After all , the track record looks good . New York City hit a home run when it banned the use of hydrogenated vegetable oils in restaurants . Granted , scientific evidence have consistently showed that these cooking oils are hazardous to health . Experts have claimed that sugary drinks are a leading cause of obesity . If you make it more difficult for people to consume excessive amounts of these drinks , then should n't we see a drop in obesity ? Overheard on CNN.com : Doughnut lovers ' lament , washed down with a giant soda It seems so simple on the surface , but it 's not . Obesity is the result of an extremely complex interplay of factors , including dietary habits , environment , genes , etc. . One of the best studies available , appearing last year in The New England Journal of Medicine , tells a more complicated picture . The study shows that if you increase drinking sugary beverages by one serving per day , it will lead you to gain an additional pound of body weight over four years . A similar amount of weight would be gained from eating an additional serving of red or processed meat daily for four years . But when it comes to potato chips , there seems to be a stronger relationship with weight gain  1.65 pounds  . And French fries blew away the numbers  3.65 pounds  . Does this look like good scientific evidence for banning the sale of large portions of soft drinks ? Not really . Especially since the floodgates are open for selling enormous sizes of French fries and bacon double cheeseburgers , which seem to have more effect on weight gain . We can argue about whether a change in body weight of a quarter of a pound per year is meaningful and how much faith we can put in these studies of self-reported diet . But there have been no authoritative research showing whether consuming sugary drinks is directly linked to a rise in obesity . So , there is really no way to draw any conclusions about the scientific basis for Bloomberg 's ban . It 's guesswork for all we know . Controversy fizzing over Bloomberg 's soda ban The proposal does represent a baby step into uncharted waters that should be navigated . A policy aimed at changing people 's level of portion size could n't hurt in our national struggle to reduce obesity . If people are going to the drive-through to pick up a fast meal and the large drink they 're getting is no longer as large , then they would be consuming a little bit less sugar than they would otherwise . However , the high profile targeting of a single dietary factor , based on shaky obesity science , may be setting us up for disappointment if there is no measurable public health impact . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark A. Pereira .	Mayor Bloomberg of New York City plans to ban sale of large sugary drinks Mark Pereira : A ban based on shaky science may be setting us up for disappointment Why target a single dietary factor among so many unhealthy foods and drinks , he asks Pereira : Eating French fries seems to have more effect on weight gain
NEW YORK  CNN  -- New York celebrates the centennial of its most famous New Year 's tradition Monday , as organizers of the Times Square ball drop have given the crystal globe an environmental makeover . Technicians prepare the New York Times Square ball Thursday for the event 's 100th anniversary . This year the 1,415-pound ball has been outfitted with more than 9,500 energy-efficient light-emitting diodes that will illuminate the ball 's more than 600 crystals . The LEDs will use the same amount of electricity as about 10 toasters , say event officials . That 's a dramatic overhaul from 1907 's first Times Square ball , which was made from iron and wood and was covered with about 100 light bulbs . Watch the computer-controlled ball " New York police estimate about a million people will crowd Times Square to watch the ball drop from a flagpole atop the One Times Square building at midnight . Another billion people worldwide are expected to watch the spectacle on video , said Tom Chiodo , a spokesman for the Times Square Alliance . Of those viewers , 100 million will be in the United States , he said . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg will be joined by Iraq war veteran Karolina Wierzchowska , who was also a Ground Zero guard worker and a New York Police Academy valedictorian -- to push the button for the ball drop at 11:59 p.m. Weather forecasts indicate clear skies for the celebration , with temperatures in the 40s -- a mild departure from inclement weather gripping much of the Northeast . In an effort to help people stay warm , New York City sanitation workers will be passing out "  goody bags " from the Times Square Alliance that will include mittens and hats , said Chiodo . The event will include musical performances from Hannah Montana , the Jonas Brothers , Kid Rock , Lenny Kravitz , Lifehouse , The Bravery , and alums from Fox TV 's "  American Idol , " Carrie Underwood , Jordin Sparks and Blake Lewis . Security inside Times Square will be tight and everyone should expect to have their bags searched at least three times , said New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly on CNN 's "  American Morning . " In addition to a heavy police presence on the ground , Kelly said the NYPD 's counterterrorism unit , radiation detectors and helicopters will also be patrolling the crowds . Kelly said that once the Times Square attendees pass the entrance gates , they will not be able to leave . New York 's terrorist threat level remains at orange -- the nation 's second highest level -- as it has since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . "  We certainly have n't let our guard down , " Kelly said . As the ball drops , the new year will be greeted with a massive fireworks explosion , some 168 shots in the first five seconds alone , and a downpour of two tons of fireproof confetti . Some of the confetti includes New Year 's wishes that were written by visitors to the city in nearly two dozen languages . Over the past week , visitors from across the country wrote their messages on a Times Square "  Wishing Wall . " "  I want to turn the world green and the water clean , " one person wrote . "  Let my husband stop snoring , " another wrote , while others were more serious : "  That my mom will get her kidney transplant " and "  Peace in Pakistan . " E-mail to a friend	Times Square ball fitted with energy-saving light-emitting diodes A million people to attend , officials say , a billion expected to watch on video Performers : Hannah Montana , Kid Rock , Lenny Kravitz , Carrie Underwood 1907 ball was made of iron and wood and covered with about 100 light bulbs
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain told supporters he will "  take nothing for granted " after defeating former Rep. J.D. Hayworth in a bitterly fought Republican primary for U.S. Senate in Arizona Tuesday . "  I ... will fight with every ounce of strength and conviction I possess to make the case for my continued service in the Senate , and the policies and principles I will advocate and defend if I 'm fortunate to be re-elected , " McCain said in his victory speech Tuesday night . McCain -- seeking a fifth term as senator -- was ahead 58.8 percent to 29.8 percent , with 20 percent of precincts reporting , according to The Associated Press . The race between McCain -- the 2008 GOP presidential nominee -- and conservative talk show host Hayworth started off nasty and did n't get any friendlier down the home stretch . Forced to spend $ 20 million in the campaign , McCain was driven to the right on some issues as Hayworth accused him of not being a true conservative . McCain is expected to easily beat any one of the four Democratic primary candidates in the solidly red state . In Florida -- one of four other states to hold primaries Tuesday -- millionaire political newcomer Rick Scott claimed victory over Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum in the Republican primary for governor . In a speech to supporters , Scott , who spent $ 50 million of his own fortune since joining the race in April , alluded to the divisive nature of his fight against McCollum , the party-establishment favorite and former Congressman . "  Some of you may have noticed this was a hard-fought race . We talked a lot about our differences , but tonight it 's time to remember those things that bring us together -- to recall our core beliefs and recommit ourselves to fighting for our principles , " Scott said . "  The Republican Party will come together , and the reason we will come together is our shared devotion to the values that make America great . " Scott was ahead of McCollum , 46.5 percent to 43.4 percent , with 96 percent of precincts reporting , according to The Associated Press . The winner will face a November general election against Alex Sink , Florida 's chief financial officer , whom CNN projected will win the state 's Democratic primary for governor . In a different race featuring a political veteran against a self-funded candidate with deep pockets , Rep. Kendrick Meek declared victory over billionaire Jeff Greene in Florida 's Democratic primary for U.S. Senate . Meek led Greene 57.3 percent to 31.2 percent , with 97 percent of precincts reporting , according to The Associated Press . Meek will take on Marco Rubio -- who won the Republican primary for Senate -- and Gov. Charlie Crist , a Republican-turned independent , in the general election . In an e-mail Tuesday night , Meek thanked supporters for lifting him past Greene , a billionaire real estate investor who was funding his own bid after making a fortune betting against the housing market . "  The pundits thought this seat could be bought . Our critics wrote us off . But together , you and I proved them wrong , " Meek 's message said . Meek used his victory speech minutes later to try and establish himself as the candidate for Democratic voters in November . He noted that he is "  running against two conservative candidates " -- a clear swipe at Crist , who could siphon votes from Meek in November . "  I made the case , and I am the real Democrat in this race , " Meek said . Crist , who avoided a primary battle with Rubio by announcing an independent candidacy , framed the three-way Senate race as a choice between him , the hard right and the hard left . "  If ... you want somebody who wants to fight the gridlock in Washington and put the people first instead of the party , -LSB- and -RSB- do what 's right for Florida rather than what 's right for Washington or right for just Republicans or Democrats , then you have an alternative , " he told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Tuesday night . Rubio told his supporters that Crist and Meek would be the candidates for voters who already "  like the direction that America is headed . " "  If , on the other hand , you are unhappy with the direction that Washington is taking America ... then there is only one person running , there is only one campaign in Florida in 2010 that is offering to stand up to that agenda , " Rubio said . Florida 's Democratic primary for Senate and the Republican primary for governor were two races in which two deep-pocketed political novices came virtually out of nowhere this spring , but managed to transform a pair of primaries into two of the most outlandish contests of the 2010 cycle . Meek , a Democrat from Miami , Florida , had a clear path to his party 's Senate nomination until April , when Greene decided to fund his own bid . Both campaigns quickly trained fire on one another , with Meek dubbing Greene a "  Meltdown Mogul . " Greene linked Meek to an indicted Miami real estate developer and questioned Meek 's commitment to Israel , a weighty charge in a state with a large population of Jewish voters . Republicans also were grappling with a divisive primary in the governor 's race between McCollum , a former Congressman backed by the state 's party establishment , and Scott , a millionaire former health care executive . Scott spent $ 50 million of his personal fortune since joining the race in April , mostly by blanketing Florida 's expensive television and radio airwaves with advertisements questioning McCollum 's conservative bona fides . He eventually stumbled on the campaign trail as he faced questions about his management of two health care companies that went on to face legal problems . Arizona 's GOP Senate race also was bitter , with Hayworth insisting that after running to the right in the primary , McCain would seek to build his legacy by cutting deals with President Obama and the Democrats if re-elected . Fights over immigration fueled the race , as Hayworth and Tea Party activists challenged McCain 's previous efforts at reform , which called for tougher border security , but included a pathway to citizenship for some undocumented workers . But McCain defended Arizona 's new immigration law , State Bill 1070 , and went on a six-stop statewide tour with Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , whose signing of the bill earned her wide praise from conservatives , and made her the symbol of opposition to amnesty . On Tuesday night , McCain told supporters he was convinced that Republicans will regain majorities in both the Senate and the House . "  And when we do , we will stop the out of control spending and tax increases and repeal and replace Obamacare , " McCain said . "  We will keep families in their homes , we will create new jobs and we will allow our businesses to grow without Washington interference . We will secure our borders , defend our nation and bring our troops home from Afghanistan with honor and victory . " Other races : -- Republican Gov. Jan Brewer of Arizona easily won her party 's gubernatorial nomination Tuesday night , according to a CNN projection . Brewer captured 87 percent of the vote in the GOP primary election , according to early unofficial vote returns from the AP . -- In Alaska , incumbent Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski , with one of the best-known political names in the state , is pitted against an unknown challenger . But attorney Joe Miller 's campaign picked up the support of the Tea Party movement and the backing of former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . In a last-minute robocall for Miller , Palin went after Murkowski saying , "  Lisa Murkowski has voted with the Democrats more than any Republican up for re-election this year . She waffled on the repeal of ObamaCare , co-sponsored cap and trade and voted for TARP . " But some think that endorsement of Miller is at least partly personal . Palin had tangled with Murkowski 's father Frank and defeated him in the 2006 governor 's race . The Tea Party made its support known again in the final hours , promoting the more than half-million dollars it put into Miller 's campaign . -- Also in Alaska , voters decide on gubernatorial nominees . Gov. Sean Parnell , who replaced Palin when she resigned last year , faces two challengers in the GOP primary . Two Democrats are battling for their party 's nomination . -- Longtime Republican Gov. Jim Douglas is retiring in Vermont , giving Democrats hope of competing for the seat . Five Democrats are running in what 's considered a tight race . The winner will face GOP Lt. Gov. Brian Dubie . -- In Oklahoma , two U.S. House Republican nominations will be decided in a runoff . In the 2nd District , Republicans think they have a chance for a pickup this fall against conservative Democrat Dan Boren . And two Republicans are battling to likely replace Rep. Mary Fallin , who 's running for governor . -- A 10-way Republican primary in the Arizona 3rd Congressional District race to replace retiring Rep. John Shadegg has attracted national attention because Ben Quayle , son of former Vice President Dan Quayle , is one of the candidates . The winner will face Democrat John Hulburd in the fall in the heavily red district . CNN 's Peter Hamby , Steve Brusk , Rachel Streitfeld , Jeff Simon and Mark Preston contributed to this report .	McCain 's bid for fifth term still on track Meek to face Rubio , Crist in Florida race for U.S. Senate in November Scott defeats McCollum in Florida 's GOP primary for governor Five states had primaries Tuesday
CNN  -- Rapper Fat Joe and others in his entourage were briefly detained and questioned early Monday after a woman reported an alleged sexual assault , Madison , Wisconsin , police said . The 33-year-old Madison woman called police with a complaint of "  inappropriate touching " after Fat Joe -- whose real name is Joseph Cartagena -- performed at the city 's Orpheum Theater Sunday night , a police report said . Cartagena 's lawyer said the woman was a "  pretender groupie " who was attempting to "  shake down " the rapper for money . Shortly after the concert ended , the woman "  found herself inside of a Cadillac Limousine with Joseph Cartagena and other male subjects all with the destination of a hotel located on Madison 's west side , " the police report said . The address listed by police is on the University of Wisconsin campus , a half mile from the theater . "  There were allegations of inappropriate touching involving the female , and after some time had elapsed , the female reported this matter to Madison Police , " the report said . Cartagena and the others in his entourage were released after they were questioned , but the investigation continued , police said . Attorney Dawn Florio issued a statement Tuesday about what she said were "  false allegations made by a woman who initially posed as a fan and later claimed to be the victim of an assault after demanding money . " "  At no point did Mr. Cartagena or any member of his entourage assault or have any improper contact with the woman , " Florio said . "  It is truly unfortunate that false allegations such as these cause the public to doubt the claims of actual victims of sexual assaults . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Police detained , questioned Fat Joe , entourage Woman said she "  found herself " in Fat Joe 's limo Incident followed rapper 's show in Madison , Wisconsin Rapper 's lawyer calls woman a "  groupie pretender "
Michael Zehaf-Bibeau , the 32-year-old gunman who attacked the Canadian Parliament and killed a soldier last week , had a familiar profile . It is that of a young man alienated from mainstream society , with few friends , without a steady job , drifting from one place to another -- often with a history of petty crime and drug abuse . Then comes the conversion to or rediscovery of Islam , and the adoption of a jihadist mindset , fed by media and online coverage of the West 's involvement in wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and by the well-oiled propaganda machine of groups like ISIS . Whether these young men acting alone  and they are almost always men  should be better described as "  lone-wolf " terrorists or deranged criminals is debatable . "  There is no single , universally accepted definition of terrorism , " says the FBI . In many cases , their conversion to militant Islam is about seeking identity and purpose , or even a sense of adventure . Few of these men have a deep understanding of Salafism , the deeply conservative brand of Islam that 's the philosophical underpinning of groups like al Qaeda , and jihad ; their writings are often incoherent . Frequently they see radical Islam as a form of redemption from past misdeeds , one that also feeds an existing animosity toward authority and a sense of being "  on the outside . " They blame "  kuffar "  nonbeliever  societies for corrupting them in the first place . Analysis of the backgrounds of dozens of young men who have embraced militant Islam and eventually planned or carried out an act of violence shows that many have had troubled upbringings -- although there is no evidence they are more likely to come from poor than comfortable backgrounds . They get into drugs and petty crime in their late teens or early 20s and often cut contacts with their families . Some fall under the sway of radical preachers ; many become radicalized online . Zehaf-Bibeau had several encounters with law enforcement and on at least two occasions was charged with drug-related offenses . The picture emerging from those who knew him is that he was often on the move and given to irrational behavior . His family members said they had not seen him in five years . Zehaf-Bibeau had contact with a militant Islamist in Vancouver , Hasibullah Yusufzai , through social media . But Yusufzai left for Syria early this year , and his influence over Zehaf-Bibeau is unclear . Other lone wolves had troubled backgrounds , too Days after the Ottawa shootings , another 32-year-old , Zale Thompson , attacked four New York police officers with a hatchet before being shot dead . A loner involuntarily discharged from the U.S. Navy 11 years ago  for issues with drugs , according to the New York police  , he was subsequently arrested six times . He converted to Islam two years ago and like many others appears to have been seduced by the online messaging of terrorist groups . Richard Reid , who became known as the "  shoe bomber " after he tried to blow up a trans-Atlantic flight in 2001 , was also a troubled young man -- impressionable , dabbling in minor crime and drugs and ending up in a young offenders ' detention center before converting to Islam . Once under the sway of militant imams at London mosques , his views quickly became more militant . The leader of the group that tried to detonate devices in London in 2005 , Muktar Said Ibrahim , had moved to the United Kingdom at age 14 from Eritrea . He was in constant trouble at school before being convicted of a series of muggings , and estranged from his family . He went to the same young offenders ' center as Reid , where he found Islam . After his release he too was influenced by radical preachers in London  as was another in the group  . Zehaf-Bibeau and Reid were converts . Like Ibrahim , Mohammed Ali Baryalei was born a Muslim ; he arrived in Australia from Afghanistan as a child in the early 1980s . He suffered at the hands of a violent father and was prone to depression . As a young man Baryalei was a nightclub doorman in Sydney 's red-light district and no stranger to drugs and alcohol . But then in 2009 came an epiphany : He rediscovered his religion . Whether he was influenced by others or self-radicalized is unclear , but his path to militancy was rapid and dramatic . Baryalei is now thought to be a leader within the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , and has tried to get associates in Australia to carry out attacks , according to the federal police . Abdel-Majad Abdel Bary followed a similar path . A DJ and rapper in London , Abdel Bary had lyrics that suggested redemption from drug use through religion . "  It 's hard to progress in the future with a damaged past but still I try to count my blessings and I thank Allah , " he wrote . Abdel Bary claimed he was also seared by the memory of his father 's arrest on terrorism charges . "  I swear the day they came and took my dad , I could have killed a cop or two , " he rapped . Like Baryalei , he also joined ISIS , even tweeting a photograph of himself holding the severed head of one of the slain Western hostages . Investigators face challenges in identifying lone wolves So can more be done to identify individuals who may be drifting toward an act of terror but who have no connection with any group ? And what is the smartest combination of greater surveillance and tougher laws on the one hand -- and prevention and community outreach on the other ? De-radicalization programs , such as those in the UK and Canada , have recognized the importance of identifying such individuals before they can do harm . The "  Channel " scheme in the UK includes behavioral therapy , education and jobs training , and drug rehabilitation to help at-risk individuals , and frequently links them with role models . It has taken 4,000 referrals since its inception in 2007 . Canada has developed a series describing real stories of radicalization that are used "  to initiate conversations with community groups . " But as Public Safety Canada acknowledges in its latest report "  family members , peers , religious and community figures , teachers and medical and social service providers are crucial partners in recognizing and responding to the subtle indicators of radicalization . " Even so , "  early intervention through a joint community/law enforcement response is no guarantee that a person will not radicalize to violence , " Public Safety Canada concluded . Analysis of such de-radicalization programs is in its infancy ; the so-called lone wolves rarely appear on authorities ' radar . "  The problem is the type of people who are ready to engage in these  programs  probably are n't the people that the government is most worried about , " criminologist Andrew Silke wrote in The Daily Telegraph last month . There is also argument about whether these programs should be aimed at de-radicalizing  changing someone 's beliefs  or more limited disengagement  preventing them from carrying out violence . Zehaf-Bibeau appears to have been enraged by the Canadian and Libyan governments ' refusal to grant him a passport . But three years ago , after being charged with robbery , he asked a court to send him to jail for a year to help him kick his addiction to crack cocaine . A psychiatrist said he was fit to face trial , but Zehaf-Bibeau was sentenced to just one day in jail . His addiction , anxiety and extreme religiosity became a toxic combination -- but the only intervention appears to have been the denial of a passport . Prevention and outreach vs. detention , increased surveillance In some countries community leaders fear the balance is tipping more toward surveillance and tougher laws , to the neglect of prevention programs and community outreach . The Australian Parliament is debating measures this week that would extend preventive detention and allow police to secretly search properties before notifying the target . Kuranda Seyit , director of the Forum on Australia 's Islamic Relations , told the Sydney University journal Honi Soit recently : "  The government has not made an effort to understand why young people have these ideas and thoughts . They 've created this invisible war and invisible threat that will continue forever . " The British government has abandoned most of the ambitious Prevent program launched in 2005 to "  increase the resilience of communities to violent extremism " -- the hearts and minds outreach  after groups that were funded ended up being taken over by extremists  and opted for a greater reliance on law enforcement . It is introducing tougher laws to confiscate the passports of those seen as "  would-be " jihadists as well as to force terror suspects to join a de-radicalization program . James Brandon at the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation and Political Violence wrote in War on the Rocks last month that "  the UK has effectively given up trying to stop jihadists from being created . Instead resources are being focused on trying to catch jihadists before they can strike . " To Brandon , "  this is an admission of a grave defeat . " But given resource-stretched governments -- scarred by the unpopularity of controversial outreach programs and struggling to keep tabs on "  extremist travelers " to Syria and Iraq -- are increasingly reaching for law enforcement tools to prevent terror coming to their cities , tracking the "  lone wolves " is unlikely to get any easier .	Like many "  lone wolf " terrorists , Ottawa gunman was alienated drifter who converted to Islam Conversion to militant Islam is often about seeking identity , purpose or adventure Some countries have tried "  de-radicalization " programs to help prevent violence But with resources stretched thin , the focus is often on increased law enforcement
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- There 's no doubt that Iran 's election will be a major test for incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . But many Iranian women hope the results will also shake the current status of women in the Islamic republic . Zahra Rahnavard , wife of Iranian candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , has taken a visible role in the campaign . "  Thirty-four million women demand to have female Cabinet ministers ; 34 million women demand to be eligible to run for president , " Zahra Rahnavard , wife of reformist candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  Thirty-four million women want the civil law to be revised ; 34 million women want the family law revised . " Whether her husband wins or loses Friday , Rahnavard has broken barriers for women just by appearing on the campaign trail with her husband , a rarity for political wives in Iran . "  We look at her , and we say , ` We want to be like her in the future , ' " said Shakiba Shakerhosseie , an Iranian woman who packed into Tehran 's indoor Azadi  Freedom  sports stadium along with nearly 12,000 others to hear Rahnavard speak in March . Rahnavard is a mother of three , as well as an accomplished artist and academic . She has been compared to first ladies in the United States , including Michelle Obama , for her visible role in her husband 's quest for the presidency . "  I am here to say that men and women are equal , " Rahnavard said . Iran became an Islamic republic in 1979 after the ruling monarchy was overthrown and Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was forced into exile . The revolution also ended the ceremonial role of first lady that the last queen , Farah , enjoyed . More women than men have voted in the past few elections , and Rahnavard has made a promise to her female supporters that their vote will count this time if Moussavi wins . "  We have made this promise to the women , and we will stand by it , " she said . Iranian women remain second-class citizens in criminal matters , divorce , child custody and inheritance cases , despite making up 65 percent of university students . Ahmadinejad 's fundamentalist government has tried to make it easier for men to take more than one wife while restricting public sector careers for women . This year , for the first time , the Guardian Council announced that a woman could legally be among the final candidate list . Out of the 42 women who registered , however , none was ultimately allowed to stand . Even Zahra Eshraghi , granddaughter of revolutionary leader Ayatollah Khomeini , was banned from running for parliament as a reformist . "  For Ahmadinejad 's government , women are just living things , " Eshraghi said . "  A woman is there to fill her husband 's stomach and raise children . " Watch one analyst talk about women in Ahmadinejad 's Iran " Moussavi is not the only candidate calling for a stronger role for women in Iran . Mehdi Karroubi , the only cleric in the presidential race , has promised to campaign for women 's rights . Hard-line conservative candidate Mohsen Rezaie also said he would have female ministers if he wins the election . Political science professor Mohammad Marandi downplayed Rahnavard 's impact on the outcome of Friday 's election . He said she may win over reformists and women , but what will win the election is a solution to the floundering economy and a strong performance in the debates . iReport.com : Iranians rally in large numbers "  If Ahmadinejad does well in the debates , I do n't think anyone will be able to defeat him , " Marandi said . But try selling that to Rahnavard 's enthusiastic supporters . "  This is the first time after the revolution we see a lady behind the president , " Farhad Mahmoudi said . "  And this is why we 're so happy , because we can have a first lady . " CNN 's Reza Sayah and Christiane Amanpour contributed to this report	Candidate 's wife has broken barriers by appearing on campaign trail She vows that women 's vote will count if her husband wins Most Iranian university students are women , but they are second-class citizens Cleric running for president has also promised to boost women 's rights
CNN  -- They were the liars . The "  trolls . " The bitter , vindictive and jealous . They were Lance Armstrong 's first and fiercest critics , frequently castigated by the once-dominant athlete and celebrity cancer survivor , shunned by sponsors , race organizers and many of the cyclist 's loyal followers . Now , on the cusp of the broadcast of an interview in which Armstrong is said to finally acknowledge what he had fiercely denied for years -- that he used performance-enhancing substances -- they are finally feeling vindicated . "  He was Tony Soprano , " author Dan Coyle , who wrote a book about Armstrong , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  When you crossed him , he cut you dead . You were gone . The question is , is he going to apologize to the people he hurt along the way ? " Former Armstrong teammate Frankie Andreu also talked about Armstrong 's wrath "  Anybody that crossed his path or did n't go along with his plan , he set out to take them down . And he was very powerful and influential and did take them down , " Andreu told ESPN radio host Colin Cowherd on Tuesday . Interview wo n't reduce sanctions "  So it 's kind of a big turnaround , it 's a big surprise now with him going on ` Oprah ' and supposedly admitting to doping during his career , which of course he 's always denied , " Andreu said . Winfrey , appearing on "  CBS This Morning , " appeared to confirm media reports Tuesday that Armstrong acknowledged using performance enhancing substances in his interview with her . She did n't reveal details of his statements , which will run on her OWN cable network and on the Internet on two nights beginning Thursday . Armstrong has long denied using performance enhancers during what had been a record-setting cycling career . But in a scathing report last year , the U.S. Anti Doping Agency accused him of being at the heart of a sophisticated doping program . Andreu and his wife , Betsy , say they fell into disfavor with Armstrong after testifying in an arbitration case filed against Armstrong by a company seeking to avoid paying out bonuses to him for race victories during which he was accused of doping . In their testimony , they told of a 1996 incident in an Indianapolis hospital room in which , they said , Armstrong told doctors treating him for cancer that he had taken a variety of performance enhancing drugs . Public takes shots at Armstrong in advance of interview "  After that , it was all-out attack , war on my wife and I , " Andreu told Cowherd . "  They ripped us apart . I lost a lot of jobs , lost a lot of money . It 's been a very long , long fight . Now things are changing . " Betsy Andreu said she was pressured to sign a statement disavowing the story , and when she refused , she was "  vilified . " "  I became , in Lance 's words , ` bitter ' and ` vindictive ' and ` jealous , ' " she said in an affidavit included in the USADA report . She recently told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that her husband 's career fell apart and the couple felt intimidated . The claims , the attacks , the legacy : 12 Lance Armstrong quotes to know "  If he wants to send a message and bully you , he can intimidate you and be very , very mean , " she said . She said she was n't sure what to make of Armstrong 's pending acknowledgment . "  The person you see is the image he wants you to see , " she said . "  He 's a chameleon . " Other Armstrong critics also are likely to be watching the interview closely . Armstrong 's former masseuse and personal assistant , Emma O'Reilly , told CNN last year that she went through "  two and a half to three years of hell " after first speaking out about doping . "  I got subpoenaed , I got ... kind of ostracized . And just the stress levels , " she said . " ... And all for telling the truth . As well as feeling feelings of guilt because I knew then that there were certain people now who would not speak to me again , and have never spoken to me again , and it 's a shame because I lost those friendships . " Reports : Armstrong admits to Oprah he cheated during cycling career Former Armstrong teammate Tyler Hamilton also accused Armstrong and others in cycling of intimidating him into staying quiet about his own doping , which he finally admitted in 2011 . "  I believed that was my only way back into the sport , " he said . "  It is a bit of a mafia . It 's a powerful group . You can say the wrong thing , and next thing you know . ... " Another former teammate , Paul Willerton , said redemption will be tough for Armstrong to earn . "  When you sue people that you know are telling the truth , that is really difficult to forgive , " he said . David Walsh , a British journalist who co-wrote a book that detailed the allegations against Armstrong , said a confession "  wo n't be enough . " "  He 's got to make reparations to the people he wronged . He 's got a lot of apologizing to do , " Walsh said . Walsh 's book prominently featured O'Reilly 's accounts of doping in the cycling world . Armstrong later sued over the book , including a libel lawsuit against The Sunday Times , which published excerpts . The Times is now suing to recover the settlement it paid Armstrong in the case . How Armstrong will make money now "  My feeling is that he came forward because he 's been in a pretty bad place since the truth has emerged , and the only way that he can rebuild to begin his life is to make a full confession of all the things he did , " Walsh said . Unlike some of the other critics , Walsh said he did n't feel any vindication at Armstrong 's expected about-face . But he said he feels "  tremendous satisfaction for the people who helped me , " people he said told the truth "  at great cost to themselves . " "  They were vilified . Their characters were assassinated , and they were in a bad place , " he said . "  Betsy Andreu has said she spent 13 years telling people she was n't a liar , and that 's a very difficult place to be . " Next month , Walsh will have the catbird seat when he takes part in a university symposium in Leeds , United Kingdom . There he 'll discuss his years of reporting on Armstrong , reporting that appears to have finally caught up with the onetime star . The event is called , simply , "  The Pursuit of Lance Armstrong . " Willerton , Armstrong 's former teammate , says he 's just glad the truth appears to be finally coming out . "  We have Lance Armstrong versus cancer . We had Lance Armstrong versus everyone in the Tour de France . But Lance Armstrong versus the truth ? That 's one that he really could n't win in the end . " Opinion round-up : Give Lance another chance ?	A confession "  wo n't be enough " for Armstrong , author says Critics have accused Lance Armstrong of bullying them for years Now , Armstrong is said to acknowledge doping in a television interview "  It 's kind of a big turnaround , " a former teammate tells ESPN
President George H.W. Bush appointed me as the nation 's first director of national drug control policy -- or "  drug czar " -- in 1989 . We took on many big fights , the largest of which was the cocaine epidemic spreading from the jungles of Colombia to the streets of the United States . We conducted an all-out assault on drugs through tough enforcement measures and public education . Contrary to "  war on drugs " critics , drug use and addiction dropped across the country . The issue of marijuana legalization was far less prominent than it is today , although even then , some argued that we should experiment with legalization . I told them not on my watch ; the cost to society would be too great . If you do n't want to take my word that it can be harmful , perhaps you 'll take Lady Gaga 's . In a recent interview , the world-famous pop star admitted she was heavily addicted to marijuana . "  I have been addicted to it and it 's ultimately related to anxiety coping and it 's a form of self-medication and I was smoking up to 15 or 20 marijuana cigarettes a day with no tobacco , " she said . "  I was living on a totally other psychedelic plane , numbing myself completely . " Lady Gaga said she was speaking out to bust the myth that marijuana is just a harmless plant . "  I just want young kids to know that you actually can become addicted to it , and there 's this sentiment that you ca n't and that 's actually not true . " Today a fully functioning experiment in legal marijuana for adults is going on in Colorado and another one is set to begin later this year in Washington . Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis once remarked that in our democratic Republic , the states are the laboratories of democracy . We are running a few labs now and shall see what happens . But , as with any public debate , we need to hear all sides . So far , the advocates of marijuana legalization have dominated the public arena . It 's certainly had an effect . According to a new CNN poll , a majority of Americans support legalizing marijuana . But where are the voices of the wounded ? Where is the outrage from the families who have been hurt ? We know they are out there . More Americans are admitted to treatment facilities for marijuana use than any other illegal drug . I 've talked to parents all over the country who lost children to drug abuse -- not to marijuana alone ; though in many cases it was a gateway drug or part of their deadly drug concoction . People have been deeply hurt by drug related accidents or spent thousands of dollars on drug rehabilitation . We need to hear their voices . During my tenure as drug czar , I traveled to more than 120 communities to see firsthand the impact of illegal drugs . Among those visits was a trip to Boston to take part in drug busts in some of the city 's most broken and dangerous neighborhoods . Not once during that visit did a parent or community leader advocate for legalization or loosening drug restrictions . Rather , they wanted the drugs confiscated and drug dealers locked up . They knew the damage drugs had inflicted on their children and communities . That same evening Harvard University held a discussion on drugs and law enforcement . There I listened to scores of academics argue for legalizing or decriminalizing drugs . It 's hardly an exercise in intellectual rigor for those in the middle - and upper-class who live in areas with little crime and violence to be willing to experiment with drug legalization . They live far removed from the realities of the drug trade . But travel to its core , to the slums and projects run by ruthless drug dealers , and these intellectuals may rethink their position . It 's a myth that marijuana , because it is not as harmful as cocaine , heroin or some other illegal hard drugs , is safe or safe enough to warrant legalization . Opponents contest that marijuana has n't ravaged communities or that the drug itself is n't to blame . But that 's not true . It 's ravaged the community of the young . Marijuana is the most widely used drug in the country , especially among young people . According to the 2012 National Survey on Drug Use and Health , "  of the 7.3 million persons aged 12 or older classified with illicit drug dependence or abuse in 2012 , 4.3 million persons had marijuana dependence or abuse , " making marijuana the drug with the largest number of people with dependence or abuse . The medical community has warned about the danger . A recent Northwestern University study found that marijuana users have abnormal brain structure and poor memory and that chronic marijuana abuse may lead to brain changes resembling schizophrenia . The study also reported that the younger the person starts using marijuana , the worse the effects become . In its own report arguing against marijuana legalization , the American Medical Association said : "  Heavy cannabis use in adolescence causes persistent impairments in neurocognitive performance and IQ , and use is associated with increased rates of anxiety , mood and psychotic thought disorders . " The country can ill-afford a costly experiment with drugs . While we are undergoing a national debate over improving health care costs and education performance , legalizing marijuana will undercut those vital missions . We will wait and see what Colorado 's and Washington 's experiments hold , but I expect that after several years , we will see marijuana use rise dramatically , even among adolescents . The states will come to regret their decisions . As the late , great political scientist James Q. Wilson remarked , "  The central problem with legalizing drugs is that it will increase drug consumption " -- and all its inherent harm .	William Bennett , nation 's first "  drug czar , " believes legal marijuana is bad for society Bennett says Lady Gaga agrees that pot is addictive and not just a harmless plant Bennett : Medical studies find chronic use leads to abnormal brain structure , bad memory Bennett : Colorado and Washington will come to regret decision to legalize pot for adults
CNN  -- Ethiopia 's prime minister is "  recovering well , " a spokesman said Wednesday , amid frenzied speculation about the health of the usually visible leader , who has not appeared in public for two months . Prime Minister Meles Zenawi , 57 , came to power two decades ago and is considered a strong force in the frequently volatile horn of Africa . He has not appeared in public since June , and the secretive nation has released little information about his whereabouts , prompting rumors and opposition claims that he is dead or facing a life-threatening illness . After weeks of speculation , the government held a news conference last month and announced he got treatment for an unspecified illness . Zenawi is "  recovering well , resting and performing his duties as prime minister and head of state , " government spokesman Bereket Simon reiterated Wednesday . He declined to give exact details on Zenawi 's whereabouts or the nature of his illness . His absence has been a hot topic in the nation , with bloggers launching a counter of the number of days he 's been missing . Citizens have taken to social media to discuss his whereabouts and exchange conspiracy theories . Searches for Zenawi are at their highest since 2004 , according to Google trends . "  Ethiopians are a bit confused , " said Endalk Hailemichael , 30 , of Addis Ababa . "  In Ethiopia , there are traditions of secrecy and hiding the whereabouts of leaders . People are afraid , there is a lot of uncertainty looming . A lot of rumors and unclear information going on . " Hailemichael said the disappearance has sparked a lot of questions , including who would succeed him in case of a power vacuum . But most people are discussing it with fear of repercussions , he said . CNN reached several people in the nation who expressed their concerns about his whereabouts , but did not want to be quoted for fear of retribution . "  People are afraid to talk about it . This is a police state , " Hailemichael said . "  They are talking about it , but they are looking over their shoulders . In bars , in taxis , coffee shops , that 's all people are talking about . But they are afraid . " His absence was more evident last month when Ethiopia hosted an African Union summit in its capital of Addis Ababa . Zenawi , a key player in talks on the tensions between Sudan and its rival neighbor South Sudan , did not attend . "  Some people are worried , some people are crying , " said Jomanex Kassaye , 30 , who lives near Addis Ababa . "  While some people are worried about the instability that might occur ... others are happy that he may be gone . " Kassaye said , while he is not a fan of the leader , he wants him to leave through a democratic process . "  I need him to go because there is no democracy , no freedom of speech , no food , no justice , no accountability , " he said . "  But not like this . If he leaves like this , we will have another dictator who will take over power and stay for too long . " Ethiopia , which is a key Western ally often lauded for effective use of aid money , is surrounded by unstable nations such as Somalia and Sudan . Zenawi has been credited with working toward peace and security in the region . The Ethiopian army has sent peacekeepers to battle Islamic extremist group Al-Shabaab in Somalia . More recently , the prime minister was working to broker a peace deal in the negotiations between Sudan and South Sudan , which split last year but still have unresolved issues . In an attempt to quash the rumors , the government censored a newspaper that tried to report information about his health , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists . "  This weekend , the government ordered the state-run printing company not to produce the latest edition of the weekly Feteh , which was to have carried front-page coverage of Zenawi 's condition , " the media advocacy group said on its website . Zenawi , a former guerrilla leader , is part of a group that toppled dictator Haile Mengustu Mariam in 1991 . The shrewd politician is credited with economic progress and maintaining peace in the nation surrounded by volatile countries . However , human rights groups have accused his government of a heavy hand and a series of abuses , including limiting press freedoms and cracking down on opposition political parties . Last year , Ethiopia found two Swedish journalists guilty of supporting terrorism and sentenced them to 11 years .	Prime Minister Meles Zenawi has not appeared in public since June A government spokesman says he is recovering after undergoing treatment The spokesman declines to specify his location or the nature of his illness Rumors swirl as the opposition claims that he is dead
CNN  -- At least three people died on a dust-covered stretch of highway Monday when at least 19 vehicles collided in a series of accidents because of poor visibility , a spokesman for the Arizona Department of Public Safety said . Bart Graves said 12 other people were injured -- many of them seriously -- during the dust-storm-induced series of pileups that were flagged to CNN by Twitter . Six tractor-trailers , one motor home and a dozen cars and trucks were involved in one of the wrecks on Interstate 10 near Picacho Peak . That included one semi with its nose smashed back to the windshield . Another trailer appeared to have a car wedged underneath . A pickup truck lay on its side ahead of the main entanglement of crashed commercial trucks and cars . At least two helicopter crews were summoned to deal with the injured , authorities said . Westbound traffic bewteen mile posts 214 and 216 was being rerouted from the three-lane wide stretch to an adjacent side road . Other drivers were warned to avoid the area , because the highway will be closed for some time .	Three dead , 12 injured in series of crashes Some people are airlifted from the scene Accident happens on Interstate 10 between mile posts 214 and 216
CNN  -- Thousands of African migrants cram into Rabin Square in Tel Aviv , Israel , calling for a labor strike . Their chants fill the air , summing up their message : "  We need asylum . " Activists estimate more than 50,000 migrants work illegally in low-paying jobs in Israel . Many are fleeing persecution from war-torn areas like Sudan and Eritrea . The threat to their lives pushes them to undertake the dangerous journey via smugglers ' routes to Israel . A vast majority cross the Sinai Peninsula , known for being a hotbed of kidnapping and organ harvesting . Once across the border in Israel , they try to claim asylum . "  All of us are fleeing genocide , fleeing dictatorship regimes . Looking for protection , " says the African Refugee Development Center 's Mutasim Ali , who came to Israel from Darfur . "  A migrant  does n't care where he gets it . We know it 's too difficult to cross the border making our way to Israel , but that 's the only option at the time . " The asylum seekers complain that the Israeli government is n't viewing their goal as legitimate , but rather sees them as migrant workers . "  The Israeli government leaves them in limbo from one side . The Israeli government calls them infiltrators , that they came here for work and that they are all criminals , " says Orit Marom of ASSAF , Aid Organization for Refugees and Asylum Seekers . "  On the other side , they never check their asylum requests . " The Israeli government refers to the asylum seekers as illegal migrants who are in the country to work . They blame them for an increase in crime and say they threaten Israel 's internal security . The government says it is increasing the number of security personnel to combat the crime . They are also giving refugee seekers willing to voluntarily return to their home countries a cash incentive of $ 3,500 . But if that does n't work , then the government says they 'll deport them . "  We are determined to deport the tens of thousands of illegal migrants who are here after having reduced the number of illegal labor migrants who enter Israel 's cities , " said Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu last November during his weekly Cabinet meeting . "  The steps that we unanimously approved today are proportionate and necessary for maintaining the Jewish and democratic character of the state and will restore security to Israel 's citizens while upholding the directives of the High Court of Justice and international law . " Basow Ibrahim gave up being a rebel in Sudan 's Nuba Mountains over a year ago . While fighting the Khartoum government , he said , he realized there was more to life . "  I 'm here because I want to protect myself . I want to save my life , " Ibrahim said . "  I want to finish my education . " Ibrahim 's story is similar to that of many refugee seekers . They say they plan to return home to their families and friends once the threat to their lives is gone . Until that day comes , they say they hope Israel will keep them safe by granting them asylum .	African migrants call for a labor strike in Tel Aviv They ask Israel 's government to grant them asylum The government offers the migrants cash incentives to return home Officials call them illegal migrants and blame them for an increase in crime
CNN  -- When Nucky Thompson shot Jimmy Darmody point blank in the head in last season 's finale of "  Boardwalk Empire , " viewers were shocked : How could a father figure kill his surrogate son ? But this is the land of gangsters and bootleggers , and blood is n't the currency here -- it 's alcohol . That episode , "  To The Lost , " nabbed an Emmy nomination for director Tim Van Patten  amongst its many other nods , including best drama and best actor for Steve Buscemi  , but it also signified a tonal shift in how the characters on this Prohibition-era drama would operate in the next season , which kicks off Sunday , September 16 on HBO : no more Mr. Nice Guy . As the show jumps ahead to New Year 's Eve in 1922 , "  the stakes are higher , " said showrunner Terence Winter . "  The '20s had really started to roar , so it 's when radio was everywhere , music made the charts , and the flapper as we know her started to come out , " Winter said . "  The economy had started to boom , which lead to young people buying cars and traveling more from home . And while a lot of people had stockpiled alcohol , by 1923 , they were running out , so there was a lot more competition  in bootlegging  and it became a lot more violent . It 's the era of the Tommy-gun . " So while Nucky survived an attempted coup on his market share last season , in order to stay on top , he has to try new strategies , which includes streamlining -- instead of selling to multiple buyers , he wants to sell to only one -- and those cut out of the supply line are none too pleased , including a hot-tempered new antagonist named Gyp Rosetti , played by Bobby Cannavale . "  A guy like that , he 's got such a hair trigger , you could end up dead over something you said that you did n't even know was taken as an insult , " Winter said . "  There 's an upcoming line where Nucky says , ` Gyp Rosetti can find an insult in a bouquet of roses . ' " The audience 's introduction to Rosetti comes when he has car trouble , and he requires assistance to fix his tire from a helpful stranger who is out walking his dog to fix his tire . The pooch plays a role in what follows and it 's the type of touch that may give audiences some pretty good insight into Rosetti 's character . "  It 's a very funny idea , " Cannavale said . "  You get to see guys like Nucky who are more professional in the way they go about their work , and this guy , it seems like he might be in the wrong profession , you know ? He 's got a lot of zingers , which is good , because that 's how I 'm like in real life . My favorite line is when I call Steve  Buscemi  ' a breadstick with a bow tie . ' " Nucky takes that one in stride , for now -- but he 's not too keen on taking any guff from his wife Margaret anymore , as he 's not about to forgive her actions last season , when she signed over a tract of land he bought between Atlantic City and Philadelphia to the Catholic Church shortly after their wedding ceremony . Their union is now a shaky one , and Margaret finds herself in a tricky position . "  I 'm just delighted that she 's not passive anymore , " said Kelly Macdonald , who plays Margaret . "  She knows how to look after herself , and she 's becoming stronger . She 's very complex . You never quite know where she 's going to go next . " Married or not , Nucky shares his bed with new flapper/showgirl Billy Kent , played by Meg Steele . "  She 's a fun girl , " Steele said of her character . "  The flappers were n't feminists , but they were enjoying the new-found feminism . So she 's living life to the fullest , and she has her own apartment , her own life . She 's not as needy as  Nucky 's former mistress  Lucy was . " Speaking of Lucy , Winter said it 's "  a long shot " that we 'll see her again , even if her child is now being raised by Michael Shannon 's character . The disgraced Prohibition agent Nelson Van Alden is now living under an assumed name as a door-to-door salesman in Cicero , Illinois , which puts him in proximity with Al Capone 's power base . "  I do n't have a gun , and I do n't make whiskey in my bathtub , so I do n't identify with these people much ! " Shannon laughed . "  But Van Alden is still in hiding . " "  He 's constantly dealing with the fact that he could be caught , arrested , and sent to jail for the rest of his life , " the actor added . "  He 's got a family to take care of . And he lost a pretty good job , so now he 's faced with a pretty harsh economic reality , because it 's a hard time to make a living and support yourself . I do n't think he can really see himself as a lawman anymore . " Like Cannavale 's character , Van Alden is now in a position that 's ripe for both tragedy and comedy , particularly when he accidentally walks into a turf war between Capone and Dean O'Banion , a real-life adversary of Capone 's who also worked as a florist . "  Even if the storyline is dark or something bad happens , it does n't mean it 's not fun to do it , " Shannon said . "  But Van Alden is never going to have an easy time on this show . That 's not why he 's on the show . He 's a tragic character , and the tragedy is going to unfold . " Still reeling from their own personal tragedy , in the aftermath of the deaths of both Jimmy and Angela Darmody , Gillian Darmody and Richard Harrow are raising Tommy Darmody together . This is not without some tension , since Gillian wants to be considered Tommy 's mother , not his grandmother , while Richard tries to help the boy remember Angela . "  I 've become the surrogate au pair , for a lot of it , " said Jack Huston , who plays Harrow . "  I would think Angela would want Tommy to be very far away from Gillian and the kind of opportunities of what that show is about , " laughed Aleksa Palladino , who played Angela . "  Richard is the better parent for Tommy . " But Gillian being Gillian , has always got a scheme up her sleeve . "  For her , it 's about power , " said Gretchen Moll . "  It 's really fun , because that 's not where I love . I 'm not really an angry person . But she 's trying to figure out her next move . It comes out as the season unfolds . " Could that mean a revenge plot against Nucky for killing Jimmy and leaving his son an orphan ? An alliance between Van Alden and Al Capone ? Who will be in power and who will die ? The cast wo n't reveal trade secrets , but they all hint the new season will be more explosive than the last . "  It 's an amazing time for TV drama , " showrunner Winter said . "  It 's daunting to even think we 're competing against "  Breaking Bad , " "  Homeland , " "  Downton Abbey , " "  Game of Thrones , " and "  Mad Men " in any category , let alone best drama . It 's thrilling , and I do n't even mean to sound humble . " "  Was I disappointed about Michael ? Winter said , referring to Michael Pitt , who did n't get nominated for his portrayal of Jimmy Darmody . Yes , because he was terrific , but who knows how this works ? And we have an amazing supportive cast -- Michael K. Williams , Michael Shannon , Michael Stuhlbarg , any other Michael on the show . And you do n't have to be named Michael to be on the show anymore . You can be named Bobby . "	"  Boardwalk Empire " returns on Sunday on HBO "  To The Lost , " nabbed an Emmy nomination for director Tim Van Patten Winter : As the show jumps to New Year 's Eve in 1922 , "  the stakes are higher "
On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . This week , King traveled to Virginia looking at the health of the Chesapeake Bay . The crab population in the Chesapeake Bay is no longer as abundant as it once was . CAPE CHARLES , Virginia  CNN  -- It is just after first light , and Don Pierce gently eases the Bri-Steff off the pier at Cape Charles harbor . "  You 're sure you want to do this ? " he asks a visitor with a whimsical smile . It is the last time the word "  gently " will come to mind this day . His closest crab pot is nearly five miles out into Chesapeake Bay , and the bouncing -- and rocking -- starts just seconds after passing the mouth of the protected harbor . The Bri-Steff -- named after Pierce 's two children -- Brian and Steffanie -- is the only boat braving the rough waters on this morning . On a scale of 1 to 10 -- with 10 being as rough as he dare venture out in -- Pierce scores this morning "  about a 9 1/2 . " Pierce has been working these waters since he was a teenager . Forty-eight years now -- already eight years ' experience under his belt when the world marked the first Earth Day in April 1970 . This year is the 40th anniversary , and Pierce is downbeat when assessing the health of the environmental treasure he loves -- and on which he depends for his livelihood . "  Too much phosphorous , too much fertilizer , too much untreated waste , " Pierce says . Where does it come from ? "  We the people that live in the Chesapeake watershed mainly . We the people , " he says . "  Save the Bay " has been the region 's environmental cause for decades now . Pierce is both a believer and a skeptic . "  Where is that money going ? I mean , you know there is lots of money being donated to help her , but she 's still going downhill . You know , if we were to get a catastrophic storm like a Katrina , she might never recover . You know , that 's how bad she is . " The swells exceed 7 feet as we make our way to harvest the pots , and at times the winds and the waves combine to toss the boat like a toy . The bags of razor clams on the deck are bait this time of year -- a few scoops added to each of the pots pulled from the floor of the still-frigid bay waters . After pulling five pots , Pierce has all the evidence he needs to know the cold rains of the previous day have the crabs dormant . "  You and I wear sweatshirts and hunker down , " he says in the ship 's cabin -- messy because the waves have already dumped the pans off the small stove and sent other small equipment and supplies flying . "  When it is this cold down there , they hibernate . " Pierce lives and works most of the year in the northern Chesapeake Bay . But he is here near its southern tip because it gets warmer here a bit earlier , and the warmer the water , the more feisty -- and active -- are the blue crabs for which the bay is famous . Pierce loves his work -- and is good at it . With just one crew member this day -- in part because he knew the weather meant a relatively short day and in part to leave enough room for a CNN crew -- Pierce leaves the cabin to help harvest the crabs . He spots his buoys and uses a hook to find the rope and wrap it into the winch . Harvey Brown grabs each mesh pot as the winch pulls it out of the water , and methodically packs in more bait , shakes out the crabs into a box on deck , sorts the males from the females , tosses those too small to keep back into the bay and then drops the pot for its journey back to the bottom . Tough work in extreme elements , magnified this day by rough seas that repeatedly send water over the side and the stern onto the deck . After just a little more than a bushel , Pierce decides it is best to call it a day . We have been out in the bay for about two hours and have not seen another boat . Today , it is the combination of bad weather and the early season . But Pierce takes the longer view , remembering when he left his early work on the docks for work on the waters . "  When I started in the late '60s , there was commercial rock fishing , there was clamming , there was oystering , crabbing , " he says . "  Twenty years ago , you had striped bass and you had oysters , clamming . " Most of that is gone , Pierce says , and for all the commitment to "  Save the Bay " he is of the view little progress has been made , and that development on the shoreline , population growth in the area and runoff from area farms and lawns have greatly outpaced conservation and restoration efforts . "  It is going to take a long while , " Pierce says . "  It took 100 years to get this way ; it is going to take sizable amounts of years to bring her back . " Those who watch the bay share his assessment . The annual report by the Chesapeake Bay Foundation gave the bay a score of 28 on a scale of 100 . Or , on a school grading system , a "  D " -- the same grade as in 2007 . A 70 score would mean restoration of its health and habitats ; a 100 would mean a pristine bay with no water quality or fishery health issues . Tommy Leggett , a bay foundation scientist and onetime waterman , says by appearances alone , the southern portions of the bay are doing better . "  This is a pretty , relatively clean area , " Leggett says during a waterside stroll in Norfolk . "  But overall there is still a lot of problems with the bay from runoff , from ... sewage from sewage treatment plants , agricultural runoff . The bay is slowly improving but not at a fast enough rate , especially considering that we have been working at this for several decades now , actually 30 or 40 years . So I would say that the bay is not winning . " Pierce sees the algae blooms and grasses cited in the report as he travels a 190-mile stretch over the spring , summer and fall . And he sees a way of life struggling to survive . "  There used to be 60 to 70 boats out of my little town , " he says . "  Now there are 20 . My grandsons will not be watermen . I have got a son that is a waterman and has to work damn hard to be that waterman . So grandsons want to go , but they are not going . "  It 's very hard on relationships also . You know , that 's a tough thing . Are you going to pay the mortgage , or are you going to stay home and get so far in debt that you might lose everything that you have got , you know , to the bank ? And the banks do n't want these boats , you know , but they want to see you make it . But it is a very tough way of life now . " He breaks down the job 's tough math -- grateful , mind you , that fuel is about $ 2 a gallon this spring -- half of what it was last year . "  If you come in with say 25 bushels of crabs , that makes you , say , $ 1,000 . It still costs you $ 400 to $ 500 a day to untie her to go . If you got help , you have those expenditures . And if you do n't have good production , and low prices , there is no profit . " And if Pierce could do one thing ? "  Just give the Chesapeake Bay back her 1970 water quality , and we will have plenty of crabs , and plenty of oysters , and plenty of rockfish , and we will have a good style of life again , you know . If we could get our regulators to work that out ... to improve our water quality -- the Chesapeake Bay could heal herself . But she 's , she 's dying daily . "	Efforts are under way to save the Chesapeake Bay 's economy , environment Waterman Don Pierce has been working the bay for 48 years Shoreline development has outpaced conservation , restoration efforts , Pierce says "  She 's dying daily , " he says of Chesapeake Bay
CNN  -- The World Health Organization raised the swine flu alert Thursday to its highest level , saying the H1N1 virus has spread to enough countries to be considered a global pandemic . Kindergarten students , some wearing masks , attend school in a residential estate in Hong Kong on Thursday . Increasing the alert to Phase 6 does not mean that the disease is deadlier or more dangerous than before , just that it has spread to more countries , the WHO said . "  This is an important and challenging day for all of us , " WHO Director General Margaret Chan said in a briefing with reporters . "  We are moving into the early days of the first flu pandemic of the 21st century . " The last previous pandemic occurred in 1968 . As of Thursday , the virus had spread to 74 countries , the health agency said . There were 28,774 confirmed cases and 144 deaths . The United States had 13,217 cases and 27 deaths , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said June 5 in its weekly update . Cases have been reported in all 50 states , the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico . See where H1N1 flu cases are in the U.S. " The U.S. death toll is expected be higher when the CDC releases its latest figures Friday , said Anne Schuchat , director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . New England -- particularly Massachusetts -- and the New York and New Jersey areas have been hit the hardest , Schuchat said Thursday at a CDC news conference . The Phase 6 pandemic designation had been widely expected for weeks . "  Further spread is considered inevitable , " Chan said at a news conference at WHO headquarters in Geneva , Switzerland . "  The scientific criteria for an influenza pandemic have been met . " The announcement came after a meeting of the WHO 's Emergency Committee , which has debated since April whether the spread of a novel H1N1 flu virus was fast and widespread enough to warrant a Phase 6 designation . Phase 6 , Chan said , is meant as a signal to countries to recalibrate their strategies to minimize the harm from swine flu . In countries where the virus and the response to it are already widespread , it is not likely to mean significant changes , but Chan urged countries that have not seen cases , or seen only limited cases , to get ready . "  The virus is not stoppable , " she said . "  I would advise them to maintain vigilance , enhance surveillance and be prepared for the arrival of the novel H1N1 in their country . " The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Homeland Security said those agencies have been acting for weeks as if Phase 6 were already in effect and no additional measures would be put into effect . The United States declared a public health emergency April 26 . "  WHO continues to recommend no restriction on travel and on border closures , " Chan said . Discussions about shifting to Phase 6 have been under way for weeks . Chan indicated that a major factor in the decision was surveillance from countries in the Southern Hemisphere , where flu season is under way . In Chile and Australia , two countries with many flu cases , she said H1N1 appears to be the dominant strain , "  crowding out " the seasonal influenza virus . Chan said she would recommend that vaccine manufacturers proceed with mass production of an inoculation against the new swine flu strain as soon as they finish production of seasonal vaccine , which she estimated would be complete in about two weeks . HHS spokesman Bill Hall said Thursday that no decision has been made on full-scale production because there is no need yet to make that decision . It is a step-by-step process that is moving forward . "  We 're doing as much as we can now , " he said . The agency awarded a contract several weeks ago to five manufacturers to develop an H1N1 antigen . The companies are producing pilot lots . Clinical testing will take place over the summer , Hall said . At the end of the summer , HHS will decide whether to go into production . "  There 's no specific date on the calendar , " Hall said . If officials decide to produce a vaccine , the first doses would be ready early in the fall . Hall noted that even full-scale production does n't mean there will be an immunization campaign . Federal officials may have a vaccine and decide not to use it , he said . Also Thursday , authorities in Hong Kong ordered the closure of all elementary schools , kindergartens and day care centers in the city after 12 students were found to be infected with the virus . Authorities have not determined the source of the infection , said Hong Kong 's Chief Executive Donald Tsang . This makes it the first cluster of swine flu cases in the city without a link to someone who had traveled overseas . The schools and day care centers were told to close for 14 days as investigators tried to identify the source of the infection , said Tsang , the chief executive . The health department will decide after two weeks whether to continue the shutdown . Also on Thursday , Israel 's health ministry announced that the number of people diagnosed with swine flu there was 68 . Health officials use the virus ' clinical name -- H1N1 -- to reflect that it 's actually a combination of several different types of flu and to reduce confusion about whether eating pork can spread the virus . It can not . CNN 's David S. Martin , Roya Shadravan in Hong Kong , and Michal Zippori in Jerusalem contributed to this report .	Further spread of swine flu inevitable , World Health Organization says WHO calls H1N1 a global pandemic , raises alert to highest level U.N. agency says that does n't mean disease is worse , but that it 's in more countries Hong Kong orders closure of all elementary schools , kindergartens , day care centers
CNN  -- Apple learned an important lesson this week : Not everyone likes U2 . And even those who do really do n't like it when you put music in their libraries without asking . A week after giving away a U2 album to most iTunes users , Apple has announced a way for customers to get rid of it . The company released instructions on how to delete the album from an iCloud account , complete with a giant "  Remove Album " button . Somewhere , a single tear is rolling down Bono 's cheek . At the end of Apple 's iPhone and Apple Watch announcement last week , the company trotted out the rock supergroup to announce a major marketing collaboration . Is the Apple Watch a game changer ? Apple was giving away U2 's first new album in five years , "  Songs of Innocence , " to 500 million iTunes customers for free . It was a clever way to get more people to sign up for iTunes , and Apple even produced a special ad to promote the collaboration . Unfortunately , instead of just offering customers the option to download the album for free , Apple went ahead and gave it to them without asking . The album was dropped into the 500 million active iCloud accounts in 119 countries . The people who have their iTunes account set up to automatically download any purchases saw the files on their computers and mobile devices . Many complained that the way the album was distributed was invasive . It also came off as tone-deaf , since it happened so soon after iCloud 's security was scrutinized for its part in high-profile celebrity photo hacks . Apple spent up to $ 100 million on the U2 marketing campaign , according to The New York Times .	Apple has posted instructions for deleting the free U2 album from an iCloud account The company gave iTunes customers the album for free last week Many people were unhappy that the files were added to their accounts without permission
CNN  -- As a musician and social justice activist , online social media has helped Maria Isa sell more CDs and mobilize the growing number of Latinos in her home city of Minneapolis . Isa was n't surprised that a study published this summer said Hispanics are among the most active social media users . "  Social media is about accessibility for me , " Isa said . "  I can send information to my audience with the push of a button on my cell . I 'm able to expand my message of social justice in the Latino community and also my work and the works of others who network with me . " There 's a growing online audience of people of color . Latinos and African Americans are more than twice as likely to use Twitter as white non-Hispanics , according to the Pew Research Center 's Internet and American Life Project . Much of the reason ? Cell phones . Nearly 90 % of English speaking Hispanics use mobile devices . But New York Daily News columnist and author Juan Gonzalez said it 's an extension of Latino culture . "  I think there 's always been a tradition in the Latino culture , a tradition of word spreading news and information , gossip , word of mouth spreading , from family members to friends , neighbors of the same town or whatever , " Gonzalez said . The growing number of Latinos using social media is a reflection of broader demographic change in the United States . The U.S. Census Bureau estimates that America 's young people will become "  minority white " in 2023 , and by 2042 , the same will be true for adults . "  The youth population in America already looks like America will look in a few years . The youth have a stronger identity in their role and purpose , " Gonzalez said . "  They 're already acting out their new role in the country , even before they get to be adults . They 're already creating the new America through their involvement in social media . " Map how the United States is changing Gonzalez , who wrote about the Latino immigrant experience in "  Harvest of Empire : A History of Latinos in America , " said the success Latinas have online reflects their immigrant experiences . "  Generally speaking , Latina women tend to be more into sharing experiences , and good communicators , " Gonzalez said . "  I think this is representative of social media and what it represents . It 's basically a community talking to each other , spreading bits of information here and there . " Isa was born to Puerto Rican parents in Minneapolis . In her home , it was never a matter of if she was going to college , but where she would go . She chose Columbia College in Chicago , where she focused on social justice and groomed the message she wanted to convey as a musician . Eventually , she took her message online , using Twitter to promote her upcoming shows and projects . She noticed more people at her shows , sold more CDs and generated more traffic to her MySpace music page . In 2010 , she was honored by the National Hispana Leadership Institute and a local Univision affiliate . But things really took off when she discovered Latism -- Latinos in Social Media -- a group of like-minded "  gente " online . With Latism , she found a whole new community of people who would n't otherwise notice her work , she said . She was able to educate a larger audience online about what it means to be a Puerto Rican living in the Midwest . The online discussion helped prepare her to better educate her real-life community . Latism was founded in 2009 by Ana Roca-Castro , the chief executive of Premier Social Media . The group started with a simple tweet : "  Where are all my Latinos ? " More than 300 people responded . Now , the organization has grown to more than 140,000 members . "  What happened before , when all these online and social media things started , many people in our community felt like they were sending their thoughts into thin air , " said Elianne Ramos , the head of communications for the Washington-based organization . "  Through Latism , we give people a place to voice their opinions and talk about the issues that matter to them . A lot of the conversations we have online become initiatives . Our mission is civic empowerment and education . " Every two weeks , the organization is part of a group of 150 Hispanic community leaders on a White House conference call that gives guidance on how to handle issues in the Latino community , Ramos said . "  They explain to us what their plan is , with things like the jobs proposal or Hispanic Heritage Month , and then they take suggestions from us , " Ramos said . "  You can really say what you think and they really listen . And we always remember the community and keep the community in mind . " Isa said the high numbers of Latinos participating in social media has shown that the communities ' issues and passions are more diverse than many realize . "  We keep talking about the Latino community not being monolithic , and it 's not , " Isa said . "  What we 're seeing is that Latinos are beginning to embrace every aspect of what being a Latino is . " "  I 'm here to reflect the movement that has raised me and continues to happen now . Social media is the number one thing helping me lead that change . "	Study : Latino and black people more likely to use Twitter than non-Hispanic whites Latism are harnessing the power of the large Latino social networking community Latina rapper and activist : "  I can send information to my audience with the push of a button "
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese authorities announced murder charges Thursday against the wife of disgraced Communist Party figure Bo Xilai , a new step in a scandal China 's ruling hierarchy is scrambling to put behind them . Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , is accused of killing British businessman Neil Heywood in November , the state news agency Xinhua reported . Gu and a family aide have been accused of poisoning Heywood , who died in November . Heywood died in the southwestern Chinese metropolis of Chongqing , where Bo was the Communist Party chief and a rising star in the party -- the son of one of the "  eight immortals " of the revolution that created modern China . The case has forced the Communist leadership to confront allegations of wrongdoing by a high-ranking member in an unusually public way , said Douglas Paal , a top China analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington . "  The disruption of his departure from office and his wife 's crimes have made it difficult to present a facade of unity to their people , " Paal said . China 's internet ` battlefield ' over Bo That united front has been key to ruling China for 2,000 years , he said . The current generation of leaders has been particularly sensitive to maintaining it since 1989 , when the party hierarchy split over how to deal with the pro-democracy demonstrations in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square . Instead , the scandal surrounding Bo and his family "  showed what people suspected was high-level corruption at high levels of government , " Paal said . Now , the leadership is trying to resolve the affair before its once-in-a-decade leadership transition at the Communist Party Congress meeting later this year , said Joseph Fewsmith , an international relations professor at Boston University and a longtime China watcher . "  There was a desire on the part of the Chinese Communist Party to get this case settled . It 's not yet , but it is out of the party and into the hands of criminal courts -- well before the 18th Party Congress , " Fewsmith said . With the issue now before the courts , the case could be resolved "  within the next couple weeks , " he said . "  With these cases being dealt with at this time , I expect there to be smooth sailing to the 18th Party Congress , " he said . "  There may be some bargaining to go , but most of it has been done . " Heywood , 41 , was found dead in his hotel room in Chongqing , a city of more than 30 million . Officials quickly blamed his death on "  excessive consumption of alcohol , " according to media reports , and his body was cremated without an autopsy . But the matter blew open in February , when Bo 's longtime lieutenant , Wang Lijun , sought refuge at the U.S. Consulate in nearby Chengdu . Wang , the former police chief who managed Bo 's anti-crime push , wanted political asylum , apparently fearing for his life and allegedly holding incriminating information against his boss . Media reports and online posts claimed Wang clashed with Bo after suggesting Heywood had been poisoned amid a business dispute with Bo 's wife -- an allegation that appears in the charges announced Thursday . Daring to speak out about Bo Xilai thriller Gu and family aide Zhang Xiaojun were arrested in early April . The same day , Xinhua announced that Bo had been stripped of his seats on the Communist Party 's Central Committee and Politburo , the nation 's ruling organs , for an unspecified "  serious breach of regulations . " Who is Gu Kailai ? But Paal said Wang , not Bo , "  is probably the most hated " figure in the affair for going to the Americans . Wang was taken into custody once he left the consulate for entering the diplomatic post without authorization . Paal said his gambit forced China to deal with the scandal with an unprecedented level of transparency , prodded along by social media . "  That 's keeping them honest in a lot of places where they could be dishonest in the past , " he said . Meanwhile , the party has painted Bo as an outlier who violated party discipline and has been "  very careful " not to use his case to purge the party of most of his supporters . Gu and Zhang are awaiting trial in Hefei , in eastern China . A Bo family friend told CNN that Gu 's lawyers were chosen by the government , not the family . The friend , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter , also said the Bo family was not notified of Gu 's whereabouts until last week . Read more : Investing in China just grew murkier Authorities say Gu and her son came into conflict with Heywood over "  economic interests , " and she regarded Heywood as a threat to her son 's safety . Fewsmith said that allegation is the "  one real surprise " in the charges . "  This had not previously been reported , " he said . Britain , which had asked China to investigate the matter further after being informed of growing concern about Heywood 's case , said it welcomed the charges . "  The details of the ongoing investigation are a matter for the Chinese authorities , " a Foreign Office spokesman said in a statement Thursday . "  However , we are glad to see that the Chinese authorities are continuing with the investigation into the death of Neil Heywood . We are dedicated to seeking justice for him and his family and we will be following developments closely . " Read more : Inside China 's murder mystery hotel Speculation has been rife about the nature of Heywood 's work in China and his ties to Bo 's family . Heywood had lived in China for more than a decade and was married to a Chinese woman . Among the companies Heywood advised was Hakluyt and Co. , a consulting firm founded by former officers of the British spy agency MI6 . That link fueled rumors that Heywood might have had connections to British intelligence services . But in a rare public statement on such matters in April , British Foreign Secretary William Hague denied that possibility . "  Mr. Heywood was not an employee of the British government in any capacity , " he said in a letter . He said the British government would usually neither confirm nor deny those accounts , but that he was making an exception "  given the intense interest in this case . " CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : China has had to deal publicly with a major scandal , a U.S. analyst says Bo Xilai had been one of China 's most prominent politicians His wife and a family aide are charged with killing a British businessman Communist leaders want the scandal over before their next party congress , an expert says
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Coordinated attacks in at least eight Mexican cities killed three federal police officers and two soldiers Saturday in what officials are calling an unprecedented onslaught by drug gangs . Attacks occurred after arrest of Arnoldo Rueda Medina , a high-ranking member of La Familia Michoacana . Another 18 federal officers were wounded , the state-run Notimex news agency reported , citing federal police official Rodolfo Cruz Lopez . The attacks were in retribution for the capture early Saturday of Arnoldo Rueda Medina , a high-ranking member of the drug cartel known as La Familia Michoacana  The Michoacan Family  , Notimex reported . Rueda is considered second in command to the group 's two top leaders , Nazario "  El Chayo " Moreno González and José " El Chango " de Jesús Méndez Vargas , acting as a "  right arm " to Moreno , the secretary of public security said Saturday in a statement . Among other allegations , he was arrested for his role in designing the hierarchy of the organization , the production of synthetic drugs and movement of marijuana and cocaine to the United States , said Mexico 's secretary of public security . Rueda was arrested along with a 17-year-old male who worked for him . Following his arrest Saturday morning in Morelia , Michoacan , men armed with high-powered rifles and grenades attacked the police station where he was being held , the Secretary of Public Security said . After failing to win his freedom , members of the group launched attacks in the cities of Morelia , Zitacuaro , Zamora , Lazaro Cardenas , Apatzingan , La Piedad and Huetamo in Michoacan state , Notimex news said , citing federal police . The three officers were killed in Zitacuaro , police official Eduardo Moran told CNN en Español , while six police officers were reported wounded in Morelia . Two soldiers were killed in Zamora , shot by men in a passing car as they walked to their headquarters . The Secretary of Public Security told the newspaper Cambio de Michoacan that 25 spent shells from an R-15 rifle and 17 from an AK-47 were found at the scene . Michoacan is in west-central Mexico , on the Pacific coast . Another rifle and grenade attack took place near Acapulco in Guerrero state , which borders Michoacan , but no one was injured . Saturday 's attacks came just days after a drug gang in Tijuana declared they were at war with police , threatening to kill five officers every week until Police Chief Julian Leyzaola resigns . The threat was made in a note found on the windshield of a slain officer 's car , news reports said . At least three Tijuana officers have been killed since Monday , reports said . Leyzaola , a former army colonel , replaced a police chief removed from office in December after receiving numerous threats . "  Leyzaola has become the poster boy for honest police work , which has put the drug gangs on notice , " Vicente Calderon , a reporter for the Tijuana Press news agency , told CNN affiliate KUSI . "  They believe he is serious , that he means business and is trying to re-establish the rule of law that has been affecting the city and whole state for many years since organized crime established themselves in Baja -LSB- California -RSB- . " Tijuana , the westernmost city in Mexico , is across the border from San Diego , California . Sixteen police officers have died there in 2009 , and officers are now patrolling the city in groups of six , KUSI reported . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg and Monica Trevino contributed to this report .	NEW : Gang targets police station where Arnoldo Rueda Medina was being held Attacks were reprisals for capture of member of La Familia gang Series of coordinated attacks in at least eight cities kills 3 federal officers , 2 soldiers Officials call the coordinated attacks an unprecedented onslaught by drug gangs
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- A man toting an assault rifle was among a dozen protesters carrying weapons while demonstrating outside President Obama 's speech to veterans on Monday , but no laws were broken . It was the second instance in recent days in which weapons have been seen near presidential events . A man is shown legally carrying a rifle at a protest against President Obama on Monday in Phoenix , Arizona . Video from the protest in Phoenix , Arizona , shows the man standing with other protesters , with the rifle slung over his right shoulder . Phoenix police said authorities monitored about a dozen people carrying weapons while peacefully demonstrating . "  It was a group interested in exercising the right to bear arms , " police spokesman Sgt. Andy Hill said . Arizona law has nothing in the books regulating assault rifles , and only requires permits for carrying concealed weapons . So despite the man 's proximity to the president , there were no charges or arrests to be made . Hill said officers explained the law to some people who were upset about the presence of weapons at the protest . Watch the rifle being legally carried at rally " "  I come from another state where ` open carry ' is legal , but no one does it , so the police do n't really know about it and they harass people , arrest people falsely , " the man , who was n't identified , said in an interview aired by CNN affiliate KNVX . "  I think that people need to get out and do it more so that they get kind of conditioned to it . " Gun-toting protesters have demonstrated around the president before . Last week , a man protesting outside Obama 's town hall meeting in New Hampshire had a gun strapped to his thigh . That state also does n't require a license for open carry . U.S. Secret Service spokesman Ed Donovan acknowledged the incidents in New Hampshire and Arizona , but said he was not aware of any other recent events where protesters attended with open weapons . He said there was no indication that anyone had organized the incidents . Asked whether the individuals carrying weapons jeopardized the safety of the president , Donovan said , "  Of course not . " The individuals would never have gotten in close proximity to the president , regardless of any state laws on openly carrying weapons , he said . A venue is considered a federal site when the Secret Service is protecting the president and weapons are not allowed on a federal site , he added . In both instances , the men carrying weapons were outside the venues where Obama was speaking . "  We pay attention to this obviously ... to someone with a firearm when they open carry even when they are within state law , " Donovan said . "  We work with our law enforcement counterparts to make sure laws and regulations in their states are enforced . " CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Video shows man with an assault rifle slung over his shoulder at Phoenix protest Arizona law has nothing in the books regulating assault rifles Secret Service : Man considered no threat to president , who was nearby Man carrying rifle : "  I think that people need to get out and do it more "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- It was a typical November day in 1971 when an eighth-grader left her house in a sleepy New Hampshire town with her pet dog , Tasha , in tow . Kathy Gloddy was found murdered a mile from where she was last seen . The German shepherd returned home that day without its 13-year-old master , Kathy Gloddy . To her family 's horror , the little girl 's body was found the next day , three miles from her home . She had been beaten , raped , strangled and run over by a car repeatedly until she was dead . Her body was found clothed only in her kneesocks . At the time , police had several possible suspects , but not enough evidence for an arrest , said Sgt. Scott Gilbert of the New Hampshire State Police . In 2006 , Gilbert said , Kathy 's body was exhumed in search of further clues , but authorities were unable to obtain forensics from the remains . Kathy 's family asked private investigator Tom Shamshak to aid in the investigation and he agreed to volunteer his services . So far , investigators have only been able to piece together a timeline of the day Kathy went missing . Watch an update on the case " It is believed that she left her family 's home at 5 p.m. to go to a convenience store , where she bought ice cream and potato sticks . Soon after leaving the store , she was spotted at Franklin High School , where one of her older sisters was attending a banquet . It is unclear where Kathy went next , but what is known is that later that evening her dog returned home acting frantic and anxious , family members said . "  When Tasha came home without Kathy , we were worried , " said Kathy 's sister , Janet Young . "  And then the dog was running around in circles , acting crazy and pawing at the door as if looking for Kathy . We always came home when we said we would and never stayed out late worrying our parents . " Private investigator Shamshak said he believes the killer may not have been a stranger . "  This kind of brutality and rage-driven crime can only come from someone that knew her or her family , " he said . Jim Conrad , a former New Hampshire State Police trooper who worked on the case , said Kathy was found in the woods not far from a small gravel road near a popular swimming hole in Franklin , New Hampshire . Investigators believe the area -- which is only one mile from where she was last seen at the high school -- was merely a dumping site for the body and not the actual crime scene . "  One of the things my team is working on is trying to get the post-mortem DNA evidence collected by the forensic pathologist who examined her , " Shamshak said . While there is not a lot of evidence left , it is the one piece of evidence the family hopes could link potential suspects to Kathy 's murder . "  We have waited so long for justice and closure , " said Karen Beaudin , another of Kathy 's sisters . Gilbert said there are at least two persons of interest authorities have focused on and both were acquainted with Kathy Gloddy and her family . Gilbert said police thought they 'd caught a break in 2004 when convicted sex offender Edward Dukette , who served time in a Florida prison for raping and nearly killing a young girl , unexpectedly came forward to police claiming he had key information about Kathy Gloddy 's murder . Dukette was a former neighbor of the Gloddys and had been evicted from the multiple-family dwelling eight months before Kathy 's murder . Gilbert was one of several investigators who traveled to Florida to question Dukette , but the potential suspect recanted his earlier statements and refused to speak further with officials . The Gloddy family and Tom Shamshak have said they believe there is more than one person responsible for Kathy Gloddy 's murder . The family is organizing a reward fund in conjunction with the Carole Sund Foundation . Anyone who has information that could lead to the arrest of the individuals responsible for Kathy Lynn Gloddy 's murder is asked to call the New Hampshire State Police Crime Unit tip line at 603-271-3636 .	Teen girl found wearing only socks after being raped , murdered Kathy Gloddy left home with her pet dog , who returned without her hours later Police have few clues and at least two persons of interest A former neighbor came forward claiming information , but later recanted
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's rundown housing estates and deprived inner cities will be the setting for a new project that aims to use classical music to lift children out of the poverty trap . Simon Bolivar Youth Symphony Orchestra rehearse ahead of a performance at New York 's Carnegie Hall in November last year . Organizers are modeling the plan on a hugely successful scheme already in place in Venezuela that gives free instruments and training to children from poor and vulnerable backgrounds . They are hoping that lessons learned in the slums of Caracas can be made to work in Britain . Internationally renowned cellist Julian Lloyd Webber is spearheading the initiative he hopes will give "  a sense of purpose " to the lives of the most in need . Under the government-backed project , children as young as three will be taught to play classical instruments by trained musicians . "  We 're really trying to go to the most deprived children , to the most poor areas , " Lloyd Webber told CNN . "  You 're talking about children from a background where classical music has almost certainly played no part . " The inspiration behind the scheme is the El Sistema social program in Venezuela , which has helped improve the lives of thousands of young people since it began over 30 years ago . Many of those youths have gone on to be part of the Simón Bolívar Youth Orchestra , which was created as a result of the program and has performed around the world to rave reviews . The scheme has launched the musical careers of several of its members . One graduate , Gustavo Dudamel , currently conducts the orchestra but has been signed up to take over as musical director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic next year . The 27-year-old prodigy described by the New York Times as "  classical music 's hottest young podium property " was born to a poor family in the Venezuelan interior and took up the violin aged 10 . However for Lloyd Webber , who has worked with a range of top musicians from Yehudi Menuhin to Elton John , the purpose of the UK project is not to create a new batch of professional musicians . "  That 's not the way we 're looking at it . It 's very likely most of those involved will not turn professional but they will hopefully be empowered to make something more of their lives . " The Venezuelan project has grown from around 100 or so members when it started to involve 250,000 children and young people today . In the 1970s , Venezuela had only two professional orchestras mainly composed of immigrants from Eastern Europe and Italy . Thanks to El Sistema that number has expanded to over 110 . But will the British version be able to match this astonishing success , given the very different social conditions that exist in the two countries ? After all , though there are deprived areas in the UK they ca n't be compared with the grinding poverty of Venezuela 's slums where the incentive to escape to a better life is surely much greater . Lloyd Webber disagrees , insisting that levels of poverty in Britain are far worse than many realize . "  We have many of the same problems here that they 've encountered there . We have drug issues , prostitution issues , gang warfare issues . "  The Venezuelan project has been hugely helpful in reducing those kind of problems , and save children who would have possibly died without it . " What about the wide array of distractions on offer in the West such as video games and television , not to mention the low regard many young people have for the world of classical music , which is still considered stuffy and uncool ? Again he disagrees , claiming that children in poor areas of Britain often have nothing to distract them , which he says leads to anti-social behavior . "  There are very poor areas in England and for the children who live there , there is often very little to do . That 's why you see them out on the streets drinking , bored out of their heads . " Lloyd Webber is charged with chairing the steering group set up to organize the project , which is initially funded to run for the next three years . He says the scheme will focus on three or four specific areas of the country considered to be especially deprived . Charismatic teachers will be recruited to inspire the children . Although the cellist says the experience of performing in an orchestra should serve as a powerful inspiration on its own . "  I grew up performing in youth orchestras , " says Lloyd Webber , who is the son of the composer William Lloyd Webber and younger brother of Andrew Lloyd Webber , who has written and produced several major West End and Broadway musicals including Phantom of the Opera and Evita . "  It will give them a sense of purpose and a sense of togetherness . It 's a wonderful feeling when you 've a group of a hundred players wanting to produce something bigger and better than they are . "  It could be that through this some of those involved feel self-worth for the first time in their lives . "	UK project to provide musical instruments and training to children in poor areas The scheme is modelled on a successful program in Venezuela El Sistema has helped lift many youths out of the slums through music The UK scheme is being led by famous cellist Julian Lloyd Webber
CNN  -- Rescue workers Tuesday recovered the body of a child from debris left by a landslide in China 's southwestern Guizhou province , state-run media reported . The child 's body was the first to be recovered after a rain-triggered landslide buried 107 people from 38 families Monday afternoon . The child , yet to be identified , was found at 5:50 p.m. under rubble in Gangwu township , a rescue headquarters spokesman told the Xinhua news agency . Chances of survival for the others was "  slim , " rescue workers said . A survivor described the mudslide 's speed , which left little time to escape . "  I called the others to flee . But it was too late . I saw some people behind me being buried , " villager Cen Chaoyang told Xinhua in a telephone interview . Rescuers had to run three miles to reach the site , which is not accessible by vehicle . Rain and landslides continue to plague the region , Xinhua said . The tourism industry has already been affected by the severe weather . Officials have closed 35 of the top scenic spots in the region , Xinhua reported .	NEW : 107 people buried have slim chance of survival Mudslide caused by heavy rain in southwest China Survivor fled but saw people behind him buried
CNN  -- High-Speed Rail  HSR  has been around been around for decades , but it 's back in the transport spotlight amid a surge of interest from the United States and China . Despite cuts to President Obama 's original plan to spend $ 53 billion on HSR over the next 25 years , an ambitious scheme for HSR to connect U.S. cities is still on the agenda . China has built more than 8,000 kilometers of high-speed rail lines in recent years and plans to spend over $ 400 billion on its program in the next five years , while the United Kingdom is contemplating plans to extend its more modest HSR network . Supporters of HSR often list environmental sustainability among its virtues . Some argue it 's a greener alternative to car and air travel and see it as an easy win in weaning people of fossil fuels . But just how green is HSR ? Two experts with different views give their opinions . Dr. Anthony Perl is Professor of Urban Studies and Political Science at Simon Fraser University in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , where he directs the Urban Studies Program . His latest book , co-authored with Richard Gilbert , is "  Transport Revolutions : Moving People and Freight Without Oil . " Any debate about the future of high-speed rail must consider where this mobility option fits into the ` big picture ' of how transportation systems meet looming economic , energy and environmental challenges . In a world where 95 % of motorized mobility is currently fueled by oil , high-speed rail offers a proven means of reducing dependence on this increasingly problematic energy source . This value of using proven electric propulsion technology should not be underestimated when both the time and money to deploy energy alternatives are in short supply . In our recent book Transport Revolutions , Richard Gilbert and I documented the economic , environmental and political dividends to be gained from replacing the internal combustion engines powering today 's aircraft , cars , and motor vehicles with traction motors that can be powered by multiple energy sources delivered through the electric grid . Since electricity is an energy carrier , it can be generated from a mix of sources that incorporate the growing share of geothermal , hydro , solar , and wind energy that will be produced in the years ahead . And because electric motors are three to four times more efficient than internal combustion engines , an immediate improvement will precede introducing renewable energy into transportation . Grid-connected traction offers the only realistic option for significantly reducing oil use in transportation over the next 10 years . If such a shift does not begin during this decade , the risk of a global economic collapse and/or geo-political conflict over the world 's remaining oil reserves would become dangerously elevated . Making a significant dent in transportation 's oil addiction within 10 years is sooner than fuel cells , biofuels , battery-electric vehicles and other alternative energy technologies will be ready to deliver change . Biofuels that could power aircraft now cost hundreds of dollars per gallon to produce . Batteries that a big enough charge to power vehicles between cities are still too big and expensive to make electric cars and buses affordable . But grid-connected electric trains have been operating at scale and across continents for over a century . And when the Japanese introduced modern high-speed trains through their Shinkansen , in 1964 , the utility of electric trains was greatly extended . Since the 1980s , countries across Asia and Europe have been building new high-speed rail infrastructure to deploy electric mobility between major cities up to 1,000 kilometers apart . For intercity trips between 200 and 1,000 kilometers , high-speed trains have proven their success in drawing passengers out of both cars and planes , as well as meeting new travel demand with a much lower carbon footprint than driving or flying could have done . If we are serious about reducing oil 's considerable risks to global prosperity and sustainability , we will not miss the opportunity offered by high-speed rail to decrease transportation 's oil consumption sooner , rather than later . Tony Bosworth is a campaigner for Friends of the Earth , in its energy and climate team . He has a long track record of working on environmental issues , including a spell as transport campaigner for the environmental campaigning charity . Across the world governments are looking to high speed rail to provide fast , modern transport systems fit for the 21st century . By the end of 2012 China is expected to have more high speed rail lines than the rest of the world combined , while President Obama aims to give 80 per cent of Americans access to fast rail travel within 25 years . But if governments want high speed rail to spearhead the drive towards a cleaner transport system they must look further than simply providing faster trains . The UK is currently mulling over a high speed rail link between London and Birmingham , a city about 160 kilometers north-west of the capital . But according to official estimates , it 's unlikely to lead to significant carbon dioxide cuts -- and may even increase climate-changing emissions . So what 's stopping high speed rail being a major part of a greener transport future in Britain ? First there 's the electricity to power the trains . Over two thirds of the world 's electricity comes from fossil fuels so until  or unless  power stations are weaned off fossil fuels , electric trains will still have a significant climate impact -- although rail travel is still better than flying or driving . Secondly , will high speed rail entice people off the roads and short-haul flights ? French TGVs and the Channel Tunnel rail link have succeeded , but official calculations estimate that only 16 per cent of anticipated passengers for the London to Birmingham line will have swapped from planes or cars . One of the main factors is cost . Despite soaring fuel prices , motoring and flying are still expected to be cheaper than high speed rail . If faster rail travel is to become a realistic alternative it must be affordable too . The UK 's high speed rail link is expected to cost a whopping $ 54 billion . But living as we do in cash-strapped times there 's surely a strong case for investing some of that that money in less grandiose , but more effective , projects . Perhaps some high speed rail money could be diverted to upgrade commuter and longer-distance services , making life easier and cheaper for ordinary passengers -- and making a bigger and fast contribution to cutting emissions . High speed rail can play a major role in tackling climate change around the world -- if it 's affordable , powered by clean energy and gets people out of their cars and off planes , we really will be speeding in the right direction .	HSR can significantly cut oil use in transport in next 10 years , says Anthony Perl He believes HSR can reduce oil use before alternative energy technologies are ready If power stations use fossil fuels , HSR will still impact climate , says Tony Bosworth Bosworth argues HSR must be made affordable to get people out of cars
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- A court handed down a 20-year sentence Thursday for an Indonesian man convicted of helping assemble the bombs that killed more than 200 people in Bali in 2002 . The Jakarta court found Umar Patek , 45 , guilty of taking part in premeditated murder and conspiracy to smuggle explosives and firearms for use in terror attacks . Patek had faced a maximum penalty of death , and the courtroom was packed for the verdict delivered by a panel of five judges . He stared at the floor and showed no emotion as the verdict was read . He shook the judges ' hands and hugged his lawyer before he was escorted to a car waiting in the basement of the courthouse for transportation to a jail on the outskirts of the city . Patek , who has expressed remorse for his actions , will consider appealing to a higher court , said his lawyer Asludin Hatjani . Hatjani said he was "  very disappointed " by the verdict . "  Umar Patek did what he was accused for because he was under pressure from his seniors , and he failed to convince them to prevent the attacks , although he already tried hard to do so , " Hatjani said . Patek was one of Indonesia 's most wanted terrorists , with a $ 1 million bounty on his head from the U.S. government 's Rewards for Justice program . Three of the masterminds of the Bali bombings -- Imam Samudra , Amrozi bin Nurhasyim and Ali Ghufron -- were executed in 2008 . Patek was the last of the accused to stand trial in Indonesia . The October 12 , 2002 , blasts tore apart two nightclubs in Kuta , a town popular with tourists on the Indonesian island of Bali . At the time , the country 's police chief called the attack "  the worst act of terrorism in the country 's history . " Among the dead were 88 Australians and seven Americans . Patek eluded investigators looking into the 2002 attacks for many years until his capture in January 2011 in Abbottabad , Pakistan , the same village where U.S. Navy SEALs shot and killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden several months later . Patek was extradited to Indonesia in August . He faced six charges , including premeditated murder , for his part in the Bali bombings , as well as helping build bombs used in a series of attacks on Christmas Eve in 2000 . He also was accused of smuggling firearms from the Philippines to Indonesia and planning a militant camp in Aceh in 2010 . Patek denied all the charges but admitted helping mix a relatively small amount of the total quantity of explosives used in the Bali attack . The first bomb detonated in the busy Paddy 's Bar on Jelan Legian just after 11 p.m. , according to a report from the Australian Federal Police . Seconds later , as survivors fled the first blast , a second larger bomb hidden in a van exploded outside the crowded Sari Club . A third bomb went off later near the U.S. Consulate in Renon , a suburb of Denpasar , the Australian police said . Hundreds were reported missing in the confusion that followed the blasts . Many of those killed were foreign vacationers , although some residents were also caught in the attack . According to testimony given May 31 during his trial , Patek said that when he arrived in Bali , 950 kilograms of explosives had been combined , and he reluctantly agreed to mix the remainder . "  When I saw Sawada , aka Sarjiyo , looking exhausted and nervous , finally I agreed to helped him and both of us mixed the explosive ingredients that were less then 50 kg . I did it lazily because it did n't come from my soul and it was contrary to my conscience , " he said , according to an English translation of his testimony . Sarjiyo was sentenced to life in prison in 2004 for his role in the attacks . During his trial , Patek asked for forgiveness for the bombings , which he said he "  even suggested canceling . " After the attacks , he said , he felt "  remorse and regret . " "  I said that it was my last involvement on that kind of action in Indonesia . Please know that whether I came to Bali or not , the Bali bomb would still have happen  ed  , " he said . Patek 's lawyer argued that his client was not directly involved in the planning of the bombings . He does n't deny helping assemble the bombs but was unaware how they would ultimately be used , his lawyer , Hatjani , said during Patek 's trial , which started in February . Hatjani slammed the prosecution 's case as "  vague and far from the truth " and argued that an anti-terrorism law introduced in Indonesia in 2003 could not be used retroactively for the 2002 attacks . Prosecutors have used several articles under the penal code , the emergency rule law and the 2003 anti-terrorism law to charge Patek . Patek is one of the last figures associated with a splinter group of Jemaah Islamiyah , an al Qaeda-linked terror group behind the Bali bombings and other attacks in Indonesia . Many in that group , like Patek , trained and fought in Pakistan and Afghanistan in the early 1990s and were deeply influenced by bin Laden 's teachings . Patek fled to Mindanao in the southern Philippines with several other Indonesian militants . One of them was Dulmatin , another former Jemaah Islamiyah member , who returned to Indonesia and helped set up a military-style training camp in province of Aceh . He was killed in a police raid just outside Jakarta in October 2010 . Patek returned to Indonesia from the Philippines in 2009 . Prosecutors allege that he was involved in preparing firearms for the Aceh training camp , a charge the defense disputes . "  Patek was only in transit in Indonesia and was not involved in training of firearms , " Hatjani said . "  He was there to attend a wedding and he did n't even see the firearms . " Indonesian authorities have tried and convicted hundreds of terrorists since the 2002 Bali bombings . The arrests of senior militants with combat experience have weakened the terror network and its ability to launch major attacks . Radical Indonesian cleric sentenced to 15 years in prison According to recent reports by the International Crisis Group , the terror threat in the country remains but has shifted to attacks on Indonesian authorities , with smaller groups or radicalized individuals targeting the police . Journalist Rudy Madanir reported from Jakarta . CNN 's Hilary Whiteman reported from Hong Kong . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	NEW : Umar Patek showed no emotion as his sentence was handed down Patek was found guilty of taking part in premeditated murder He has admitted helping mix explosives but denies involvement in the planning After 10 years on the run , he was arrested in January 2011 in Pakistan
CNN  -- After England 's shock victory over top-ranked New Zealand on Saturday , rugby fans were delighting in the prospect that the two nations might be drawn together for the 2015 World Cup . However , such a meeting will not happen before the knockout stages of the tournament after hosts England came out of the hat with Australia and Six Nations champions Wales and two qualifiers in Group A on Monday . The All Blacks , who won the World Cup on home soil last year for the first time since its inaugural staging in 1987 , will line up against Argentina , Tonga and a qualifier from Europe and Africa in Group C . The Kiwis were top of the four seeds along with South Africa , Australia and last year 's runners-up France . The French will take on Ireland , Italy and qualifiers from Europe and the Americas in Group D while the Springboks -- champions in 2007 -- will play Samoa , Scotland and teams from the Asia and Americas playoffs . England unexpectedly halted New Zealand 's 20-match unbeaten run with a 38-21 win at Twickenham , having lost narrowly to South Africa and Australia in the traditional end-of-season tour matches by southern hemisphere sides . Following that upset result , 2003 World Cup-winning coach Clive Woodward said his country would be the team that all others hoped to avoid at Monday 's draw in London . Present coach Stuart Lancaster hopes his young England team can continue to develop and peak in time to survive in the toughest group of the 2015 World Cup -- only two teams go through from each pool . It will be the first time that England and Wales have met in the group stage . "  It is definitely a pretty tough pool . To win the World Cup you have to win big games and I have got a huge amount of respect for what Wales have done recently , " Lancaster told the English RFU website . "  We know their squad pretty well , it is a young side and a lot of them will still be around in 2015 . Australia have just beaten us and if you look at the age and profile of their squad , they have got some young lads as well . We will look forward to it . " Lancaster took over the coaching role from Martin Johnson , who was unable to emulate his 2003 World Cup success as a player when the England team traveled Down Under last year . Hampered by off-field controversies , the English failed to reach the semifinals for the first time since 1999 , when they were hosts . "  Twelve months ago I went out to New Zealand for two weeks and got a little sample of what it is like and the impact on that country , " Lancaster said . "  We have seen what the Olympic Games did for our country and the next big sporting event is the 2015 Rugby World Cup . By that time everybody is going to be revved up and it 's going to be a big party . " Meanwhile , New Zealand 's Dan Carter has been named as the International Rugby Board 's world player of the year for the second time . The fly-half has bounced back from the disappointment of missing most of the 2011 World Cup due to injury by inspiring the All Blacks to a perfect record of six wins in the inaugural Rugby Championship -- which featured the Tri-Nations teams plus Argentina -- and victory in the Bledisloe Cup series against Australia for the 10th year in a row . The 30-year-old extended his world record points-scoring tally to 1,385 from 94 Tests despite a below-par performance against England . Carter headed off his captain Richie McCaw , a three-time winner , England 's Owen Farrell -- who scored 17 points on Saturday -- and France fly-half Frederic Michalak . All Blacks coach Steve Hansen followed his predecessor Graham Henry by keeping that award in New Zealand 's ownership , while the Kiwis were also named best team for the third year in a row .	All Blacks drawn with Argentina and Tonga in draw for 2015 Rugby World Cup Tournament hosts England in toughest pool along with Australia and Wales South Africa , the 2007 champions , will line up against Samoa and Scotland Last year 's runners-up France will take on Ireland and Italy in Group D
CNN  -- Tiger Woods is looking to the familiarity of home as he continues his search for a first full-field tournament win in over two years . The former world No. 1 has announced he will play three PGA Tour events in the next month , including the Honda Classic in Florida for the first time in his professional career . The tournament is held in Palm Beach Gardens , which is near the 14-time major champion 's home on Jupiter Island -- where he moved last year after his 2010 breakup with ex-wife Elin Nordegren following the scandal about his extramarital affairs . "  I 've heard great things about the Honda Classic , " Woods told his website . "  Now that I live there , I want to play whenever possible . " He missed the cut as a 17-year-old amateur in 1993 when the tournament -- which since 2007 has benefited the children 's charity of golf legend Jack Nicklaus -- was played at the Weston Hills course . "  Jack 's involvement in the tournament and the benefits to the local community are also important , " Woods said of the March 1-4 event . Its current venue , the PGA National , is rated as one of the toughest courses on the U.S. circuit . "  We obviously are thrilled to have Tiger Woods play , " tournament director Ken Kennerly told the tour 's website . "  We have worked hard for five years to make this one of the premier events on the PGA Tour . "  This is a testament to where the tournament has come , and a testament to Honda 's 31 years as the longest-standing sponsor on the PGA Tour . " World No. 18 Woods , who slipped out of the top 50 last year , will also line up at next week 's WGC Accenture Match Play Championship in Arizona next week -- an event he has won three times . After the Honda Classic , Woods will stay in Florida for the WGC Cadillac Championship a week later , where he has tasted victory on a record eight occasions . Woods will be in illustrious company at Doral , with world No. 1 Luke Donald and 2011 U.S. Open winner Rory McIlroy both confirming their attendance on Tuesday . The American has shown signs of returning to form in recent times , finishing tied for third at the Abu Dhabi Golf Championship last month and winning the Chevron World Challenge event he hosts in December . "  I 'm excited about my start and look forward to keep building , " said the 36-year-old , whose last tour-sanctioned win was in Australia in November 2009 . "  I 've made great strides from last year and hopefully all my hard work will pay off with a victory soon . "	Golf star Tiger Woods will play three PGA Tour events in the next month The former world No. 1 will line up in Arizona next week , where he has won three times Woods will then make his debut at the Honda Classic in Florida , near where he lives Woods is set to play at the Cadillac Championship , where he is an eight-time champion
A New Zealand police charge of "  attempting to procure murder " against AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd has been dropped , his lawyer said . Rudd , the 60-year-old drummer for the legendary hard rock band , had been accused of trying to have two men killed . But the Crown Solicitor decided there was n't enough evidence to justify it , attorney Paul Mabey said in a statement . "  The charge alleging an attempt to procure murder should never have been laid . The Crown Solicitor 's opinion was not sought . The charge is now withdrawn , within 24 hours of Mr. Rudd 's first appearance in court , " Mabey said . "  Mr. Rudd has suffered unnecessary and extremely damaging publicity as a result of widespread and sensational reporting of a very serious allegation , which on any basis was never justified . " Rudd still faces other charges , including threatening to kill , Mabey said . "  Mr. Rudd will defend the charge of threatening to kill . Charges relating to personal possession of drugs are minor , " he said . Police searched Rudd 's waterfront home in Tauranga on Thursday morning , TVNZ reported . The Australian-born drummer moved to New Zealand in 1983 , after being sacked by the group . He rejoined the band years later . AC/DC is one of the world 's biggest-selling musical acts , and in 2003 was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . The band 's latest album , "  Rock or Bust , " is scheduled for release December 2 . In a statement Thursday , the band said Rudd 's absence would n't affect the album 's release or a tour scheduled for next year . "  We 've only become aware of Phil 's arrest as the news was breaking , " the statement said . "  We have no further comment . " AC/DC 's Malcolm Young leaving band	"  Mr. Rudd has suffered unnecessary and extremely damaging publicity , " lawyer says Prosecutors decide there is n't enough evidence for an "  attempting to procure murder " charge The AC/DC drummer is still charged with drug possession , threatening to kill
Cartagena , Colombia  CNN  -- Cartagena , the historic jewel of Colombia 's Caribbean coast , is a secret that 's getting out . The city 's spectacular setting is a draw in itself . Protected by ancient stone walls that enclose its vibrant port , Cartagena is almost entirely surrounded by the Caribbean Sea . Pink , yellow and purple buildings line the cobblestone streets of the old city , faded after centuries under the powerful sun . Billowing flower boxes droop over balconies , drawing the eye up Spanish colonial facades . Painted doors of all shapes and sizes open onto lush courtyards or mysterious wine cellars . Behind many doors visitors will find first-class dining and some of the most interesting boutique shopping in the Caribbean . Between January and August 2010 , more than 111,000 international visitors came to Colombia , up 9 % from the year before , according to Colombian immigration authorities . Of those visitors , 11 % made Cartagena their primary destination . Historically , Colombia 's struggles with crime have scared away tourists . But violence associated with Colombia 's infamous drug trafficking is steadily declining , and Cartagena continues to be one of the safest cities in Colombia . Another darker side of history dates back much further : the Spanish Inquisition . Cartagena was a vital seaport for Spain after colonists founded the city in 1533 , and the coastal city remained under Spanish rule for more than 275 years . In 1610 , a tribunal was established in Cartagena as part of the effort to preserve Catholic orthodoxy in Spain and its kingdoms . The Palacio de la Inquisicion , in the middle of the old city , is not for the faint of heart . Guides will  sometimes gleefully  take visitors through every instrument of torture used against those the Catholic Church deemed heretics . Note : Smiling for photos may feel awkward . Escape the grim scene onto one of Cartagena 's grand public squares and you 'll find locals singing and selling paintings , CDs , hats and whatever else there is to offer while the old timers look on from benches surrounding the square . Take a walk on the 16th-century walls of the old city . From there , the sea stretches as far as the eye can see . Near the walls , mopeds and buses scurry in and out of the city . The buses are apt to screech to a sudden halt before their stops and pick up again without warning . Riders should try to anticipate the driver 's next move , as hopping off at speeds of 10 mph or more seems routine . Getting around can be both alarming and comical . Relax and quench your thirst with some of the most coveted and exotic fruit juices in the world , like guanabana , lulo and nispero . The guanabana with a hint of milk added is a frothy delight . Everywhere you look in town there are fruit stands with tiny windows for taking juice orders . Behind them old ladies use every tool at their disposal to whack and whomp the fruit until the juices pour over the white plastic cups handed out to patrons . One lime-aid guy 's reputation as the best in town is confirmed by the lines that form down the street when his cart appears . He works quickly , making a delicious drink out of the most basic of recipes : hand-chopped ice , fresh limes and sugar . If you want to explore beyond the city walls , arrange a boat ride at the harbor and watch the old city merge into the new as you pull away from the dock . Modern glass towers occupy a thin stretch of peninsula called Bocagrande . They appear to be built from the sea up to the sky and provide a sharp contrast to the adjacent old city . An hour 's boat ride will get you to the Rosario Islands . The local beaches in Cartagena are somewhat grimy and tourists often opt for a daytime excursion . Lay out on a sunbed overlooking the sea and snooze to the sound of the waves softly crashing on the beach . For a more active afternoon , try scuba diving and snorkeling offshore . Spend the rest of the day noshing on fresh seafood and fruit . Boat back into town to dry off and watch the sunset at the CafÃ © del Mar. . It 's a hot spot that attracts tourists and locals and rests on top of the stone walls that surround the city . Enjoy a michelada  a local favorite of beer with lime juice in a salt rimmed glass  and watch the sunset over the Caribbean . Once the sun goes down , the cafÃ © heats up with go-go dancers whose silhouettes are framed against the dark sea by smoke machines and laser lights . Stroll down into the city through plazas shadowed by cathedrals and peppered with restaurants . Travelers on a budget can find yummy eats at the more casual restaurants with seating spilling out onto the plazas . Sit outside and you may have a front row seat to an impromptu musical performance . You 'll need a reservation at La Vitrola , one of Cartagena 's most famous restaurants . Occasionally a bodyguard of a distinguished political patron will be waiting outside , leaving the regular diner to wonder who might be sitting at the next table .  It 's common for these politicos to have security and the average traveler need n't take this as a sign that their safety will be compromised . A Cuban band plays into the night as guests dine on local and Cuban-inspired cuisine . Renowned Colombian-born author Gabriel Garcia Marquez is known to dine at La Vitrola frequently and as a sign of Cartagena 's growing foodie reputation , just last month Tripadvisor listed Cartagena as one of the top wine and food destinations of Central and South America . The evening can go anywhere from here . The dance clubs are just starting to buzz and there is music pouring into the streets from the balconies and doors . Everyone dances here . It 's a form of courtship and communication between the sexes . Movement and color , swirling skirts and libation ; the old city is alive and pulsing . One you 're ready to hang up your shoes you can catch a horse-drawn carriage back to your hotel . A delightful way to end the evening , but wait ! Your entertainment may not be over yet . Roaming mariachis may run alongside your carriage and hop on , hoping to serenade you all the way to your hotel  in exchange for a few coins  . Some have memorized tunes they consider to be distinctly American . You have n't fully experienced Cartagena until you 've had a mariachi sprint alongside and jump on your carriage belting out "  Hotel California " at 4 a.m. , refusing to surrender until you 've heard the whole song .	Colombia is steadily drawing more international visitors Cartagena offers a sophisticated Caribbean experience Bright colors , music and dancing pump up the lively atmosphere
CNN  -- There has been a lot of chatter in the media lately about Hillary Clinton 's record as secretary of state . And aside from what Karl Rove says , the right wing 's talking point du jour has been that she did n't have one "  signature " accomplishment . But that could n't be further from the truth . While she achieved a great deal as our nation 's top diplomat , one accomplishment stands out : She restored America 's standing in the world . Believe me , this was no small feat . Think back to 2009 when Secretary Clinton took office : The United States was engaged in two lengthy , expensive , deadly wars ; the previous administration 's unilateral foreign policy had alienated our strongest allies ; our respect around the world was extremely low ; and Osama bin Laden -- the most wanted man in the world -- was still on the run . We were n't just in a rut ; we were in what seemed like a bottomless pit . And we were in desperate need of a strong leader to dig us out . Rove criticized for Clinton ` brain injury ' suggestion That leader was Secretary Clinton . On Day One , Clinton began the long , arduous task of shedding the black cloud that had hovered over U.S. foreign policy for nearly a decade . She embarked on a world tour with the goal of repairing diplomatic ties with leaders , restoring America 's stature on the global stage , and reinvigorating longstanding friendships . Hillary Clinton knew that there was "  a lot of damage to repair : " "  There 's a great exhalation of breath going on around the world as people express their appreciation for the new direction that 's being set , " she said . As Michael Hirsh explained in Foreign Affairs , "  Because of her worldwide popularity and tireless travel -- she set a new record for a secretary of state by visiting 112 countries -- Clinton helped undo the damage that the habitual unilateralism of the George W. Bush administration had done to the global image of the United States . " Secretary Clinton was perfectly clear that this was a top priority : " -LSB- I -RSB- inherited such a range of problems and deficits across the world that it would be a luxury to say , ` I 'm going to focus on this and this alone . ' ... My big-picture commitment is to restore American leadership , and I think that 's about as big a job as you can get . And everything I 've done is in furtherance of that . " And there is no doubt that she was successful . A Pew Research poll found that the opinion of countries all over the world toward the United States has improved dramatically since the tenure of Clinton 's predecessor . But restoring America 's standing in the world not only required repairing relationships with global leaders , it required tackling two colossal tasks left behind from the previous administration -- winding down two wars and bringing Osama bin Laden to justice . Secretary Clinton took office eight years after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on America , yet Osama bin Laden -- the mastermind of those attacks and leader of the world 's most infamous terrorist organization -- had still not been found . Clinton supported the raid that finally brought our nation 's greatest enemy to justice . Secretary Clinton 's work to restore America 's standing in the world paved the way for many of her other major accomplishments and helped bring forward a new era in American diplomacy . Clinton : No need for new Benghazi committee , but GOP ` calls the shots ' in the House The Israeli-Palestinian conflict is one of the most deeply rooted , complex issues of global politics . Dealing with this conflict has been high on the agenda of nearly every secretary of state for decades . In November 2012 , Clinton helped avert an all-out war in Gaza by negotiating a cease-fire between Israel and Palestine . After eight days of violence , as Politico noted , "  Secretary of State Hillary Clinton got a Gaza cease-fire right at the moment hope seemed dead for a rapid end to the violence . " In today 's complex world , where we are not always dealing with predictable actors , one of the single most important thing we can do to protect our great nation -- and our allies -- is to ensure that there are fewer nuclear weapons . As secretary of state , Clinton made great strides in countering the proliferation of nuclear weapons around the world . She played a pivotal role in the passage and enactment of the New START Treaty , which will reduce key nuclear arsenals to their lowest levels in 50 years . Concerned with Iran 's expanding nuclear program , Secretary Clinton focused her efforts on building a multinational coalition to impose unprecedented sanctions designed to press Iran to comply with its international obligations . Through aggressive diplomacy she persuaded countries around the world , including the EU , Japan , South Korea , Canada , and Australia to impose sanctions of their own , multiplying the power of our sanctions and the pressure on Iran . These sanctions decreased Iran 's oil exports by more than a million barrels a day -- costing Iran nearly $ 3 billion a month . These are all impressive feats , but Hillary Clinton 's accomplishments do n't end there . From establishing the first-ever ambassador for Global Women 's Issues to breaking new ground on human rights matters like protecting girls from violence , Secretary Clinton consistently worked to promote the work of women in the United States and globally . The fact is : Clinton 's record as secretary of state speaks for itself . And it speaks loud and clear that she was exactly the kind of skilled leader our country needed . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Rep. Joe Crowley credits Hillary Clinton for turnaround of America 's global standing Clinton became one of the most traveled secretary of states by visiting 112 countries He contends that Clinton reversed the "  habitual unilateralism " of Bush era
CNN  -- One mall Santa might be getting some coal in his stocking this year . Last week , Santa Claus and a helper elf from The Shops at Mission Viejo in California turned away a 7-year-old girl with autism and her service dog , a pit bull named Pup-Cake . According to the Orange County Register , Abcde Santos , who pronounces her first name "  ab-suh-dee , " and Pup-Cake stood in line for 30 minutes to meet with the unnamed mall Santa . But he declined to meet the girl because he feared the 5-year-old pit bull . "  After the Santos family offered to remove the dog from the area , the building , Santa still refused to see the child , " Julie Miller , a family friend who runs a Facebook page dedicated to Pup-Cake and service animals , told the Register . "  Autism is accompanied by many sensory issues , included self-harm behaviors and feeling overwhelmed at times by lights , sounds , especially when waiting , " according to the dog 's Facebook page . "  Pup-cake the service dog 's job is to intervene in those moments . " Word of the diss led to a viral campaign , #savePupcakesChristmas , with sympathizers angered over the incident posting comments on the Facebook page for The Shops at Mission Viejo . The mall posted a statement that said , "  We share in your concerns regarding the situation today involving a Santa at The Shops at Mission Viejo . We do not condone the behavior displayed by Santa and have worked with our partners at Noerr , the company that hires our Santas , to replace this Santa with one that is more compassionate to our guests ' needs . " It later shared a note from Miller about how property management and the mall had moved swiftly to correct the Bad Santa problem . The mall added , "  We look forward to welcoming back the Santos family and Pup-Cake for a special Santa experience . " A representative for the Noerr Programs , which provided the Santa and helper , said the pair have been transferred and given other duties . "  For 26 years , The Noerr Programs has devoted itself to sharing the heart of Santa through the creation of magical Christmas experiences for all children and their families , " CEO Judy Noerr said in a statement . "  The entire team at The Noerr Programs sincerely apologizes for any distress caused by this situation , and truly regrets the incident . We have reached out to the girl 's family , in an effort to extend a private Santa visit with complimentary photos of both the child and her service dog . " The Santos family has declined to be interviewed . Miller told the paper the family is pleased with the decision to replace the Santa and hopes it will lead to better awareness . "  They want people to get educated not about autism or pit bulls , but about the disabilities act so that little girls like Abcde wo n't go and see Santa and end up crying , " she said .	A mall Santa in California reportedly turned away a child The 7-year-old has autism and a pit bull as a service dog Santa company says he and his helper elf have been assigned other duties
New York  CNN  -- Police and FBI agents finished searching 18 "  spots of interest " in Long Island , New York on Thursday without uncovering additional evidence in their investigation of a possible serial killer . "  We did n't uncover anything that was noteworthy , " said Nassau County Police spokesperson Kevin Smith . "  Most of it was debris . " Their efforts are part of a probe into suspected serial killings that have turned up at least eight bodies -- four of them identified as prostitutes -- since December 2010 . New York State troopers alongside some 30 police officers from Long Island 's Nassau and Suffolk counties hacked their way through the area 's thick brush and bramble , using guidance from a helicopter overhead and , in some cases , using chainsaws to cut through the thick foliage . Aviation teams that flew over parts of Long Island had "  identified a significant number of items that are n't natural for the area , " said Nassau County Acting Police Commissioner Thomas Krumpter . But as of Thursday , authorities had not uncovered any further human remains . Earlier this week , police discovered skeletal remains -- including a human skull -- prompting the widening search . Police have not said whether they are from different people , or if they could have come from the eight victims found previously . Airplanes and helicopters with high-resolution technology are being used in the search effort , Suffolk County Police Commissioner Richard Dormer explained Wednesday . " Police also are using canine search units to scour the beaches and diver teams to search the waterways on the north side of the barrier island . But they have met obstacles . "  Canine teams have been of limited assistance , " said Detective Vincent Garcia . "  The problem with this brush is it 's so thick dogs wo n't even go in . " Meanwhile , medical examiner investigators are trying to determine the age and sex of the victims from the remains , and how long they were at the locations before they were discovered . "  We 're going back to some of the unidentified people in our system to try to see if we can identify them so we can notify loved ones if we have their remains , " said Ellen Borakove , a spokeswoman for the New York City medical examiner 's office . "  Hopefully we 're going to get some IDs and we 'll find out who these people are , and then the families will know , " she added . The remains found Monday in a Nassau County wildlife preserve were wrapped in a "  black plastic product " similar to a plastic bag , a law enforcement source said Wednesday . The remains "  appeared to be part of a lower extremity , " the source said . But police say the remains are not connected to the bodies of four prostitutes found near Atlantic City , New Jersey , in 2006 . "  The indications we have right now is that there 's no connection between the Atlantic City case and the Suffolk County case , " Dormer said . "  There are other items connected with the two cases " that would indicate the same killer was not involved in the slayings , he said . Dormer did not provide additional details , but said Suffolk County police officers have been in contact with their Atlantic City counterparts since the early stages of the Long Island investigation . Federal agents first joined police in the investigation in December after the first four bodies were found . That discovery on a quarter-mile stretch of Oak Beach indicates that "  they were dumped there by the same person or persons , " Dormer told reporters at the time . "  It 's too coincidental that there were four bodies in the same location . " They were all found stuffed in bushes along an isolated strip of waterfront property . The grisly find occurred as police searched for Shannan Gilbert , 24 , who was last seen alive in May 2010 in the Gilgo Beach area . Gilbert 's sisters said Shannan was an escort who was visiting a client . They said she ran from the man 's house and called 911 , claiming that someone was trying to hurt her . A man who lives a few miles from where the remains were found told CNN that a young woman who "  looked like she was partying all night " came to his door at about 5 a.m. on May 1 . "  She was screaming ` Help me , help me ! ' and said somebody was chasing her , " said Gustav Coletti , who lives in the town of Oak Beach . He described the woman as a "  young , light-brown-haired person in her early 20s . " Coletti said he called 911 after opening his front door to the woman , but she fled , eventually hiding under his boat , which was elevated and parked on his lawn . Moments later , Coletti said , an "  Asian-looking man " man driving a dark-colored sport utility vehicle pulled up alongside his home . "  Things got out of hand at a party and I 'm just looking for her , " Coletti quoted the man as saying . When Coletti told the man that he had called police , the man said he "  should n't have done that . " The woman then fled toward the beach and the driver pursued her , Coletti said . But he told CNN it took police more than four months to question him about the incident , an allegation that police deny . Coletti later told CNN that he believes the woman he saw that night was Gilbert . CNN can not independently verify that claim . "  I have no idea when the detective spoke to whomever you are talking about , " Dormer told CNN . "  If you want to see somebody after this press conference we 'll certainly follow up on that . " Police later clarified that they spoke with Coletti on May 1 after he made the 911 call and several times since . Pressed for the dates of the police department 's conversations with Coletti and the length of time between them , they revealed that they obtained a statement from Coletti in June but provided no further specifics . "  They never got a statement from me in June , " Coletti told CNN . Gilbert 's body has not been among the remains identified . CNN 's Allan Chernoff and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report	NEW : Authorities finished searching 18 "  spots of interest " in Long Island , New York on Thursday NEW : Their search did not uncover additional evidence in their investigation of a possible serial killer A helicopter has been hovering over the Tobay Beach area since morning The remains are not linked to the bodies of four prostitutes found near Atlantic City in 2006
CNN  -- After actress Mackenzie Phillips spoke about her sexual relationship with her musician father , online and telephone calls to an anti-sexual assault hot line surged . Mackenzie Phillips told Larry King that incest survivors are "  incredibly underrepresented . " Her interviews in the past few weeks brought a spotlight to an uncomfortable topic . Incest , a common but highly stigmatized form of sexual abuse , often leaves the victim ashamed , isolated and unable to tell others what 's happening , because the perpetrator is someone related to him or her , mental health experts said . "  For any survivor of sexual trauma , it 's challenging , and it takes a lot of courage to come forward , " said Jennifer Wilson , director of the National Sexual Assault hot line . "  With incest survivors , it 's particularly difficult , because not only is there social stigma pressuring them to stay quiet , but also there 's pressure that 's within the family to stay quiet . " The Rape , Abuse & Incest National Network , which calls itself the nation 's largest anti-sexual assault organization , said it had seen an 83 percent increase in activity on its online hot line and a 26 percent increase on its telephone hot line after Phillips ' interview with Oprah Winfrey aired last week . "  Unfortunately , it 's something we hear everyday in our hot line , so to have somebody speak aloud about it was empowering to a lot of victims and survivors who went through similar situations , " Wilson said . Phillips spoke about the taboo nature of incest in her interview with CNN 's Larry King . "  There 's very little in this world that is taboo today , but this subject is still , like , shove it under the carpet , sweep it away , protect the abuser , deny the reality . ... You 're just on your own , " the former child star said . This makes it one of the most under-reported and least discussed crimes , experts said . A U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics report found that of the 60,000 sexual assault cases reported in 12 states in 2000 , about a quarter were perpetrated by family members . About half of the sexual assault cases with victims younger than 11 involved family members . At times , a victim may feel unable to tell other family members what 's happening . And if he or she tells a relative , that family member may have "  a knee-jerk reaction , " refusing to believe it . Relatives may try to protect the offender in order to keep the family together or to avoid the shame and stigma , Wilson said . This takes a devastating toll on a victim . "  Their sexual selves are damaged . Their emotional selves are damaged , because ` who do I trust ? ' " said Debra Laino , a sex therapist and counselor . " ` My father did this . My mother did this . Who can I trust if I ca n't trust my family ? ' " Sometimes the reluctance to report the crime comes from the victim , because he or she does n't want to see the family member in jail . Although Phillips called the sexual relationship with her famed father , John Phillips , "  wrong , " she said , "  I do n't want bad things to happen to him , but I also do n't want bad things to happen to me as a result of this . And I was convinced to let it lie . " Her father , a co-founder of the Mamas & the Papas , died in 2001 . Father - or stepfather-daughter incest is the most common form , although it also occurs between mother and child , according to the National Center for Victims of Crime . A sexual assault victim could suffer physical effects of the crime such as sexually transmitted infections , genital trauma and urinary tract infections . They could also experience many mental health effects : social withdrawal , isolation , post-traumatic stress disorder and regressive behavior such as bedwetting and thumb sucking . Some become hypersexual and engage in destructive behaviors , experts said . Humans "  have an instinct for avoiding incest or inbreeding , " said Debra Lieberman , an assistant professor of psychology at the University of Miami  Florida  who researches incest . But alcohol , drugs and mental illness may disrupt that instinct . "  Under the heavy influence of cocaine or heroin or whatever else you 're taking , your mental boundaries are skewed , essentially , " Laino said . The offender 's sexual frustrations could also contribute to inappropriate actions . "  It also depends on his other mating opportunities , " Lieberman said . "  What is the quality of his current relationship with the female 's mother ? Is she around ? What is the ability for the guy to attract other mates ? " The perpetrator , frustrated by the absence of suitable sexual partners , may turn to whomever is around -- even if it 's kin . Recovery from incest can occur , but it often takes years . A victim of incest has to understand that it 's not his or her fault and get professional help , Wilson said . "  It does n't make you broken , " Phillips said . "  It does n't make it so that you ca n't go on and be -- once you deal with honestly and realistically what you 've been through , it does n't mean that you ca n't be counted on or you ca n't be well enough to be a part of the world . "	Actress said she had sexual relationship with her father for years Experts : Incest is one of the most under-reported and least discussed crimes Real healing after incest is possible , Phillips says
CNN  -- Durable , shock resistant and , most of all , growing in a ready-to-use tubular form , it 's a wonder bamboo has n't always been used to make bicycle frames . While the prototype for a bamboo-framed bicycle was first developed as early as 1894 -- causing a minor sensation when it was unveiled at a London technology show at the time -- the idea never took off . Now 120 years later and a small but determined outfit in Ghana is working hard to change all that . "  We ca n't keep  up  demand with the orders for our customized bicycles , " explains Bernice Dapaah , the executive director of Ghana Bamboo Bikes Initiative . "  We are hoping to go into mass production by June this year . " While mass production for a company that currently employs about 30 people means turning out just 60 to 100 of the beautiful handmade bicycles a month , Dapaah is confident of scaling up the operation . Here the advent of a minimal amount of technology has made all the difference . "  We still do it by hand , but now we 've got a construction jig and this makes manufacture that much faster , " she told CNN from the small factory outside the capital Accra . Using a method developed by American engineer Craig Calfee -- a renowned bicycle designer who first experimented with bamboo bicycles in 1995 -- the frames are lashed together with fiber and then coated with epoxy . Sturdy , and with a greater weight-to-strength ratio than steel , the bikes are robust , make for a smooth ride and are gaining a small but devoted following in Europe . Growing international attention "  We are getting a lot of interest from the United Kingdom where people are using them for touring , " she said . "  And they 're popular with shops and exhibitors because people like the look of them . " Their first prototype came out of the factory more than four years ago and is still in operation . Dapaah said the bikes are remarkably durable and there 's every indication that the first model will continue for many years to come . With just two sticks of bamboo enough to make one bicycle , and six regions in Ghana where bamboo grows abundantly , the Ghana Bike Initiative is unlikely to run out of raw materials . Last November the bicycle was the darling of the Warsaw Climate Change Conference  Conference of the Parties 19  where UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon donned a crash helmet to take a shaky turn around the conference center on one of the Ghanaian bikes . Christiana Figueres , the head of the United Nation 's Framework Convention on Climate Change  UNFCCC  , also entrusted herself to the bicycle 's rigid pannier rack to hitch a ride around the center . "  They 're made by women and these women are teaching other women to make these bamboo bikes and to sell them so that they have another income stream , " Figueres said . Building opportunities As a vehicle for women 's emancipation , the bicycle in history has been unrivalled . During the bicycle craze in the United States and Europe of the late 19th century , it came to symbolize the new woman , not only giving them unprecedented mobility but launching reform movements such as the Rational Dress Society which advocated for a woman 's right to dress appropriately for cycling . For Dapaah -- who co-founded the company with school friends Kwame Kyei and Winnifred Selby -- the Ghana Bamboo Bikes Initiative proudly carries on that tradition . "  Currently we have about 20 to 25 women trained who are working in the factory but as we expand we hope to bring more on board , " she said , adding that the initiative was launched as a way of using local renewable materials and satisfied local needs and created employment opportunities . "  Not only that but it looks cool and attractive , " she said . One customized model even comes emblazoned with Martin Luther King motifs rendered in distinctive Ghanaian folk-art style . She said the prize the initiative won last year in Warsaw , the UNFCCC Momentum for Change Women for Results Award , was bringing with it more attention , more orders and greater ambitions for the company . "  Currently we do n't manufacture many of the metal parts -- the chain and the forks we have to import but some of the metal parts for the frame are manufactured here . "  But we are hoping that if we find a collaborator in the medium to long-term , the tires , the wheels , the chain , and everything else could be made here in our factory . " CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Bicycle manufacturing business in Ghana promotes use of sustainable bamboo Bikes are assembled in a small factory outside of the capital , Accra Company has been lauded by UN and attracted development awards Provides employment and training opportunities for local women
CNN  -- Record-breaking daredevil Nik Wallenda completed Sunday what he called his most challenging feat to date : a tightrope walk between two skyscrapers 600 feet above downtown Chicago , partly blindfolded . Crowds below cheered on the seventh-generation aerialist , who wore a microphone during his untethered walk . The "  Skyscraper Live " walk was broadcast on Discovery . "  I love Chicago , and Chicago definitely loves me . What an amazing roar , " the 35-year-old said as he crossed above the Chicago River . The walk consisted of two parts , starting from Marina City 's West Tower , about 588 feet high . He crossed above the Chicago River to the Leo Burnett Building in just under seven minutes , finishing 671 feet above the street , according to Skyscraper Live 's website . After he returned to the West Tower , he crossed to the East Tower blindfolded in one minute and 20 seconds . As a member of the famous Flying Wallendas , founded by his grandfather Karl Wallenda in the 1920s , Wallenda is no stranger to death-defying stunts . He walked across a wire 1,500 feet above a river in Arizona in June 2013 , becoming the first person to traverse the gorge near Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona . Before that , he made a record journey across Niagara Falls in 2012 . Peril also runs in the Wallenda family . Great-grandfather Karl Wallenda was killed at 73 while attempting to walk between two buildings in Puerto Rico in 1978 . But on Sunday , Wallenda made it look easy . "  I 'm so blessed for these opportunities , " he said during his walk . "  You guys watching think I 'm crazy , but this is what I was made for . " .	NEW : The seventh-generation aerialist 's walk was broadcast on Discovery NEW : Nik Wallenda was blindfolded for part of the walk between two skyscrapers Wallenda is a member of the Flying Wallendas , founded by his grandfather in the 1920s
Embattled Syrian President Bashar al-Assad told the United Nations-Arab League envoy on Sunday that countries must stop supporting , arming and providing protection to terrorists -- the government 's term for rebels . Lakhdar Brahimi was in Damascus to try to broker a cease-fire before the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha , which begins Friday . The president "  stressed that Syria supports the efforts of the U.N. envoy to Syria and is open to any sincere efforts seeking to find a political solution to the crisis based on respecting Syria 's sovereignty and rejecting any foreign interference , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  reported . He "  clarified that any initiative or political process should be essentially based on the principle of halting terrorism and what is required in this regard from the countries involved in supporting , arming and harboring the terrorists in Syria  is  to halt such acts , " it said . For his part , Brahimi told reporters that he had no agenda other than serving the Syrian people . "  I 'll come back after the Eid . If there was calm during it , we would build on it , and even it there was n't , we would work to realize calm , " Brahimi said , according to SANA . Given previous experiences , the odds of a cease-fire between Syrian government forces and rebels are stacked against Brahimi . The man he replaced , Kofi Annan , made numerous trips to Damascus and was unable to halt the violence . Opposition activists say more than 30,000 people have been killed since the Syrian crisis began in March 2011 . Even as Brahimi and al-Assad met , at least 135 people were killed across the country Sunday , including six children , according to the Local Coordination Committees  LCC  of Syria . Seventy of the deaths were reported in Damascus and its suburbs . The opposition group also reported an "  exchange of intense gunfire " between a Jordanian border patrol and Syrian security forces . A car bomb went off in the Syrian capital , killing 13 people and wounding 29 on Sunday , SANA said . The report blamed the attack on terrorists . Syrian forces "  continued cleansing neighborhoods in Aleppo and its countryside of terrorists , " SANA reported . And an explosive device in a Damascus suburb injured some bystanders , it said , again blaming terrorists . Opinion : Syria 's conflict threatens regional stability	An opposition group reports an "  exchange of intense gunfire " between Jordan , Syria At least 135 people were killed throughout Syria on Sunday President Bashar al-Assad meets U.N.-Arab League envoy Lakhdar Brahimi Brahimi hopes to broker a cease-fire before the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha
CNN  -- A minute before three o'clock on Saturday , Peter Rebak will be scouring the stands of the Harry Abrahams Stadium looking for dissent . Not that his football club is used to crowd trouble . Wingate & Finchley play in the Rymans Premier League , the seventh tier of English football . Second from bottom in the division the club 's fans are in the hundreds , rather than thousands . But on Saturday , Wingate & Finchley will do something unique : They are the only football club in England to announce that they will hold a minute 's silence for former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher -- MP for Finchley between 1959 and 1992 -- who died of a stroke at the age of 87 . "  I do n't care if people support her or not but I do expect everyone there to behave themselves , " the 60-year-old Rebak , who is the club 's former chairman , told CNN . This is irrelevant to politics . " "  If anyone wants to misbehave I 'll personally go down and throw them out . " International grief When Thatcher 's death was announced earlier this week , tributes poured in from around the world . Obama , Gorbachev , Netanyahu ; political heavyweights one and all . But closer to home the eulogies were more abrasive . Those on the right revered her as the woman that confronted the unions and "  saved " the country , as current Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron put it in a recent speech . Those on the left lambasted her for laying waste to the industrial north , responsible for massive unemployment in football 's heartlands : Manchester , Newcastle and Liverpool among others . Two English Premier League chairman -- Dave Whelan of Wigan and John Madjeski of Reading , both of whom were also Conservative party donors -- suggested that a minute 's silence would be appropriate before this weekend 's matches . "  We owe Mrs. Thatcher a minute 's silence , " Whelan had told the BBC ahead of his side 's FA Cup semifinal against Millwall on Saturday . "  It is not my decision , it is for the FA to decide , but I would be in favor of wearing an armband out of respect to Mrs. Thatcher . " But the response from the fans was furious and the English Football Association decided against it . "  A minute silence is to mark and remember football people . Great football people . Or moments of national tragedy where all unite , say 9/11 or Remembrance Sunday , " explained David Conn a football writer for The Guardian newspaper . "  It was above politics . They have never had a minute 's silence for a political figure . By definition it is divisive . " Another battleground Football , Conn explained , had never been looked on kindly by Thatcher . "  She presided over the worst decade for -LSB- English -RSB- football in its history , " he said . "  There were problems with supporters fighting . All that was done was to vilify and control supporters . "  She hated football . She regarded football fans as the ` enemies within ' . She wanted to batter football intro submission . She saw it as another area of insurrection . " The "  enemies within " was also a phrase Thatcher used to describe the unions , the battle which perhaps more than any other defined her time in office . To try and curb hooligan violence at football matches , fences were erected around each pitch . An ID card scheme for every fan , with draconian jail sentences for anyone found without one , was piloted at Luton Town . But the violence continued . When the Heysel disaster took place at the 1985 European Cup final between Liverpool and Juventus , leaving 39 fans -- 32 of them Italian -- dead , Thatcher insisted that English teams be withdrawn from European competition . The ban remained for five years Hillsborough But football 's nadir came four years later at Hillsborough . Ninety six Liverpool fans were killed in a stadium crush during an FA Cup semifinal in 1989 . The government and the police blamed Liverpool fans for deaths , while British tabloid newspaper The Sun ran lurid stories of the supporter 's complicity in the tragedy , all of which were late to be found to false . "  Liverpool was one of the few British cities that actually stood up to Thatcher and her policies . The city 's trade unionists and politicians were a constant source of irritation to her , " said Tony Barrett , the Merseyside football writer for The Times newspaper . "  She did n't get us and we most certainly did n't get her . The problem with that relationship is that she wielded the power and she allowed Liverpool to crumble . "  As a child growing up in 1980s the signs of mass unemployment , urban decay and grinding poverty were everywhere . She could n't have cared less . " Twenty years later Liverpool 's fans were exonerated of any wrongdoing with the release of the Hillsborough Independent Panel report . Low safety standards and poor policing were blamed . The report also exposed two decades of cover ups . David Cameroon stood in the House of Commons and apologized . The city never forgot the person who they saw as being ultimately in charge at the time . "  On Hillsborough , it is difficult to identify or establish exactly what role Thatcher played , if any , in the cover up that followed the disaster , " added Barrett . "  There is evidence that came to light following the publication of the Hillsborough Independent Panel report last September , which proves that Thatcher was not happy with the interim report from Lord Justice Taylor . "  The report laid the blame where it belonged - at the door of South Yorkshire Police - and she made it clear that she was not happy about that . "  The suspicion of the Hillsborough families and their supporters is that Thatcher 's involvement went beyond this . " Thatcher 's legacy ? Rebak sees Thatcher 's influence on the game in a different way . He argues that Thatcher saved football from itself . "  When you look at the 80s English football was terrorized by hooligans and derelict stadia , " he says . "  She said , this could not continue . The hooligan element was destroying English football . " Shortly after Hillsborough the Taylor Report 's review of the tragedy changed the game forever . Stadiums became all seater and safety was improved . The influx of money from Sky Television -- owned by Rupert Murdoch -- then revolutionized the game , playing a big part in turning English football in to the global entertainment product it is today , for good or ill . Yet Rebak claims the club decided to have a minute 's silence , not out of politics , but because Thatcher was a patron the club and , in one of her last acts as MP for Finchley , helped save it from going out of business . Humble roots Wingate FC was founded in 1946 by British Jewish soldiers returning from the Second World War . "  The aim was to fight racism . Initially it was anti-Semitism and that changed through time to anti-discrimination , " explained Rebak . The club 's name derived from an eccentric British army officer called Orde Wingate , a pioneer in modern guerrilla warfare that trained what would become the Israeli Defense Force . "  They -LSB- the returning soldiers -RSB- believed the only way to increase friendship was sport , between faiths and races . To play against each other and with each other , " added Rebak . The club eventually bought their Hall Round ground . The England 1966 World Cup squad even trained there once before the tournament . When the ground was knocked down to make way for a new motorway , the club was homeless , though it had money in the bank . By 1991 it was mooted that the club merge with nearby Finchley , which had a dilapidated stadium but no money . "  It was n't important , it was essential , " said Rebak of the merger , who was chairman at the time of Thatcher 's intervention . "  She accepted the two clubs should merge in 1991 . And she played a major role in bringing the two clubs together and assisting us . She would tell us who to contact , speak to them , helped with the new lease . "  She thought it was good idea . She came to the ground once . It was only 100 yards from her Finchley office . " Wingate & Finchley are in a tiny minority . Only two other sports teams have declared they will allow a minute 's silence before the game : top division rugby union clubs Exeter Chiefs and Saracens , which is also found in Thatcher 's old Finchley constituency . "  We have a sold out match and we are fairly confident that the overwhelming majority of Saracens supporters will approve , " said Saracen 's chief executive Edward Griffiths . "  If on Saturday someone interrupts a minute 's silence , then that is democracy . We live in a free country , something Thatcher worked for as much as anyone to protect . " Another minute 's silence Just over an hour 's drive west of Finchley , at exactly the same time on Saturday afternoon , a very different minute 's silence will begin before Reading 's match against Liverpool : to mark the 24th anniversary of Hillsborough . Initially Madjeski -- the Reading chairman -- had suggested a minute 's silence for Thatcher too . "  If they do hold a minute 's silence for Margaret Thatcher , I think they are making a big mistake , " said Margaret Aspinall , chair of the Hillsborough Family Support Group , who lost her 18 year old son in the tragedy . "  Somebody fed -LSB- Thatcher -RSB- those lies , I think she was part of it and she knew about it . That 's why I feel the way I do . " But Madjeski backed down , realizing that silence was unlikely . " -LSB- Hillsborough is -RSB- the only minute 's silence there should be this weekend , " agreed Liverpool coach Brenden Rogers . Divine intervention Rebak is n't sure how many will be at the Harry Abrahams Stadium on Saturday when Wingate & Finchley takes on Kingstonian F.C. in their vital relegation clash . "  Maybe 500 or 600 and some away fans too , " he estimates . He 'll be keeping an eye out , hoping that the match will pass without intervention . Or , at the least , not the intervention he fears . "  We need a good three points , " said Rebak . "  Maybe we can get some divine intervention from Mrs T. "	Debate over whether a minute 's silence should be held for Margaret Thatcher before this weekend 's sporting fixtures English Premier League will not insist on the tribute Thatcher was a controversial figure in sport , especially football Only tiny Wingate & Finchley from Thatcher 's own constituency has said it will hold a minute 's silence
Gay couples can now legally marry in 18 countries -- a statistic that increasingly raises an important question : Where 's the best spot for a same-sex honeymoon ? More and more destinations are now catering to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  LGBT  travelers . John Tanzella , chief executive of the International Gay and Lesbian Travel Association , says it 's an encouraging trend , but he worries there 's a risk of gay vacationers being targeted as a "  niche . " "  When you 're planning that dream trip it 's still important to work with travel professionals who understand the needs of gay travelers as individuals , " he adds . Among travel organizations that seem to be getting the message is the Association of British Travel Agents , which is the latest to compile a list of destinations offering same-sex honeymooners a friendly atmosphere and catering to a broad range of tastes . Here 's its 10 . Cape Town , South Africa The dramatic backdrop of Table Mountain rises above this gorgeous city bathed in almost year-round sunshine . It 's a great place to relax for a couple of days , then travel out to the numerous wineries in the lush green countryside close to the city . Where else can you see penguins sunning themselves on a beach ? Cape Town is considered the most gay-friendly city in Africa and attracts LGBT people from across the continent , adding to an interesting local cultural mix . The gay village , with its range of clubs , bars , bathhouses , cafes and guesthouses is in De Waterkant . Honeymoon hotspot : The lively Cafe Manhattan  74 Waterkant St. , Cape Town ; +27 21 421 6666  . Lesbos and Mykonos , Greece We get the word "  lesbian " from the island that was home to Sappho , who wrote erotic poetry to other women in the 6th century B.C. It 's now a popular destination for modern-day Sapphists . The island 's main town , Mytilini is charming old world Greek , with winding streets and quiet churches . Mykonos has a vibrant gay scene for men and women , with lots of clubs and hotels . Honeymoon hotspot : Many gay travelers hang out on Super Paradise and Elia beaches , which can get noisy at night -- and somewhat naked during the day . Miami and the Florida Keys Miami 's Caribbean climate sets it apart from the rest of the United States . The city also has some of America 's most interesting architecture , plus world-class art galleries and classical music performances . A day in Little Havana , the center of the not-so-little Cuban community , can feel like a visit to another country . Couples can time their trip to coincide with one of three of the planet 's biggest gay events . There 's the White Party in November , the Winter Party in March and Aqua Girl Weekend in May . In April , the Gay and Lesbian Film Festival is a huge draw . Honeymoon hotspot : The gay section at Haulover Beach  10800 Collins Ave. , Bal Harbour , Florida ; +1 305 947 3525  is a popular post-party place to unwind . Tel Aviv , Israel The city 's annual gay pride , which is sponsored by the government , draws gay men and women from all over the world . In 2012 , travel guide Gaycities.com named Tel Aviv the gayest city on the planet -- at least 100,000 gay men are expected to visit this year . Tel Aviv calls itself a 24-hour city because you can spend all night clubbing then snooze all day on one of its beaches . If you 've time to spare , you can squeeze ancient and Biblical sites such as the Dead Sea , Masada and Jerusalem into one - or two-day trips . Honeymoon hotspot : Tel Aviv does n't have a gay village because the whole city considers itself gay-friendly , but Rothschild Avenue is a particular focus , where as many same-sex couples walk hand in hand as straight couples . Brighton , England Brighton is , without doubt , Britain 's gayest town and has an anything-goes reputation not just for romance , but also for art , clubbing and all kinds of culture . The beach may be rainy outside of summer , but even in winter there 's a certain beauty to the place , and it 's only an hour by train from London . Brighton town also sports some exotic-looking buildings , such as the Royal Pavilion , an 18th-century regent 's folly built in a classical Indian style . Honeymoon hotspot : Club Revenge  32-34 Old Steine St. , Brighton ; +44 1273 606 064  has been a fixture of gay Brighton 's nightlife for two decades . Phuket , Thailand Thailand 's raunchiest island is a nonstop merry-go-round of bars and nightlife catering to the traveler who wants it all and wants it cheap . The Thai islands are great for those who want luxury but have blown the budget on the wedding . Phuket and other nearby Andaman Sea islands are also a paradise for scuba divers and offer plenty of peaceful alternatives away from the clubs . Honeymoon hotspot : The Paradise Complex  Rat-U-Thit Road , Patong , Kathu , Phuket ; +66 76 341 804  in the town of Patong hosts outdoor drag shows at places such as the Kiss Bar . Puerto Vallarta , Mexico There are more than a dozen gay-friendly hotels in Puerto Vallerta , the town on Mexico 's Pacific coast that 's home to the country 's biggest gay scene . The place has more history than many Mexican resorts and there are hideaways in the surrounding jungle for those who need to unwind after the wedding . Honeymoon hotspot : The gay village centers on the Blue Chairs  Malecón y Almendro No. 4 , Puerto Vallarta , Jalisco ; +52 322 222 5040  resort section of the beach , where there 's raucous entertainment at night . Sydney Sydney 's gay pride march is the biggest and brashest in the world . The city is famously LGBT-friendly , nowhere more so than the center of gay Sydney : Taylor Square on Oxford Street . The city 's bars and restaurants are some of the best in the world , so it 's a great place for foodie couples -- particularly the pricey venues in the Rock 's area . Honeymoon hotspot : As a harbor city , Sydney offers opportunities to polish surfing skills on some of the local beaches , such as the world-famous Bondi -- which claims to be the location of the first ever gay surfers ' group surf . Let 's Go Surfing , 128 Ramsgate Ave. , North Bondi ; +61 9365 1800 Sitges , Spain The center for Spain 's gay scene is 20 miles  32 kilometers  along the coast from the stunning architecture and cultural life of Barcelona . Once just a fishing village , in the 20th century it became a haven for artists including Picasso , and now welcomes an international gay community . The town has a calendar of annual events including the town carnival , a film festival , a classic car rally and the full range of traditional Spanish village religious festivals . Honeymoon hotspot : Parrots  Carrer de Joan Tarrida , 16 , Sitges , Barcelona ; +34 938 94 13 50  one of the city 's best-known gay hotels , also has its own popular gay cafe .	Association of British Travel Agents has named its top 10 destinations for same-sex honeymoons An increasing number of destinations are catering to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender travelers Top same-sex honeymoon spots include Cape Town , Sydney and Tel Aviv Miami hosts three of the world 's biggest LGBT events , among them the Winter Party Festival
CNN  -- With Walter White dead , fans everywhere are mourning , celebrating , tallying up bets and discussing what just happened . Was the series finale of "  Breaking Bad " satisfying ? Did it tie up all loose ends ? Did the character you wanted to live survive and did the ones you wanted to die get their just deserts ? Is it sending you back to the beginning to binge watch it all over again ? Just when it seemed Walt was heading out of his New Hampshire hideaway to exact revenge on Elliot and Gretchen Schwartz  for dismissing his involvement with Gray Matter Technologies in the episode previous  , he pulled the first of several surprises of the evening . Instead of threatening to kill them outright , he asks them to set up a trust fund so that his children would benefit from the money he 'd illegally amassed  presumably the goal of his entire meth enterprise to begin with  . Gretchen and Elliott of course are terrified by his sudden appearance in their ritzy new home , but had they been paying attention , they would have seen Walt waltz on in . His entrance is a bit ironic , considering their wealth and legitimacy is in some way a result of his earlier contributions . He 's always been there , in the shadows , whether they acknowledged him or not . Bryan Cranston , man of the moment Walt wants them to "  make it right , " but of course , he knows he ca n't trust them to take care of his kids on a handshake alone , so he brought backup -- two "  hitmen " who shine sniper-style red lights on the Schwartzes to lend credibility to Walt 's threat that if for any reason his children do n't receive the money , "  a kind of countdown begins , " in which they would be killed . It 's a bluff , but they do n't know that , so it 's a win-win . Walt 's children will get the money in a semi-legal fashion , and no one will actually die in the process . That 's not to say Walt 's above taking a life or two  or more  on his way out . As he progresses down the list of necessary showdowns , Walt crashes a regularly scheduled meeting with Todd and Lydia  "  10 a.m. , every Tuesday "  and slips a little something extra in Lydia 's morning coffee via what she thinks is her favorite sugar substitute Stevia -- actually the long-awaited use of his ricin , made back in season four . With the lingering close-up on her cup , we know long before she starts getting flu-like symptoms that she 's doomed . There 's no antidote . And it 's been inevitable for a long time that Walt would finally successfully use the ricin on somebody , it was just a question of how and when . By the time Lydia realizes that her humidifier is not enough , she 's only got about one day left to live . ` Breaking Bad ' creator signs deal for CBS drama Thinking that Jesse has partnered with the neo-Nazis , Walt preps for his ultimate showdown , but he has one last detour to make -- to see his wife Skyler and their kids . "  I needed a proper goodbye , " he tells her , after it 's revealed he evaded her police protection and slipped in her new home as well . She refuses his money , and he gives her the lotto ticket with the coordinates of where Hank is buried , of where his money used to be . "  If I have to hear one more time that you did this for the family , " she starts , before he finally tells the truth : "  I did it for me . I liked it . I was good at it . And I was alive . " He gets a glimpse of Holly and Flynn , but he has one last threat to take care of , so that men in masks do n't come and threaten his family anymore in the night . Walt must have known that he would n't leave this last altercation alive , but once he realized that Jesse was not a partner but a prisoner of the neo-Nazis , he does his last good deed , and protects Jesse from the barrage of machine gun fire set to emanate from his trunk , throwing him down on the ground just below the firing line . And finally , it comes down to the two of them . Walt puts down his gun , and Jesse picks it up . Opinion : ` Breaking Bad ' is watching you "  Do it , " Walt tells him . "  You want this . " "  Say you want this , " Jesse demands . "  Nothing happens until I hear you say it . " "  I want this , " Walt concedes . And then Jesse drops the gun and tells him , "  Then do it yourself . " After all the grief and pain of their partnership , Walt and Jesse do n't kill each other . They do n't hug it out . They leave each other with a nod and a semi-smile , and poor scarred and tortured Jesse presumably gets to go and actually have a life .  Maybe with Brock ? The kid needs a parental figure , stat  . Chemistry is the study of transformation , as "  Breaking Bad " has repeatedly reminded us . Mr. Chips turned into Scarface-level meth kingpin and died of a gunshot wound from his own device , as police arrived to arrest him for his many crimes . Was Walt always Heisenberg ? Was Heisenberg only a creation out of necessity ? Would Walt have allowed Jane to die if his criminal enterprise were not threatened ? Would Walt have poisoned a child if he did n't need to take down a major rival ? And is his death "  justice ? " AMC fix for ` Breaking Bad ' addicts : ` Better Call Saul ' We 've all seen Walter White 's death coming . It was merely a question of whether his cancer or his criminal activity would get him first . With Walt coughing all the way , we 've had ample warning . This antihero was not long for this world . It took five seasons , but in Walt 's world , it was two years , two long years in which a baby was born , a psychopath was made , a DEA agent finally saw the light  albeit too late  and a mild-mannered chemistry teacher learned what it took to make him feel alive . Of course , not every loose end is tied off , but for now , it 's enough . That is , until the inevitable "  Better Call Saul " spinoff .	Walter White made several surprising moves in the finale Walt 's final confrontation was with his partner Jesse The hit AMC show took five seasons to cover two years of Walter White 's life
CNN  -- So many tyrants to resist , so many heroes to support , but the Nobel Committee decided to ignore all of that and grant the Nobel Peace Prize this year to a large bureaucratic political alliance , the European Union . The committee passed up a chance to give a tangible boost to and put the valuable global spotlight on an individual , a cause or an organization that could really benefit from the award . What a sadly missed opportunity . Peace Prize is a slap on the back for a struggling European Union Malala Yousafzai , the 14-year-old Pakistani girl shot by the Taliban for advocating girls ' right to an education , is precisely the kind of person who should have inspired those making the selection . There 's only one Malala , but there are countless people around the world doing heroic work every day , many risking their lives to end tyranny , hunger and illiteracy . I have nothing against the EU . It has accomplished important things , and the Norwegians who award the Peace Prize surely wanted to give it recognition during a time of economic turmoil and political tension in Europe . Still , the Norwegian Nobel Committee wasted the moment . We are living through a time when competing forces are fighting for radically different visions of the future . Activists for democracy , for women 's rights , for religious tolerance have faced off against state security forces , religious extremists and brutal misogynists . Zealous prosecutors , loyal to authoritarian regimes , have imprisoned artists , executed homosexuals and tortured democracy activists . Those permitted to nominate candidates gave the panel ideas , a dazzling collection of extraordinary organizations and individuals . The list will remain secret for half a century , but that did n't keep people from speculating about who might win . The favorites included Sima Samar , a doctor and human rights activist who served as Afghanistan 's women 's affairs minister until she was forced out with death threats for challenging laws that oppress women . There 's Maggie Gobran , a Coptic nun in Egypt whose Stephen 's Children charity helps Christian children living in Cairo 's slums . In Nigeria , where clashes between Christians and Muslims have left hundreds dead and threaten to tear up the country , Archbishop John Onaiyekan and Sultan Sa'ad Abubakar are fighting for reconciliation . In Cuba , blogger Yoani Sanchez struggles for democratic reform in and out of jail , as do other dissidents languish in prison . In Russia , where journalists who criticize the government turn up dead much too frequently , the number of courageous writers and artists standing up for reform includes many courageous figures . The list goes on and on . And , in case anyone doubts just what a difference the Nobel Peace Prize can make , consider some of the inspired choices the Norwegian panel has made . The military junta ruling Burma , which renamed the country Myanmar , had locked up pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi , whose party , the National League for Democracy , won the 1990 election . When she was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 , her cause -- the plight of the Burmese people -- became the world 's struggle . She was not allowed to travel to Oslo for the awards ceremony . But the Burmese people discovered that they were not alone . After many years , including more than a decade of house arrest , she was set free in 2010 . She traveled to Oslo to receive the prize in person , and now it looks as though Burma stands at the threshold of freedom . The Peace Prize of 1975 drew attention to the work of Soviet dissident Andrei Sakharov , the physicist who became , in the committee 's words , "  a spokesman for the conscience of mankind . " He spent years in exile in Siberia , but his work helped forge the nuclear test ban and international cooperation . The award became a megaphone for his ideals . In the past , the Nobel committee has proved daring and controversial . This time , it was supremely uninspired . Nonviolent figures such as the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , the Dalai Lama and Poland 's Lech Walesa became household names because they received the prize . Their protest techniques became subjects of academic study and practical guidance around the globe . Their selection inspired last year 's winner , Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo , author of "  No Enemies , No Hatred , " another of several Nobel winners who could not attend the awards ceremony because their governments put them in prison or banned them from traveling . The Nobel spotlight can bring donations and needed publicity to a cause . The push for a landmines ban started making headlines after Jody Williams and her Campaign to Ban Landmines won in 1997 . True , the committee 's choice always upsets some people . But it 's more frequently because of boldness than blandness . Naturally , the choice can be politically charged . After Barack Obama won in 2009 , with just a few months in office , it left many scratching their heads . When told of the announcement , Walesa said , "  Who , Obama ? ... He has n't had the time to do anything yet . " Obama went on to stun his hosts when he received the award . His Nobel lecture turned out to be a brilliant exposition of when war becomes a requirement for peace . It was not exactly what they expected from a Nobel Peace Prize winner . The decision reflected the committee 's hopes more than Obama 's achievements . The panel wanted Obama to become the president of peace . He accepted the award , but it turned out he was not a pacifist . The choice for this year also reflects aspirational views . The Norwegian Nobel Committee , selected by Norway 's parliament and made up mostly of politicians , is telling the world , specifically Europeans , that they should do whatever it takes to save the European Union . It is asking them to remember that Europe , the continent that in the 20th century perpetrated the worst wars the world has seen , has managed to stay mostly at peace for almost 70 years . The committee gives the credit to the EU . It was a retrospective award , a historical analysis . What the committee should have done was use this chance to take sides and to speak in a way that makes a difference in favor of freedom , equality and tolerance . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	The Nobel Committee awarded the Peace Prize to the European Union Frida Ghitis : What a sadly missed opportunity She says the committee passed on chance to put global spotlight on person or cause Ghitis : Peace Prize can make a difference ; this time it was supremely uninspired
Washington  CNN  -- Alabama now has the toughest immigration law in the nation . The law went into effect on September 29 , prompting hundreds of families to pull their children from school and workers to disappear from Alabama farms . A federal appeals court has blocked some provisions , including the one requiring state officials to check the legal status of students in public schools . No doubt , the issue is far from being settled . Alabama is just one state where an uproar over immigration has been heard . The rapid growth in Alabama 's immigrant population , a large proportion estimated to be mostly present illegally , was the impetus behind the law . But the reality of immigration is more complex than the perception . You would n't know it from the rhetoric the last few years , but immigration nationally over the past decade was slower than in the 1990s . Between 1990 and 2000 , the United States gained 11.3 million immigrants , the largest increase this country has ever experienced , a growth rate of 57 % . The 2000s , by contrast , witnessed an 8.8 million increase in immigrants , a 28 % growth rate . An estimated 40 million foreign-born individuals now call the United States home , according to Census Bureau data released in September , which we analyze in a new report . So why the ruckus now ? The context for immigration has changed considerably since 2000 . Economic times were good at the beginning of the decade , so immigrants , legal and illegal , were drawn by plentiful jobs in an expanding economy . Back then , they were viewed as assets to our labor force and society . Today , amid economic distress , unemployment and shrinking public coffers , immigrants are more likely to be viewed as a drain on resources and as competitors for jobs . During the economic expansion of the late 1990s , immigrants found new opportunities in some unexpected places . This trend continued in this decade as immigrants dispersed to new metro areas and suburbs within metro areas . The five metropolitan areas with the largest foreign-born populations -- New York , Los Angeles , Miami , Chicago and Houston -- housed a smaller share of the nation 's immigrants , just 38 % in 2010 , compared to 43 % in 2000 . Meanwhile , immigrants have increasingly settled in the suburbs , so by 2010 a majority of the nation 's immigrants are suburban residents . Nine metropolitan areasâ $ " from Scranton , Pennsylvania to Indianapolis , Indiana to Nashville , Tennesseeâ $ " experienced at least a doubling of their foreign-born populations between 2000 and 2010 . This rapid change did not come without resistance . In the eight states represented by these metro areas , restrictive immigration legislation was introduced , if not passed . Florida , Tennessee , and Alabama all participate in the 287  g  program , an agreement between state and local law enforcement with Immigration Customs and Enforcement  ICE  delegating authority for immigration enforcement within their jurisdictions . The friction in places unaccustomed to or unprepared for new inflows of foreigners , particularly those who are assumed to be present illegally , manifests itself in different ways . In Arizona , Alabama , Georgia , Indiana and South Carolina , where metro areas experienced some of the fastest or largest growth in their foreign-born populations over the decade , state legislatures passed laws in 2011 to crack down on unauthorized residents . Not every region is reacting in this way . Metro areas that want to stem their population loss and boost economic growth -- such as Detroit and Cleveland -- are devising ways to woo immigrants . These areas experienced the slowest growth of their immigrant populations among all metropolitan areas -- Detroit at 9 % and Cleveland at 6 % -- well below the 26 % growth across the 100 largest metro areas . Dayton , Ohio , where the tiny immigrant population grew by 57 % over the past 10 years , is the most recent place to buck the "  stay out " trend . The city council agreed to a new plan , crafted by 130 community members from all segments of Dayton 's communities , outlining a framework for new policies to make the city more open and supportive of immigrants . Dayton 's Mayor Gary Leitzel emphasized , "  This is not a city of Dayton government program . For this effort to be successful , it will take the support and active participation of businesses , schools , institutions and organizations throughout the Dayton area . The Welcome Dayton plan represents an attitude we all must adopt to take advantage of the brainpower , energy and resources available through the various immigrant groups coming to Dayton . " Even as Alabama state legislators were passing their restrictive legislation , city council members in Birmingham voted unanimously on a resolution condemning the law when it was passed in June , calling for a commission to figure out better ways to address the issues . There is widespread agreement that the national immigration system is broken , but no consensus on how to fix it . Given an acrimonious Congress , the emotional nature of the immigration issue -- especially in tough economic times -- and the looming presidential campaign season , federal reform is an unlikely prospect in the near future . In the meantime , a patchwork of state and local approaches will continue to address the benefits and challenges of immigration that confront people where they live , where they govern , and where budgets are made . In other words , do n't expect the uproar to die down anytime soon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Immigration actually slowed down in the last decade despite the uproar , authors say They say the immigration issue is much more contentious because of a poor economy Some areas have seen immigrant population more than double , prompting controversy Authors : While some pass laws to curb immigrants , other places welcome them
CNN  -- T-Mobile wants to beef up its cell coverage by thinking small and piggybacking on your Internet service . The carrier is offering its customers a free personal cell spot -- a router that plugs into an existing broadband connection to improve mobile phone coverage while at home . All new smartphones purchased through T-Mobile will allow phone calls and texts over WiFi . And as mentioned in Apple 's announcement Tuesday , T-Mobile will be the first carrier to support seamless switching between WiFi and cellular networks , so you do n't have to hang up and redial when you leave the wireless area . For now , the switching capabilities will only be available for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus . Why is T-Mobile pushing WiFi connections so heavily ? "  My answer is , why the f *** not ? " said T-Mobile President and CEO John Legere , who announced the news at a press event in a San Francisco bar Wednesday . Legere took the stage in pink shoes and a leather jacket , dropping his signature bad words , jokes and digs at competitors . The carefully crafted edginess is all part of the fourth-place carrier 's "  Uncarrier " marketing blitz , which positions it as the underdog taking on Verizon , AT&T and Sprint . Personal cell extenders are n't new , but T-Mobile says theirs are not the same products you can buy in stores . T-Mobile claims that one of these custom devices , which usually retail for around $ 200 , can cover a phone up to 3,000 feet in any direction -- hundreds of feel farther than existing cell spots . "  We 've injected a secret sauce that prioritizes voice calls , " said Neville Ray , T-Mobile 's chief technology officer . That means that if someone is streaming video on a WiFi network while another person wants to make a call , the video may be slowed so that the phone call gets more bandwidth . The large black box has three external antennas , plugs into an Ethernet cable and can be used instead of existing routers . There is a $ 25 deposit for the box . T-Mobile is also bringing  limited  WiFi access to the skies . On planes that have GoGo InFlight Wireless service , T-Mobile customers will be able to send and receive texts and listen to voicemails for free . The technology already exists to let passengers make phone calls , but a tangle of airline and FAA rules -- not to mention potential backlash from other fliers -- is limiting this feature to quiet activities . Legere is ambitious and vocal about his desire to overtake the top three cell companies , which he calls the "  Three Stooges . " "  T-Mobile just had its biggest month in company history , " said Legere . "  We will overtake Sprint this year ... next on our list is AT&T . " Verizon offers iPhone 6 for free	T-Mobile to offer free cell spots that plug into wireless networks to extend coverage It will also support new phones that allow calls to jump from WiFi to a cell network On planes with GoGo WiFi service , customers will be able to text and check voice mail
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Jeff Walker says from as far back as he can remember , he always wanted to be a father . Jeff Walker , with his two daughters , tried to adopt , but ultimately turned to surogacy to build a family . "  It was always something I knew , from the time I was a child . " Just like his 3-year-old daughter , Elizabeth , who says she wants to be a mommy someday , Jeff says , "  I knew I wanted to be a daddy . " Walker , a Manhattan music executive , says he and his partner had talked about adopting a baby years ago . But after three emotionally draining , failed attempts at adoption , they decided to turn to surrogacy . They contacted Circle Surrogacy , a Boston agency that specializes in gay clients . Their child was conceived with a donor egg , and then the embryo implanted in the surrogate , or carrier . After Elizabeth was born , Walker and his partner separated . He then made a critical decision -- to become a dad again , single , and by choice . "  I realized my family , my two-dad family was going to look different than I thought it was going to look , " he said . Without a partner , he would face even steeper challenges raising Elizabeth and a sibling alone . Walker says he gave the decision a lot of thought . "  That was the only part that was really controversial , because I do think there are a lot of challenges that single parents face , but at the same time I felt I was capable of handling those challenges , " he said . His second daughter , Alexandra , was born two years ago to the same surrogate , implanted with an egg from a different donor . Walker , 45 , is one of a growing number of single men -- both gay and straight -- who are opting to become fathers alone , with the help of gestational surrogacy . Surrogacy experts say because the practice is not regulated , many surrogacy arrangements are handled privately by individuals . Precise figures are hard to come by , but experts say there 's no doubt the United States is experiencing a surrogacy baby boom . Celebrities like Ricky Martin and Clay Aiken announced this year they had had babies with the help of surrogates and the the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology , representing scores of reproductive clinics , reports that the number of gestational surrogate births in the country quadrupled between 1996 and 2006 . Watch more on the surrogacy boom " Surrogacy experts say gestational surrogacy has increased steadily since the advent of in vitro fertilization in the early 1980s , because it provides an extra layer of emotional and legal protection for the client . The egg donor usually does not even know the client , and unlike the legally contentious "  Baby M " case from the 1980s , the surrogate is not giving birth to her genetic child . "  It rises as an issue far less frequently with gestational surrogacy , because women never see it as their child to begin with , " said John Weltman , president of Circle Surrogacy . His agency , which expects more than 70 babies to be born in 2009 , has seen a 50 percent growth in the number of single male clients over the past year . Walker and other men are willing to pay well over $ 100,000 to have a baby through surrogacy -- the final cost depending on the number of IVF treatments necessary and how much is paid by insurance . Circle is not the only major surrogacy provider experiencing a single-dad surge . At Growing Generations , a Los Angeles , California , agency that facilitates about 100 births a year , the number of single men seeking surrogates has doubled in the past three years , spokeswoman Erica Bowers said . Although most of their single male clients are gay , surrogacy providers say a smaller but growing number are straight . Steven Harris , a New York malpractice and personal-injury attorney , says he gave up trying to get married when he realized his primary motive was to start a family . Harris , 54 , says he knew he made the right decision after 21-month old Ben was born . "  I thought getting married was the only way to go , because I did want a family . But having Ben , I feel complete now , " Harris says .	Single men who want children find surrogate births better option than adoption Most such fathers are gay , but straight men use surrogacy as well Clay Aiken , Ricky Martin are high-profile single dads who used surrogates Surrogate does n't provide egg , making it less likely she 'll see child as hers
Seoul  CNN  -- The Rev. Sun Myung Moon , founder of the church colloquially known as the Moonies , is unconscious and undergoing treatment for pneumonia at a hospital in South Korea , a spokesman said Thursday . His doctor has given him only a 50 % chance of survival , spokesman Ahn Ho-yeol said . Doctors put the 92-year-old founder of the Unification Church in intensive care Tuesday , where he is breathing through a respirator , the church spokesman said . Moon felt ill suddenly and was hospitalized in Seoul in "  grave condition . " The Unification Church gained fame worldwide for its mass weddings decades ago , including at New York City 's Madison Square Garden . Many met their spouses-to-be for the first time during the ceremony . In addition to weddings in South Korea , couples from various countries took part in the ceremony through satellite hookups . The controversial Moon , whose church critics compare to a cult , served a federal prison term in the United States for tax evasion . He was also a strong supporter of Republican politicians including Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan , said Eileen Barker , a professor at the London School of Economics and Political Science . He was "  virulently anti-Communist , " having been imprisoned in North Korea during the Korean War before being freed by the allies , she said . Moon is the founder of The Washington Times newspaper , which vocally backed Reagan , she said . In 2010 , the newspaper was sold to a group operating on his behalf , according to a statement on the paper 's website . In his later years , his position toward North Korea softened , and he met the late North Korean dictator Kim Il-sung and invested some money in the North . His followers regard Moon as the messiah who is completing the salvation that Jesus Christ failed to accomplish . His church says Jesus was divine but he is not God , a position that puts the Unification Church outside the bounds of traditional Christianity . Different measures are under way in case of the worst-case scenario , according to the church spokesman . He did not elaborate on the measures . Followers of the church worldwide are praying for his health , he said . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Sun Myung Moon 's church gained fame worldwide for its mass weddings He is the founder of The Washington Times newspaper His doctor has given him only a 50 % chance of survival , a church spokesman says
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  Joint Iraqi forces have started what they believe will be the conclusive push to retake the Iraqi city of Tikrit from ISIS , a paramilitary force participating in the offensive said Tuesday . The forces have started "  the decisive operation " to liberate Tikrit just over a week after the overall operation began , advancing toward the city from several directions , according to a statement from the predominantly Shiite paramilitary force Hashd Al-Shaab . ISIS was n't making it easy , however . The Sunni extremist group blew up a key bridge near Tikrit , preventing the joint Iraqi forces from using it to cross the Tigris River to approach the city from the east . Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces on March 1 to retake Tikrit and Salahuddin province . Tikrit , best known to Westerners as the birthplace of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein , fell in June to ISIS , which has captured parts of Iraq and Syria for what it says is its Islamic caliphate . In the past few days , forces progressed roughly 50 miles  80 kilometers  down one road toward the city and , by Monday , were about a mile from its center . ISIS fighters have retreated toward the city center from frontline positions , Hashd Al-Shaab 's media office said Tuesday . Al-Shaab 's forces appear to be leading the fight for Tikrit , with support from the Iraqi army and Sunni tribesmen . Also assisting is Iran , which has provided advisers , weapons and ammunition to the Iraqi government . According to the Pentagon , there may be Iranians operating heavy artillery and rocket launchers as well . There have been several failed attempts to recapture Tikrit since the second half of 2014 . If Iraq regains control of the city , it could mean that retaking Mosul -- a city 10 times bigger -- is possible . The Tikrit offensive involves around 30,000 fighters . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report from Atlanta .	A major offensive for the city was launched just over a week ago ISIS forces are retreating toward the center of Tikrit , says a Shiite force participating in the offensive
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : Jordan 's nuclear ambitions Many of the region 's Arab countries have laid out plans for nuclear energy , including Saudi Arabia , Qatar , and Kuwait . But since Fukushima they are re-thinking their strategies . One country that is sticking with its nuclear energy project is Jordan . This week MME takes a look at why Jordan is going down the nuclear route . FACETIME : King Abdullah , Jordan Aside from energy issues , the Kingdom of Jordan has taken drastic measures to address issues of unemployment , corruption and poverty . In an exclusive Interview , MME sits down with Jordan 's King Abdullah to talk about the Arab Spring and the challenges that lie ahead . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Fridays : 0945 , 1745 , Saturdays : 0715 , Sundays : 0615 , 1745	Prior to Fukushima , many Arab countries in the region held plans for nuclear energy MME looks at why Jordan remains on the nucleur route Jordan 's King Abdullah talks to MME about the Arab Spring and what obstacles lie ahead
An Indian man slapped a movie star in the face during the filming of a TV show in Mumbai because of the length of her dress , police said . The man , Mohammad Akil Malik , is accused of assaulting Gauhar Khan , an actress and TV host , in a break in shooting for a music-themed reality show on Sunday evening , said V.S. Chavan , a local police official . Malik also tried to "  manhandle " Khan while asking her why she was wearing a short dress , Chavan said Tuesday . He demanded to know "  how she could wear skimpy outfits and dance to cheap songs despite being a Muslim , " the Times of India reported , citing an unidentified police official . Private security guards from the TV show overpowered Malik at the scene and handed him over to police . Malik , who works as a driver , was arrested on charges of assault , molestation and threatening behavior and is due to appear in court on Thursday , Chavan said . Khan has acted in several Bollywood films . She gained widespread attention last year thanks to her role in another Indian reality show . ` Slumdog ' star : Rape could happen to me	Gauhar Khan was attacked during the filming of a reality TV show The man accused of assaulting her objected to her dress , police say Report : He asked her how she could wear such an outfit as a Muslim He faces charges of assault , molestation and threatening behavior
CNN  -- Two leading world sports officials were sanctioned by the International Olympic Committee Thursday over cash payments they received from a collapsed sports marketing agency . The IOC executive board meeting in Lausanne handed down a warning to IAAF president Lamine Diack of Senegal , while Cameroon 's Issa Hayatou , who heads the African football conferederation  CAF  , was reprimanded . But both will remain as IOC members . The board was acting on recommendations made by the IOC Ethics Commission , who launched an investigation into corruption after a BBC television documentary which accused both men of taking money from International Sports and Leisure  ISL  . The agency , which was declared bankrupt with debts of around $ 300,000 in 2001 , had among its clients FIFA and the IAAF , which runs world athletics . The documentary also placed former FIFA President Joao Havelange under the microscope . The 95-year-old Brazilian resigned as an IOC member earlier this week and the case against him was closed . IOC President Jacques Rogge told a media conference Thursday that the fact Diack and Hayatou were not IOC members at the time they had taken money was a "  mitigating circumstance . " He added : "  The IOC has proved that we have a high respect for ethical behavior . " He refused to comment on Havelange 's resignation . Havelange resigns from IOC The details of the findings in the cases against Hayatou and Diack were published on the IOC official website Thursday . Hayatou admitted in his evidence that he had received 100,000 French francs from ISL in 1995 , but claimed that it was used to celebrate the 40th anniversary of CAF , which he has headed since 1987 . He produced minutes of a meeting in 1998 and a note from the CAF Finance Director from March 2011 to back his claims , but the IOC cast doubt on his explanation . "  It  the Ethics Commission  noted that the documents produced by the person concerned , drawn up a long time after receipt of the funds , do not guarantee that the payments were indeed made into the CAF accounts , " read their ruling . "  It considers that personally accepting a sum of money in these conditions constitutes a conflict of interests . " Diack confirmed that in 1993 he had received three cash payments totaling $ 30,000 and 30,000 French francs from ISL executive Jean-Marie Weber . He said Weber had given him the money because he felt sorry for him after his house was burnt down "  for political reasons " in March 1993 . He denied any connection between the marketing contract that ISL and the IAAF , of which he was then a vice-president , signed in June that year . The Ethics Commission took into account his personal circumstances at the time , but added : "  It notes that by accepting a cash donation in these conditions from a marketing partner of the International Federation of which he was vice-president , Mr Lamine Diack placed himself in a conflict of interests situation . " Hayatou 's reprimand is a more serious sanction , but Rogge confirmed both men will be able to continue all their duties as IOC members .	Two leading sports officials sanctioned by IOC over cash payments CAF president Cameroon 's Issa Hayatou reprimanded IAAF president Lamine Diack receives a warning Both will remain IOC members despite the punishments
CNN  -- For Leo Klink , the night was the payoff , the pinnacle , what you work most of your life for . It was the Hawaii state high school soccer championship , and Klink , a senior on the underdog Kalani Falcons , had state power Punahou in his sights . It was halftime , tied 1-1 , thanks to Klink 's chip shot over the Punahou keeper . In the stands on the night of February 9 were his proud parents , Paul and Hiroyo . "  We were having a blast , " Paul Klink said later . "  It was halftime . We 'd just seen Leo make a goal . It was the happiest moment of our life . " If the Falcons could pull this off and win their first state championship , it would be thanks largely to Hiroyo . She was the one who introduced Leo , Kalani 's star and last year 's ESPN high school player of the year in Hawaii , to the sport when he was just 7 . She was the one who spent hour after hour with Leo , working on his game when he needed to catch up with the other boys . "  I was n't that good at soccer , " Leo said , explaining that his playing time was limited to three-minute spurts so the better players could catch a quick rest . So mom was there with support and encouragement . "  She helped me practice by myself at the park , " Leo , 17 , said . "  My mom taught me about resiliency . And how you would get nowhere without having a good work ethic . " About 10 minutes into the second half , the game stopped and an ambulance was rushed onto the field . Leo and his teammates waited out the 10 - to 15-minute delay before the ambulance rushed off . Leo assumed it was a Punahou player who 'd hurt his back earlier in the game . When he saw that player back on the field five minutes after the game resumed , he figured the paramedics had made a wasted trip . "  I thought the ambulance just came for nothing , " Leo said . "  I thought the ambulance came and went to the hospital with no one in it . " Kalani coach Michael Ching knew differently . Hiroyo Klink was in that ambulance , and the last person she wanted to know that was Leo . In the stands , Paul Klink had looked at his 52-year-old wife and spotted trouble . "  She looked at me and she said , ' I feel a little bit dizzy , ' and I noticed her left arm and her left leg were dragging . And I just looked at her and I said , ` Smile . ' She looked at me like I was nuts . She tried to smile , but the left side of her face did n't move . " Paul Klink had just recently read about the signs of a stroke . He called 911 , over Hiroyo 's protests . "  She was just getting mad . ` Do n't call an ambulance ; do n't stop the game . ' I 'm like , ` You can be mad at me and try to live . I 'm going to call the 911 , ' and I did , " Paul Klink said . But she was adamant that whatever was going on with her , Leo should stay on the field . "  It was the mom 's wishes as soon as she went down , ` Do not tell Leo , ' " Ching said . What happens during a stroke The game resumed , and Punahou soon took a 2-1 lead . "  As Kalani Falcons , we do n't give up , " Leo said later . "  We came back strong as usual . " When good things happen , Leo always says "  we . " "  He 's the most unassuming star , " says Aundrea Toner , one of Leo 's longtime coaches . "  If you were to ask him who are the best three kids on the team , he would n't even name himself . " But that was n't one of three other players streaking around the Punahou defense for the tying goal . It was Leo . And , after the game went to overtime , and then penalty kicks , to decide the Hawaii state champion , that was Leo blasting the ball into the upper right corner of the net on Kalani 's final shot for the deciding margin . "  I was crying because I was so happy , " Leo said . And then his coaches came over . "  I saw their faces and I knew something was wrong , " Leo said . "  When coach told me about my mom then I just broke down with tears of sadness , " Leo said . "  I was happy and then I just got really , really depressed . " "  It was tears of joy to utter heartbreak , " Ching said . Hiroyo Klink wanted her son to enjoy all that comes with a state championship in Hawaii , the trophy , the medals , the leis that are heaped around the winners ' necks . But when Leo Klink 's name was called , he was n't there . Things were n't looking good at the hospital , and Leo was rushed there . His mom was unconscious , but she 'd gotten the news from the soccer field . "  The last thing she was told was that we won the state championship , " Leo said . Two days later , Hiroyo Klink died . Before that , Leo said he got to have one last word with the mother who had gone to every game , who had cooked meals for him and his teammates , who had recorded videos of him and made highlight reels and posted them on YouTube . "  I wanted her last thought of me to be that I loved her , and that I would be a good boy , and that I know she 's going to look over me and that we 're going to meet again someday , " he said . "  Somebody asked me once , ` What 's the best sound in the world ? What 's the worst sound in the world ? ' " Paul Klink , 48 , said . "  The best sound in the world is Leo 's laugh , but the absolute worst sound in the world is him crying over his mom when she 's dying . " Leo Klink takes solace in the fact that his mom leaves behind something beyond her husband and son . She was an organ donor . "  She 's going to save five people 's lives , " Leo said . "  And with her corneas people will see . It 's her legacy . " Leo said he 's going to do the same , that he will check the organ donor box on his driver 's license . And he 'd like to go to college to study nursing and hopes to play soccer . He knows that would mean a lot to his mom and those around him . "  He brings me to tears , " Toner said . "  I know that he never asked to be a role model , but he is such an amazing role model . " Hiroyo Klink was the family 's provider . Her husband has a congenital heart defect and is unable to work . Because her dream was for Leo to get a college education , friends have set up a fund to help that can be accessed at the Leo Klink Fund Facebook page . Read more from CNN affiliate KITV and Hawaii News Now . How to be an organ donor CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and CNN affiliates KITV and Hawaii News contributed to this report .	Leo Klink , 17 , leads his Kalani Falcons soccer team to a Hawaii state championship Amid the celebration , he learns devastating news about his mother 's health Leo "  is such an amazing role model , " longtime coach says
Fast Company  -- For years , employees at Google have suggested a project near and dear to their nerd hearts : a Google-led science fair . "  It 's come up over and over and over again , " says Cristin Frodella , a senior product marketing manager in education at Google . After all , many a Googler has fond childhood memories of explaining the genius of his or her biology experiment to passersby in a school gym .  Frodella and her best friend trained hamsters to ask for food by ringing a bell . Today those Googlers and budding scientists worldwide should be ecstatic . The company launched Google Science Fair , the first global online science competition . It 's open to full-time students ages 13 to 18 , who are encouraged to use the panoply of Google products to record and share their work . "  We want to let kids use our online tools so they can participate from anywhere in world , " Frodella tells Fast Company . "  They may be home schooled or live in a remote place or not have a physical science fair in their area . " They do , however , need an Internet connection . This is a far cry from your typical local science fair . Google 's competition kicked off this morning at its New York offices with some showy science courtesy of Syyn Labs , the company behind the Rube Goldberg machine for last year 's OK Go viral hit "  This Too Shall Pass . " Syyn 's machine for Google fired a laser , activating a rover that lifted a red curtain draped over the fair 's logo . Then Google brought a riveting cast of scientists on stage to inspire the 100 or so local students in attendance . Google 's partners include National Geographic , CERN , Scientific American , and Lego . Consequently , the judges are not your eighth-grade biology teacher and the football coach who took a freshman chemistry course . They include Vint Cerf , its chief Internet evangelist and one of the fathers of the Web , and National Geographic 's explorer-in-residence , the geneticist Spencer Wells . Cerf gave a brief history of the Internet , telling students that breakthroughs of that magnitude do n't "  just happen . " They require scientists asking questions , forming hypothesis , failing , and then asking more questions . If it seems to students as if all the good stuff has already been discovered , Cerf said , remember that "  95 % of the universe is unknown to us . It 's all Tabula rasa . " Fast Company : Google drops H. 264 William Kamkwamba , a self-taught scientist from Malawi , Africa , talked about the direct impact that science can have , not just on society at large , but on an individual community . From reading a library book , Kamkwamba , the son of a farmer and one of seven kids , learned how to build a wind mill , which powers his family 's house and pumps water in an impoverished area . He taught his neighbors how to build wind mills , too , which have transformed schools and improved conditions in the village . If his poignant story was n't enough to spur the young scientists in the room and those watching the live stream of the event online , then that of Tesca Fitzgerald , a 15-year-old dynamo from Portland , Oregon , most likely did . She began programming computers at age 5 , enrolled in community college at 12 , and last year was recognized for her skills by the National Center for Women and Information Technology . One of Fitzgerald 's experiments , using artificial intelligence to route robots and assist nurses in a local V.A. hospital , serves as the model project on the Google Science Fair site . Fast Company : More technology coverage The goal of the Google Science Fair is n't just to give great prizes , including a trip to the Galapagos Islands and $ 110,000 in scholarships . It 's to foster more interest in science worldwide and to come up with much-needed solutions to local and global problems -- if not now , then eventually . "  We want kids to make a difference in the world , " says Frodella . "  They can be agents of change . " The deadline for submissions is April 4 . In July , 15 finalists will attend the awards ceremony at Google headquarters in Mountain View , California . Visit Google Science Fair to learn more . Copyright © 2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	Google Science Fair is the first global online science competition Fair open to full-time students ages 13 to 18 Prizes include a trip to the Galapagos Islands and $ 120,000 in scholarships
CNN  -- University of North Carolina whistle-blower Mary Willingham did not just review numbers on a spreadsheet , she emphasized to CNN , but worked with the "  overwhelming majority " of the athletes she analyzed in a study about literacy -- one that was summarily dismissed by university officials the same day . Her findings , that 8 % of a sample of UNC students playing the money-making college sports of football and basketball were reading below a 3rd grade level , were met with scathing criticism by the university during a faculty council meeting Friday afternoon . In the meeting , Provost James Dean said the university 's initial analysis of Willingham 's research determined that she made a "  range of serious mistakes " in how she arrived at the reading levels of the athletes she assessed . Dean said Willingham used the wrong measurement , and relied on data that is n't supposed to be used to determine the grade level of reading comprehension . A second independent analysis of her research will be sought , Dean said . "  Our judgment at this point is that claims made based on this data set are nearly meaningless and grossly unfair to our students . " The university has not explained why it did not do this analysis , or take the time to review her claims , prior to a CNN report on the literacy of college athletes . CNN had asked for comment on Willingham 's study as early as September . Willingham said after the meeting : "  My data is 100 % correct . In addition , I worked with the overwhelming majority of the students in the data set on reading and writing skills between 2004 and 2010 . " Willingham 's study was part of a report by CNN on UNC -- and dozens of other public universities -- and whether student-athletes in revenue sports are able to keep up with their peers academically . After meeting with university officials in the wake of the CNN story , Willingham got a letter informing her that her approval to research using university records was being pulled because she broke a rule related to having the identities of the athletes she was studying . She immediately said she would reapply to continue her research . "  It 's interesting that my  permission to do research  was pulled and I was told that I could not talk about it until it was resolved . Meanwhile the provost is allowed to discuss the findings , " Willingham said , talking about the rescinding of her permission to continue research . "  That is what is truly erroneous about all of this -- and at a research university -- wow . At UNC , we protect our brand at all costs . " "  The gap in academic preparedness between profit-sport athletes and students at NCAA  Division 1  institutions perpetuates educational inequality , " Willingham said . "  Until we acknowledge the problem , and fix it , many of our athletes , specifically men 's basketball and football players , are getting nothing in exchange for their special talents . " Willingham is one of just two people in the country CNN found who have researched the reading levels of student-athletes in the revenue-generating sports of football and basketball . In talking to CNN , she also shared several compelling stories about working with unnamed student-athletes who could not write , could not sound out multisyllabic words and who could not have read a paragraph when they started school at UNC . CNN also sought data from 37 other public universities . It asked for entrance exam scores of athletes on the SAT and ACT , because the kind of research that Willingham did is simply not available from other institutions . Since September , UNC has been aware of CNN 's reporting and was asked to comment several times including on Willingham 's research . The university said it could not comment on her findings or methodology . Not until after the story aired did the university release any data . On Thursday , it released an analysis of entrance exam scores that included all student-athletes -- not just the profit sport players . Based on that analysis , UNC said Willingham was wrong about the percentage of athletes who were not academically prepared for the rigors of college classes . Included in the UNC analysis was a disclosure that 34 football or basketball players since 2004 scored below a 400 on the SAT verbal test , or below a 16 on the ACT reading and English test . At those levels , experts have told CNN a student would not be able to read a college text book . UNC , again , disputes that expert opinion , and says all but four of those athletes are in , left in or graduated in good academic standing . It 's not the first time UNC has faced questions about the quality of its academics for athletes . Two years ago , a scandal was unearthed where students , many of them athletes , were given grades for classes they did n't attend , and where they did nothing more than turn in a single paper . The local newspaper , The News & Observer , did extensive reporting on that no-show class scandal and , based on public records and interviews , uncovered how counselors with the athletes ' tutoring program used the fake classes to help keep academically challenged athletes eligible to play sports . Willingham , who has been vocal in her criticism since that scandal was uncovered , informed the university of her latest research as far back as August .	UNC claims Mary Willingham made "  serious mistakes " Willingham was shocked by the number of UNC athletes who struggled to read She stands by her data University releases own data
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's wife , Sarah , wore an outfit from designer Britt Lintner to greet President Obama and his wife , Michelle , while Michelle Obama wore J.Crew , according to spokeswomen for both sides . Sarah Brown , left , wears a dress from an American designer . Michelle Obama wears J.Crew . Both women later changed and wore other designer outfits for the formal pre-G-20 summit dinner at 10 Downing Street , the British prime minister 's official residence . Wednesday morning , Sarah Brown wore a one-of-a-kind navy dress with red lining by the American-born Lintner , a spokeswoman for 10 Downing Street said . The designer specially made the dress in navy for Brown , but retails the garment in black for $ 720 , Lintner said . Michelle Obama 's outfit included a $ 158 green skirt and $ 298 bead and rhinestone cardigan from J.Crew , the store 's Web site showed . Brown also wore a pair of Astley Clarke earrings , according to a spokeswoman from 10 Downing Street . The Astley Clarke Web site sells earrings from less than $ 100 to more than $ 10,000 . The first ladies ' choices of outfits during this summit are being closely watched by the world 's media , both in terms of style and comparative cost . Both women pay for all of their clothes themselves and receive no clothing allowance , according to spokeswomen for both sides . Lintner first designed a dress for Brown for the British Fashion Council Awards in November 2007 , Lintner said . She sells to clients only through her West London studio and said she started her company out of frustration over the selection of workwear available for women . Although the clothes are expensive , she said , they are made to last . This is not the first time Michelle Obama has chosen an "  off the rack " outfit . She has worn J.Crew before , including in American Vogue . When appearing on "  The Tonight Show " with Jay Leno , she wore a J.Crew ensemble , on which she commented , "  You get some good stuff online . " After the photo call , Obama and Brown visited Maggie 's Cancer Caring Center , where Brown is a patron . The spouses of the G-20 leaders have several events scheduled during their stay in London . On Tuesday , Brown will be host of a dinner for G-20 spouses . The dinner will take place at No. 11 Downing Street , the London residence of the chancellor of the exchequer , while the G-20 leaders take a working dinner next door at No. 10 . As well as the spouses of the G-20 leaders , prominent women in British sport , arts , fashion , charity and business are also expected to attend . Downing Street has said those invited are "  all intended to show off British talent . " Those invited include "  Harry Potter " author J.K. Rowling , supermodel Naomi Campbell and Olympic gold medal runner Kelly Holmes . Downing Street sources said Michelle Obama will be seated between Holmes and Rowling . The spouses also will visit the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden , London . They are expected to watch some short performances of opera and ballet , the Prime Minister 's Press Office said .	Gordon Brown 's wife , Sarah , greets dignitaries in American designer 's outfit Michelle Obama wears J.Crew at London , England , summit Both women pay for all of their clothes themselves
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  Lost luggage after a long flight is a common , frustrating occurrence of modern air travel . And sometimes , airlines lose things that are irreplaceable . American Jennifer Stewart says she was devastated to learn that Etihad Airways lost her most important baggage following a recent trip from Abu Dhabi to New York City : her 2-year-old pet cat , Felix . Stewart said that she and her husband , Joseph Naaman , booked Felix on their Etihad Airways flight from the United Arab Emirates to New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport on April 1 . Shortly after the plane arrived in New York that evening , Felix went missing somewhere on the grounds of Kennedy Airport , according to Etihad Airways . Felix was able to get loose , Stewart said she believes , because the cat 's plastic carrier was badly damaged at some point either during the flight or the transfer from the airplane to the pickup area . Stewart said a cargo manager called the couple to an office after they landed at Kennedy last week and notified them that their cat 's carrier had been crushed . Photographs taken by Stewart showed a large hole in the top of the cat 's carrier . At least one of the corners of the case appeared partially collapsed . Nearly one week later , Felix remains missing . "  For them to take a cat and ship him like he was cargo , not a live animal , makes me sick , " Stewart said . "  You trust that people care and are doing the job well , and then this happens . " A representative for Etihad Airways told CNN that that the loss of pets during air travel is "  extremely rare . " The airline shipped more than 200 pets last year . Etihad Airways is investigating the incident and is working with ground handlers at the New York airport to help locate the missing cat . The Abu Dhabi-based carrier also said it hired "  third-party specialists " to help in the hunt for Felix . "  We deeply regret this unfortunate incident and are keeping the owner apprised of the progress of the search , " Etihad Airways told CNN in a statement . "  We will review our pet handling procedures in the wake of this incident , as the safety and care of pets traveling with Etihad Airways is a top priority . " Stewart and her husband booked the cat 's flight as part of their job relocation to the United States after living in Abu Dhabi for more than three years . The couple said they spent $ 1,200 to ship Felix on the 14-hour flight . "  You pay all of this money , but for what ? People assume you pay extra to have your pets taken care of , but they 're treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage , " Stewart said . It is n't the first time a pet has gone missing at New York 's busiest airport . In August 2011 , a cat escaped from its carrier before an American Airlines flight from New York to San Francisco . That cat was eventually discovered -- alive -- two months later in a customs room at the airport . But the cat later had to be euthanized because of injuries and malnutrition it suffered while lost . This weekend , Stewart enlisted the help of a local nonprofit , which provided a highly trained detection dog , to help track down Felix 's scent . A wildlife biologist who works with the airport has also placed traps to facilitate Felix 's safe return , according to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . Officials at Kennedy have offered to assist Etihad Airways as the airline investigates what happened , the Port Authority said . Stewart said the couple will continue to search the airport until they have answers . "  We just want to find Felix . But I just do n't know if we will , " she said .	Couple spends $ 1,200 to ship their cat , Felix , on a flight from the United Arab Emirates Felix went missing somewhere at John F. Kennedy International Airport , airline says Pets are "  treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage , " Jennifer Stewart says
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania minister was suspended for 30 days on Tuesday after he was found guilty in a church trial for officiating his son 's same-sex wedding , according to church officials . Frank Schaefer , 51 , the pastor at Zion United Methodist Church of Iona in Lebanon , Pennsylvania , was found guilty by a jury of 13 ordained clergy members on two counts : officiating a same-sex wedding and being disobedient to the discipline and order of the church , according to Cathy Husid-Shamir , a Schaefer family spokesperson . Schaefer received a concurrent 30-day suspension for both counts . If he does not uphold the church 's discipline after the suspension , he must surrender his credentials , according to Husid-Shamir . The jury had full power in determining Schaefer 's penalty , which could have ranged from a reprimand to a full defrocking . "  I 'm obviously relieved to receive a lighter penalty than defrocking , " Schaefer said in a statement to CNN after receiving his sentence . "  I gave the jury every excuse to take my credentials when I was honest with them and said that I must continue to serve all people -- no exceptions . " Schaefer previously told CNN 's Zoraida Sambolin that his son , Tim , asked him to officiate his wedding seven years ago , and he decided to do it "  out of love for him . " Despite at one point believing that homosexuality was incompatible with his Christian beliefs , Schaefer told CNN his views on the controversial topic began to change over time . "  By the time our son came out , I was ready to embrace him , " Schaefer told Sambolin on November 14 . The complaint was filed by one of Schaefer 's church members , and the church leadership decided to act upon it , according to Schaefer . The church told Schaefer he could avoid a trial if he agreed never to perform another same-sex marriage again , but he refused . "  I ca n't commit to a statement like that , especially in light of the fact that I have two more children that are gay . " "  We want to express care and concern for everyone involved in this difficult process , " Michele Bartlow , district superintendent of the United Methodist Church , said in a statement after the guilty verdict . "  We ask for prayer . " "  Today , grace and love won over a controversial church law , " Schaefer told CNN .	Frank Schaefer found guilty by jury of ordained clergy on two counts He was sentenced to a 30-day suspension Church officials had asked him not to officiate future gay weddings ; he refused Maximum penalty could have been a full defrocking
CNN  -- CNN-sponsored Team Lotus have drafted in Karun Chandhok to replace Jarno Trulli for Sunday 's German Grand Prix . Chandhok , 27 , joined Team Lotus team as a reserve driver in March and has not taken part in a race since representing Hispania at the 2010 British Grand Prix . Trulli , 37 , is currently in his second season with Team Lotus , but the veteran Italian , who has also raced for Jordan and Renault during a 14-year career , has failed to score a point in 28 races with the marquee . "  Ever since I first joined the team I have been looking forward to this opportunity and I am determined to do my best to repay their faith in me and help the team progress , " India 's Chandhok said in a statement Thursday . Alonso claims British win for Ferrari "  I know there will be millions of Indian fans , and Team Lotus fans around the world , who will be behind me and the whole team , so I will do the best I can to give them something to cheer for . " Chandhok also received the backing of one-time grand prix winner Trulli , who vowed to help his teammate in the build up to the Nurburgring event . "  I 'm looking forward to working with Karun this weekend and doing whatever I can to help him get the most out of his opportunity in Germany , " said Trulli . "  It 's great that the team is true to its word of helping develop young talent , particularly from parts of the world where it is even harder to break through into the top rung of motorsport . " Passing judgment : Hamilton must stay aggressive When Chandhok lines up on the grid for the race he will be alongside his compatriot Narain Karthikeyan , who is in his first season with Hispania . Both drivers will be hoping to be in the cockpit when India makes its bow as a Formula One venue with a grand prix in New Delhi on October 30 .	Karun Chandhok will race for CNN-sponsored Team Lotus at the German Grand Prix The Indian will replace the veteran Italian Jarno Trulli who sits out the race Chandhok has been in Formula 1 since the 2010 British Grand Prix at Silverstone
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- First lady Michelle Obama vowed Monday to "  take no prisoners " as she and her husband launch an unprecedented bid for Chicago 's 2016 Olympic bid . First lady 's attitude about the effort to secure Chicago 's bid for the 2016 Olympics : "  Take no prisoners . " "  It 's a battle -- we 're going to win -- take no prisoners , " the first lady said with a smile at a roundtable discussion with reporters in the White House State Dining Room . She compared the intense lobbying effort to the 2008 presidential campaign , noting that in the election campaign , a lot of voters made their decision in the final days . She said members of the International Olympic Committee may do the same . "  And our view is , we 're not taking a chance , " she said . "  We 're just not going to assume that the bids -- that the decisions are made , and so that no matter what the outcome is , we 'll feel as a country , as a team , that we 've done everything that we can to bring it home . " The White House confirmed Monday that President Obama will fly on Thursday to Copenhagen , Denmark , where the International Olympic Committee will be reviewing bids from several countries on Friday . It will be the first time that an American president has lobbied the IOC in this manner . Mrs. Obama arrives in Copenhagen on Wednesday with White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett and other top aides . "  What a dynamic duo they will be , " Jarrett said . "  I think it will be high impact , I think their presentation will be both very personal , given that they know and love Chicago so well . " Mrs. Obama said she and Vice President Joe Biden have been lobbying IOC members by telephone in recent days , and that she plans a packed schedule once she lands in Denmark . "  I think I 'm talking to everybody , " she said of the dozens of IOC members who will decide the victor . She will also make a formal presentation to the IOC , before the president makes his own pitch on Friday . "  We 're each going to do our own proposal , " she said . "  I think we have as good a chance as any country . " She joked , however , that there are limits to how far they will work together . Watch Ed Henry 's full report on the Obamas ' Olympics effort " "  We 're not going to do a joint poem together , " Mrs. Obama said with a laugh . She also revealed a story that suggests she 's taking the lobbying very seriously . At last week 's G-20 Summit in Pittsburgh , she sat next to the first lady of Brazil , one of the nations with a rival bid . "  I adore her but I said , ` You know , I 'm going to hug you now and then I 'm going after you in Copenhagen , ' " Mrs. Obama recalled with a laugh . "  And she said , ` You too . ' So gloves are off . "	Michelle Obama to join forces with husband in unprecedented bid to nab Olympics The first lady promises "  to take no prisoners " during her campaign in Denmark She 'll be working her own pitch with IOC members while president makes his own She 's jokingly warned first lady of Brazil "  gloves are off " in quest to land Games
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim nation , has temporarily banned YouTube to block access to a video that many Muslims consider anti-Islamic . Protesters demonstrate against an anti-Islamic film in front of the Dutch embassy in Jakarta . Indonesia 's Communications and Information Minister sent a letter to all Internet providers ordering them to block the video-sharing Web site until further notice , a ministry spokesman said Tuesday . The minister has asked YouTube to remove the 15-minute movie "  Fitna , " but has not received a reply from the company , the spokesman said . "  Fitna , " which is the work of Dutch lawmaker Geert Wilders , features disturbing images of terrorist acts juxtaposed over verses from the Quran to paint Islam as a threat to Western society . It has been posted on several Web sites , including Google Video and YouTube . Last week , about 50 Indonesia students broke into a Dutch consulate compound to protest the movie . They tore off the gate of the embassy in the city of Medan and ripped down a flag , said a Dutch Embassy spokeswoman . Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkanende has said his government is worried that Geert Wilders ' film could provoke a violent backlash . The film has also prompted protests in other parts of the Muslim world . Soon after its release last month , hundreds of angry Muslims rallied in Pakistan , where the government temporarily blocked access to YouTube because of a trailer for Wilders ' film . The protesters burned the Dutch flag and called on Pakistan to cut ties with the Netherlands . The Dutch government and others , including the European Union and the Organization of the Islamic Conference , have rejected the film . The OIC has 57 member states across four continents and claims on its Web site to be the second largest inter-governmental organization , after the United Nations . In its statement , it urged the international community to condemn the showing of the film and asked the Dutch government to prosecute the author of the documentary under Dutch law . But Wilders has stood by his project . "  My intention was not to offend in any way , but to show the truth -- at least the truth as I see it , " Wilders told CNN . "  And if the truth hurts and could be offensive , well , this of course is not my problem . " Watch interview with Dutch lawmaker Geert Wilder . " Wilders is a member of the Dutch parliament from the conservative Party for Freedom and an outspoken critic of Islam . He said he has "  big problems " with Islam 's Prophet Mohammed , the Quran and "  everything that is stated inside this terrible book . " The title , "  Fitna , " translates in Arabic to "  strife " or "  conflict " of the type that occurs within families or any other homogenous group . The film opens with passages from the Quran , interspersed with graphic images of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks against the United States . The video also includes disturbing images of other terror attacks -- bloodied victims ; beheadings of hostages ; executions of women in hijab , the traditional Muslim attire ; and footage , with subtitles , of Islamic leaders preaching inflammatory sermons against Jews and Christians . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kathy Quiano in Jakarta contributed to this report	Indonesia temporarily bans YouTube to block video many say is anti-Islamic Govt . asks YouTube to remove "  Fitna , " by Dutch lawmaker Geert Wilders Film , which juxtaposes terrorism and verses from the Quran , has sparked protests Last week students broke into Dutch consulate compound in Jakarta to demonstrate
CNN  -- It was described as a "  dramatic shift " and a "  bombshell . " One writer dubbed it a "  stunning change . " Even the Human Rights Campaign , the LGBT advocacy organization , announced a "  seismic shift in Rome . " So it was all the more disheartening that the Catholic Church 's Synod of Bishops decided to backpedal on its surprisingly welcoming language for LGBT people and their families from earlier in the week with the release on Saturday of the final document from its meeting . Or it would have been disheartening if the interim report had n't used theological arguments that would virtually have guaranteed that same-sex couples and their families would remain second-class citizens in the church . True , the synod 's initial report employed a language of welcome that few LGBT Catholics and their friends and allies have ever heard from the Vatican . And many participants in the synod did indeed embrace the orientation toward the marginalized that has been a hallmark of Pope Francis ' papacy . Both the synod 's initial draft and final document acknowledged the blessings that can be found in different forms of family life  although the final draft explicitly limited itself to talking about "  a stable and true relationship between a man and a woman "  . Yet even if the more welcoming language of the synod 's first document had survived subsequent editing , a closer reading reveals that the theological framework it used to articulate its views had its limitations . In thinking about families whose lives fall outside the church 's norms , the synod 's initial document took its cues from a theological model first developed at Vatican II , a model that at first had to do with interreligious dialogue . But here , instead of teaching that other religious communities have only partial access to the truth about God , the synod claimed that nontraditional families only partially reflect God 's intentions for human relationships . These families have "  seeds of the Word -LSB- of God -RSB- that have spread beyond -LSB- the church 's -RSB- visible and sacramental boundaries , " the document stated . In thinking about them , the synod said it turned "  respectfully to those who participate in her life in an incomplete and imperfect way . " So , although the language of intrinsic disorder and grave sin -- the vocabulary that Catholic leaders have so often used to talk about same-sex relationships -- was laudably absent from both the initial draft and the final document , the language that the synod initially proposed still relegated LGBT persons and others to second-class status . If the synod were to have taught that same-sex couples , like those who live in other nontraditional family arrangements , are theologically akin to members of other religions , then implicitly it also would have taught that the only way that they can be fully recognized or received by the church is if they undergo conversion . After Vatican II , the council 's theological framework was perceived in some quarters as patronizing and paternalistic . The synod 's newer framework might not have fared much better . The theological tensions that swirled just underneath the surface of the synod 's original draft may explain much about the seeming backpedaling we have seen . That original draft surrounded its positive statements about LGBT people and same-sex couples with qualifiers -- qualifiers that some commentators missed or downplayed . For instance , the draft stated unequivocally that same-sex relationships "  can not be considered on the same footing " as opposite-sex marriage , and it prefaced its praise for the sacrificial love of same-sex couples with the caveat that it was not "  denying the moral problems connected to homosexual unions . " The final version , which received mixed support from synod participants , was less welcoming still : "  There does not exist any basis to establish even remote analogies between homosexual unions and the plan of God for marriage and the family . " Many believe that the synod reversed course with regard to LGBT people and same-sex unions . But that reversal seems much less dramatic when one considers the full implications of the synod 's much-celebrated initial document . Far from accepting and celebrating same-sex relationships as the signs of divine and human love that so many people -- gay , straight , Catholic , non-Catholic -- are finding in them , that document actually charted a path where those relationships could at best have only been tolerated in the church . It is clear that by avoiding a more searching examination of the presumptions about gender and sexuality that Catholic theology has inherited , the synod members did not fully confront the truly seismic anthropological , cultural and theological shifts that have occurred in the past few decades . For many of the rest of us , it is unfortunate that in rushing to celebrate the steps that the synod took last week toward a more inclusive church , we may have turned a blind eye to theological assumptions that might have given us much pause .	Vatican 's interim report discussing same-sex couples was widely seen as major shift But theological arguments used suggest it was n't revolutionary , says Patrick Hornbeck Commentators were too quick to embrace interim report , Hornbeck says
CNN  -- Being a good father is attracting attention these days . Consider : A&E Network plans a new reality show this fall about dads who work at home , called "  Modern Dads . " The Fox network has ordered a new series co-written by Seth MacFarlane called "  Dads . " NBC 's "  Parenthood , " which features some dads at home , has been renewed for a fifth season . Amazon.com carries more than 100,000 books about how to be a father , almost as many as it sells on how to be a mother . Search on Google for "  being a good father or dad " and you get about 600 million results . Government agencies and private organizations spend millions of dollars promoting responsible fatherhood . Even prisons have caught the fever , offering young incarcerated fathers classes on coping with baby tantrums and preparing baby food . Here 's the problem : Despite the hoopla over involved dads , more children than ever live without a father in the home . In 1960 , the figure was one out of 10 children . Today it 's one out of three . A new study sponsored by the Guttmacher Institute suggests one reason why . Research shows that four out of every 10 new fathers -- especially younger , less-educated men -- said their babies ' births were unintended . And we know from research that those fathers , in particular those who are not married to their children 's mothers , are more likely to walk away from the family than fathers whose children were planned . Could it be that by focusing so much attention on how to be a good father , we have failed to talk enough about when to become a father ? Over the last half-century , fathers have tripled the amount of time they spend with their kids , but that 's only about half as much time as mothers spend . Television studios may be excited about dads who work at home , but in fact such fathers are only 3.4 % of parents at home full time . We consider contraception "  a female problem . " We discuss the timing of pregnancy and parenting less often with young men than with young women , and even family planning programs have n't been very successful in reaching the guys . This may help explain why 18 - to 29-year-old men , who say it is important to avoid pregnancy "  right now , " are more than twice as likely as young women to say they would be pleased if they found out that their partner was pregnant , according to a 2010 report by The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy . The report said this was true both for men living with their partners and those who were not . Perhaps some of those men hold on to the tired assumption that fathering a child makes them manlier . Perhaps others are genuinely interested in having a child . What we know for sure , says Kelleen Kaye , co-author of "  The Fog Zone , " is that if being a parent is harder than men thought it would be , "  they can easily leave their partners holding the bag . " And many young fathers do that . In fact the proportion of mothers in this country who are single , 36 % , is rising , particularly among low-income mothers , and it shows no signs of slowing down . Fatherhood should begin not with having a baby , but being thoughtful earlier about how one would support a child . Questions about becoming a father are not that different from those for a would-be mother : Are you in a stable , committed relationship ? How well do you and your partner know each other ? How much do you trust each other ? Do you have enough education to secure a good job ? If you and/or your partner are employed , do you earn enough to support your family ? Are you ready for the lifelong responsibilities of being a parent ? There are other considerations for men who want to be involved fathers that are not so obvious . Stewart Friedman , management professor at the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School , raised some of them in a recent blog for Harvard Business Review . Men are increasingly interested in "  engaging more fully as caregivers and homemakers , " he wrote , but gender stereotypes hold them back . "  Men may wonder , what if I 'm just not a good dad ? What if I 'm perceived by my friends as unmanly because I 'm doing ` women 's work ? ' What if my children seem me as a poor role model because I 'm not the main breadwinner ? What if my boss thinks I 'm less committed because I 'm not at the office as much as the other guys at my level ? " These are all good , important questions to think about before starting a family . Because the best thing you can do to be a good father is to wait until you 're ready to be a father . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laura Stepp .	Laura Stepp : Lots of new shows , books and programs on being a good father these days That 's good , she says , but fewer and fewer American families have a dad at home Fathers more likely to walk away when a child was unplanned , she says Stepp : Let 's emphasize that the best way to be a good dad is to wait till you 're ready
CNN  -- Fire , the wheel and even cup noodles were among the varied answers to the question posed by CNN : "  What is man 's greatest achievement ? " Man set foot on the moon on July 20 , 1969 . Was that man 's greatest achievement ? Have your say . CNN producers armed with cameras put the puzzler to passersby in Berlin , Madrid , Rome , Bangkok , Tokyo , New Delhi and Paris . In the lead-up to the 40th anniversary of NASA 's Apollo 11 mission , more people might have been expected to nominate the moon landing as one of man 's greatest feats . Alas not . One woman in Germany suggested the computer . "  It has opened up my world . I can stay in my house and travel all over the world , " she said . Another suggested the airplane . "  It 's the easiest way to get from one country to the other . Imagine if you would be able to only take the ship . It would take you ages to go somewhere , so it makes humanity more flexible . " See what they said " Fire also got a look-in . "  Everything started there right ? " said one man in Spain . There was agreement in Italy : "  I think the most important is that man discovered fire because it 's bringing a lot of life . " The written word was also nominated in Italy , as were architecture and sanitation . "  The biggest achievement of mankind ? Music , right ? " suggested one woman in Spain . In New Delhi , video games got one man 's vote . "  It allows you to be whomever you want , in whichever world you want , and lets you live an alternate fantasy life , " he said . One hopeful businessman in Italy told us , perhaps prematurely : "  Peace , I 'd say peace . That would be the greatest achievement for all . " What do you think is man 's greatest achievement ? Where does the moon landing fit in ?	CNN posed the question to people in seven cities Answers ranged from fire , to the written word , the Internet , plane travel A few people nominated the moon landing as man 's greatest feat Have your say through Sound Off , or send us a video to iReport
CNN  -- The Academy-Award winning British producer and  briefly  Columbia Pictures head David Puttnam used to have a placard on the wall of his office . It read : "  Hello , he lied . " In "  The Invention of Lying , " Ricky Gervais plays a "  loser " in a society that tells only the truth . Lies are second nature in Hollywood , or maybe even first nature , so it 's not surprising that the breathtakingly simple but bewilderingly original idea underpinning the new movie from "  The Office " creator Ricky Gervais came from an industry neophyte , Gervais 's co-writer and co-director , Matthew Robinson . The idea ? In a world in which everyone always speaks the truth -- in which no one has ever so much as considered deceit , flattery , hyperbole , hiring an illegal maid or under-declaring their taxable returns -- what status , fame and fortune would fall to the first man to realize the power of fabrication ? Appropriately , Gervais ' character , Mark Bellison , works in the film biz as a screenwriter . But this being a society in which fiction has yet to be invented , his job consists of penning historical lectures that will then be read aloud to the moviegoing public by the on-screen narrator . Mark has drawn the short straw with the 14th century  no one wants to hear about the Black Death  , and he 's about to be fired , as his secretary  Tina Fey  is eager to tell him . She 's never liked him anyway ; she tells him that , too . An honest world can be a brutal place for a short , fat loser , which is all that Mark is . After all , everybody says so . The movie never surpasses the gleeful hilarity of the first 25 minutes , when it allows us to imagine just how crushing and soulless this nakedly Darwinian universe would be . The high point comes early , with Mark 's dispiriting blind date with the beautiful Anna  Jennifer Garner  , who is scrupulously frank about her first impressions and his long-term prospects , which are nil . She 's searching for a fiscally well-endowed , genetically attractive mate , and Mark ai n't him . Watch Gervais explain why Garner came cheap " Gervais has made similar , self-deprecating remarks about the chances of a chubby Brit like him making it in Hollywood -- a line he repeated at the Emmys recently -- though it must be said , so far , Hollywood seems to be welcoming him with open arms . "  The Invention of Lying " is loaded with celebrity cameos from the likes of Philip Seymour Hoffman , Edward Norton and Christopher Guest . Gervais should relax : Clowns do n't have to be Cary Grant . Funny-looking is fine for a funny man . Meanwhile Mark 's obsession with the unfairness of it all smacks of self-pity . It does n't seem to have occurred to the filmmakers that his attraction to Anna is based entirely on her looks . Garner 's role cries out for grace notes -- a kind word , a quip , an insight , some flash of warmth -- Garner can only hint at . Provocatively , the big lie that changes everything is the promise of an afterlife Mark gives to his mother on her deathbed . The word soon gets out , and Mark is forced to spell out the tenets of the world 's first religion , as dictated to him by "  the man in the sky . " Or so he says , and who should doubt it ? You have to admire the audacity of such sacrilegious mischief-making , but truth be told , the movie loses its way the longer Gervais spins out this anti-parable . His false prophet acquires fame and fortune but still struggles to convince the girl that he 's a better bet than Rob Lowe in the genes department . The ending 's uncertain mixture of cynicism and sentimentality does n't feel entirely plausible , and between them , Gervais and Robinson ca n't smooth over the story 's bumpy patches . At times , the energy just seeps out of the film . But that does n't mean "  The Invention of Lying " is n't the funniest movie around right now . At its best , it 's inspired . It 's just that Ricky Gervais still has a ways to go before his filmmaking reaches the sustained pitch of his TV work . It should be fun seeing him figure it out . "  The Invention of Lying " is rated PG-13 and runs 100 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's review , click here .	"  The Invention of Lying " has moments of inspired comedy , says Tom Charity Movie is about man who learns to lie in truth-telling society Film is flat at times , but star Ricky Gervais helps carry it over weak spots
CNN  -- Heavy swells were expected along Mexico 's Pacific coast as Hurricane Dora strengthed into a Category 2 storm Wednesday , the National Hurricane Center said . Dora was churning in the Pacific Ocean on a path that was moving it parallel to the southwestern Mexican coast , the center said . The hurricane was about 215 miles off the coast of Lazaro Cardenas , the center said . It was moving at 17 mph in a west-northwest direction , which placed it on a route outlining the Mexican coast . A tropical storm watch was in effect for the coastal area from Lazaro Cardenas to Cabo Corrientes , the center said . The storm had maximum sustained winds of 105 mph . Strengthening of the storm was expected in the next 48 hours , and Dora could become a major hurricane by Wednesday night , the center said . The storm was expected to produce strong winds and swells that will be felt on the Mexican coast . "  These swells are likely to cause life-threatening surf and rip current conditions , " the center said .	Hurricane Dora strengthens into Category 2 storm It has maximum sustained winds of 90 miles per hour A tropical storm warning is in effect for southwestern Mexico
CNN Student News  -- April 11 , 2014 The Atlantic Hurricane Season is coming , but it 's not expected to be particularly stormy . Today on CNN Student News , we 'll tell you why and explain that forecasting is not an exact science . We also take you deep beneath the ocean 's surface , and we look into the mystique of the Masters Tournament . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why do you think that some audiences might be interested in advance weather forecasts ? How might this information be used ? What might be its limitations ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What famous author of King Lear is being remembered in celebrations marking his 450th birthday this month ? 2 . Voters in what country waited in line for hours and braved Taliban threats of violence in order to cast their ballots ? 3 . Britain 's Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are more commonly known by what first names ? 4 . What is the term that refers to a measurement of water depth equal to six feet ? 5 . The phrase "  Boston Strong " helped unite the city and the U.S. after the 2013 terrorist attack at what event ? 6 . What "  season " officially begins on June 1 ends on November 30 ? 7 . What major federal law designed to outlaw discrimination in businesses and public places was signed 50 years ago ? 8 . What term , associated with a large loan , refers to the cost of borrowing the money , including the interest rate and other fees ? 9 . What military base did President Obama visit this week to participate in a memorial for soldiers who were attacked there ? 10 . Winners of what major , international sporting event are awarded the green jacket ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- What appears to be the outline of a child in a fetal position can be seen in a photograph of the trunk liner from the car driven by Casey Anthony , a Florida woman charged with killing her 2-year-old daughter , according to documents released in the case . Caylee Anthony 's skeletal remains were found near her family 's home in December . "  A very interesting photo exists of the trunk liner ... which highlights the very large stain , " FBI Intelligence Analyst Karen Cowan writes to a colleague in a September 2008 e-mail contained among nearly 1,000 pages of documents released Tuesday . "  If you look closely at this photo , there appears to be the outline or silhouette of a child in the fetal position . You can make out what may be the back , bottom and legs most clearly . " An FBI supervisory photographic technologist replied in a later e-mail , "  We do not report conclusions about what may or may not have left any marks or impressions in cases like this -- it is too speculative . Others can draw their own conclusions about that . " Watch Nancy Grace report on the documents " Anthony , 23 , is charged with first-degree murder in the 2008 death of her daughter , Caylee Anthony . Prosecutors have said they are seeking the death penalty against her . The child 's skeletal remains were found in December in a wooded area about a half-mile from the home where Caylee and her mother lived with Casey Anthony 's parents . The cause of Caylee 's death is homicide by undetermined means , authorities have said . Police released documents this year showing they believed that Caylee was slain within days of the time she was last seen and that her body was in the trunk of her mother 's car for "  a period of time . " An attorney for Casey Anthony 's parents , Brad Conway , released more documents Wednesday , according to CNN affiliate WESH . Among them were results of an FBI test that show fibers taken from duct tape found across Caylee 's mouth do not match similar fibers from tape that was found on a gas can in the Anthonys ' garage , the station reported . "  It was easy in the beginning to say , ` Well , you know , the duct tape on the gas can and the duct tape at the crime scene , they 're similar , ' and people draw conclusions from that , " Conway said . "  Now we have an FBI report that says they 're dissimilar , that they 're not matched . Now I think the view of the land is a little bit more accurate than it was six months ago . " In a May interview on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " George and Cindy Anthony said they believe that their daughter is innocent . Other documents released Tuesday by authorities show that : • Unidentified female DNA found on the duct tape on Caylee 's mouth was matched to a female FBI agent involved in processing the site where the remains were found . • A hair found in the trunk of the car is consistent with that being from a dead body , although authorities can not say that for sure . The hair is also consistent with that taken from Caylee 's hairbrush and is different from Casey Anthony 's hair . An FBI agent says in an e-mail that it would be good to have more than one hair showing decomposition , if others are found , because there could be some "  random possibility of why one hair would look like that . " CNN 's Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	FBI intelligence analyst speculated on photo in September 2008 e-mail "  We do not report conclusions ... in cases like this , " supervisor replied Casey Anthony is charged with murder in death of 3-year-old daughter Police believe that Caylee 's body was in mother 's car trunk
The windmilling fists and stomping feet rain down blows on the 13-year-old boy . Trapped on the floor between the bus seats , he cries out as he receives fierce punch after vicious kick from the three bigger , older youths . As the relentless assault unfolds , the driver of the Florida school bus alerts the dispatcher , pleading for aid . But he does n't physically step in to help . The bus driver , at least according to his school 's policy , did nothing wrong . The attack took place July 9 in Pinellas County , Florida . But the horrific cell phone video -- and the surveillance video -- came out only recently . As the boy is pummeled , the bus driver , John Moody , yells at the assailants to leave the boy alone . He also asks dispatchers to send help . "  You got ta get somebody here quick , quick , quick , quick , " he says . "  They 're about to beat this boy to death over here . " "  Please get somebody here quick . There 's still doing it , " he adds . "  There 's nothing I can do . " ` Like a bad dream ' Moody , 64 , said on CNN 's Piers Morgan Live that he was calling for help on his radio , as school policy required . "  Me jumping in the middle of that fight with three boys , it would have been more dangerous for other students on the bus for as myself , " he said . "  There 's just no telling what might have happened . " Earlier , he told CNN affiliate WFLA he was "  in shock " and "  petrified . " And he told CNN that watching the video is "  like a bad dream . " "  I took it really personal . I had many sleepless nights . I had nightmares , " he said . Moody retired two weeks after the attack , after 18 years driving buses . The fight was "  the final straw -- and it was a big straw , too , " he said . Police say the youths attacked the 13-year-old after he told officials at their dropout prevention school that one of them had tried to sell him drugs . The ferocity of the attack left the victim with two black eyes and a broken arm . Could your child be a bully ? Criticism , but no basis for charges Gulfport Police Chief Robert Vincent told WFLA that Moody should have stepped in . "  There was clearly an opportunity for him to intervene and or check on the welfare of the children or the child in this case , and he did n't make any effort to do so , " Vincent said . But prosecutors say they have no grounds on which to bring charges . "  It was n't like he was looking out the window cleaning his fingernails or something like that , " said Chief Assistant State Attorney Bruce Bartlett , according to CNN affiliate WFLA . In 2012 : New York teen says bullies beat and blinded him According to Pinellas County school policy , the bus driver is n't required to intervene , only to call dispatch . He can step in , if he feels it 's safe . Police said Moody could have given first aid to the victim after the attackers jumped off the bus , but Bartlett said the 13-year-old did n't hang around . "  The kid gets up and skedaddles out the door , " he said . Outrageous moments caught on camera Other counties actually forbid drivers from physically stopping fights . And Moody 's lawyer , Frank McDermott , said the complaints about Moody are unfair . Other students "  would have been put in huge danger had he tried to physically intervene , " McDermott said . And he said "  a lot of attention " should be focused on school administrators , whom he suggested could have done more to prevent the beating . "  School officials let these two boys back on the bus , or let them on the bus , and Mr. Moody had no idea what had happened at the school , " McDermott said .	Bus driver says intervening would have made things worse An attack in Florida by three 15-year-olds left a 13-year-old boy with a broken arm The driver called for help and told the attackers to leave the boy alone But local police suggest he could have done more
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The parents of a California girl who was allegedly raped and killed by a registered sex offender are calling for tougher standards against repeat offenders . "  How many times do our daughters need to be raped before we put these monsters behind bars forever ? " said Kelly King , mother of 17-year-old Chelsea King , in an interview Thursday with CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  I just do n't -- I do n't get it . Change has to be made , " she continued , "  and I know that there are people out there that are trying to , you know , get this change in place . " She said she and her husband , Brent King , "  are committed for the rest of our lives to be a part of that . " On Wednesday , John Albert Gardner III , 30 , a registered sex offender , was charged in the rape and murder of Chelsea , who lived in the San Diego area . Gardner , who is being represented by a public defender , was also charged Wednesday with assault with intent to commit rape in an attack on a jogger in December 2009 . He pleaded not guilty to all charges . Gardner , of Lake Elsinore , California , will not be allowed to post bail . If convicted , the charges against Gardner make him eligible for the death penalty , the San Diego County district attorney 's office said Wednesday . The prosecutor 's office said it has not determined whether it will seek capital punishment . For the Kings , there 's no question . "  I think the death penalty is a very appropriate punishment for this case , " Kelly King . Brent King said he had "  100 percent agreement " with his wife . Searchers found a body on Tuesday they believe to be that of Chelsea King . Police arrested Gardner on Sunday . King had been missing since February 25 . Investigators said she was last seen at her school in Poway , about 15 miles north of San Diego . Her car , with her cell phone inside , was found at Rancho Bernardo Community Park . Searchers found remains in a shallow grave at that park ; they were found along the shoreline of a tributary south of a lake , authorities said . The body was found in a heavily wooded area not visible from nearby homes . A shoe had been found earlier in the same area , the sheriff said . King 's parents , noting she was a great student and avid runner , said she had gone for a run at the park before she disappeared . "  It 's a lovely area , very peaceful , very picturesque -- exactly what Chelsea ... loved to be in , " Kelly King said . She said the couple 's son , 13-year-old Tyler , was extremely close to his sister . "  He 's struggling through it just like us , " Brent King added . Gardner 's next court appearance , a status hearing , is scheduled for Tuesday . His preliminary hearing is scheduled for March 18 .	Parents of Chelsea King make appearance on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " They call for tougher standards against repeat sex offenders Registered sex offender John Gardner has pleaded not guilt to raping and murdering Chelsea Mother says death penalty is "  a very appropriate punishment for this case "
"  Frequency modulation , " exclaims South African radio shock jock Gareth Cliff in an online video posted earlier this year . "  Which f *** ing Hitler used in World War II for propaganda ! " Cliff -- who is famous for his outrageousness on the airwaves and is sometimes compared to American radio personality Howard Stern -- tries hard to stifle a grin that betrays a mischievous mixture of exasperation and comedic bombast . "  Is this a medium we should be proud to use ? " The audience laughs -- but the bonhomie belies a serious point . How has radio progressed so little over the last 70 years ? Sure , there may now be digital radio and more interaction between programs and their listeners today , Cliff explains . But much of the original formula where a presenter broadcasts to a passive listener interspersed by advertisements remains . It was this stasis that eventually pushed Cliff to earlier this year quit his popular morning show at national station 5FM and take a leap into the unknown . Radio Revolution He has since founded Cliff Central , a web-only "  un-radio " venture that aims to merge online broadcasting with social media and instant messaging platforms . The idea is to engage directly with listeners  and attract advertisers  and the early benefits are many , Cliff says . No longer is he constrained by regulatory guidelines -- meaning he can drop the F-bomb live on air without a rap on the knuckles -- nor does he have to pay for a broadcast license . But the real advantage , he explains , is interacting with listeners in a new and exciting environment . "  Mobile is definitely where the action is , " Cliff says . "  We have phones with us wherever we go . " This is increasingly the case in Africa . Market intelligence firm , the International Data Corporation , expects the smartphone market on the continent to double in volume over the next three years and account for close to a third of all handset shipments by 2017 . South Africa will remain the largest smartphone market in Africa in the near-term with more than a million units being shipped there each month , the IDC said last year . "  Anybody who is n't adaptable to the possibilities that mobile represents is going to miss out on a huge business opportunity , " according to Cliff . The rise of mobile Like most modern media outlets , Cliff Central has embraced the likes of Facebook and Twitter  a task made easier by the fact Cliff has close to a million Twitter followers  , integrating them into its service early on . All shows are also available via live streaming , podcast and for online download after the event . The most intriguing development , however , is what Cliff Central is doing on the hugely popular mobile communication app , WeChat . Thanks to an initial partnership with the Chinese firm -- who have been looking at ways of publicizing their services in Africa -- users have been able to listen to Cliff Central shows through the app , as well as being able to directly contact presenters and debate the content of shows with friends and fellow WeChat users . The concept is similar to the way that people may watch something on TV and then use Twitter to discuss what 's going on via hashtags . The major difference with Cliff Central 's WeChat platform is that broadcast and discussion all happen within one app . "  We 've got 120,000 WeChat official account subscribers to Cliff Central . I do n't know if that 's a lot or a few as I do n't really have a frame of reference to compare it to , " Cliff explains . "  But what I 'm pleased about is that the level of engagement with those people is extremely high and it 's growing . " It 's this engagement that Cliff explains is proving attractive to advertisers . In the future , rather than being subjected to five or six minute advertisements for products that may or may not be relevant -- as currently happens on the radio -- he foresees companies targeting consumers more directly through the app and podcasts . This will leave greater time for programming and should prove more fruitful for advertisers . "  I think that 's a real value proposition to an audience , " Cliff says . "  It 's also a very big commercial proposition and it ties radio in most especially in a measurable way . " Relaying the instant message Numerous other media organizations have already tried to square the circle of using popular instant messaging platforms to distribute their content . The BBC used the WeChat and Whatsapp products when covering the Indian elections in early 2014 . The corporation also adapted the Mxit app to distribute content during South Africa 's parliamentary elections in May . Elsewhere , Buzzfeed have added a Whatsapp sharing button on their mobile stories while WeChat has stated its intention to move into Nigeria and other African countries where smartphone usage is high by working with local media organisations . Closer to Cliff Central in South Africa , other web-only stations have popped-up in recent years . 2Oceansvibe Radio was one of the country 's first online-only outfits and paired up with WeChat a few months after Cliff Central launched . According to Chris Botha , managing director of industry analysts The Media Shop , both ventures have generated a lot of buzz . But Botha is quick to add that it 's difficult to tell how successful they have been so far because they have "  been quite cagey in terms of the data they are sharing with advertisers . " Cliff even admitted earlier this year that releasing a rate card at the wrong time could "  kill us . " And building the audience is n't the only problem the online upstarts face . Broadcast radio remains popular , free to listen to and attractive for advertisers , Botha adds . Then there are the potential added data costs for listeners streaming content on their phones . For Cliff , these are challenges , but they are not insurmountable . He is clear that he does n't want to replace radio in South Africa , rather offer something different . "  What 's different is we are using superior technology to allow people to consume on their own basis what they 'd like , " he said . Advertisers "  really get this . The people who really know about these things  media , digital advertising and branded content  are as excited about this as we are , " he adds . Given the popularity of radio and the growth of smart phone devices in South Africa and across the continent , there will be plenty of observers interested in how Cliff 's "  un-radio " project turns out .	Cliff Central is new mobile ` unradio ' station by South African shock jock Gareth Cliff Listeners can access show , chat to others through WeChat app Broadcaster is excited by possibilities , industry experts remain cagey about prospects
CNN  -- On Friday , AOL chief Tim Armstrong apparently fired AOL Patch.com Creative Director Abel Lenz during a conference call with some 1,000 employees listening . The CEO was explaining changes at Patch that would reduce the number of sites in its local news network from 900 to 600 . During the call , according to a number of sources , Armstrong told Lenz to put his camera down and then , in the same breath , told him he was fired . Then Armstrong resumed his conference call . It 's hard to know from the audio of his remarks -- which rocketed around online after the incident , drawing mainly derision and shock -- the complete circumstances of the exchange . On the face of it , though , it did n't sound so good . Was it good leadership ? One of the top capabilities for adults in leadership roles is the ability to manage emotions even under the most trying circumstances . This self-awareness and self-management is part of being emotionally intelligent . Leaders ' behavior has tremendous impact on others . Not only does it affect morale and productivity , it also provides the behavioral model for others who look up to the person in power . CEOs more than most have to manage the elegant balance of communicating tough messages in a straightforward manner but with a respectful style . They are representing themselves and the culture of their organizations to the world . There was a better way for Armstrong to have expressed his frustration at Lenz . Armstrong was conducting a conference call to a huge number of employees , and he was trying to deliver a tough message to them . No doubt Lenz 's taking photos of him during this call irritated and might have distracted Armstrong from his focused message . As humans , we all get stressed , have rough days and get triggered emotionally by the behavior of others . In fact , those of us with the highest standards of performance tend to have the strongest reactions . But that does n't give license for us to react impulsively . Would we say to a colleague who is talking nonsense : "  You are stupid ? " Likely not . If we needed to convey dissatisfaction with an employee 's conduct , we do it privately so as not to humiliate the colleague and make ourselves appear heartless to others . At the same time , Armstrong had the right to feel annoyed . He was trying to give a difficult talk . What should he have done ? Remembering his role as a leader , he should have sternly told Lenz his behavior was distracting and that if he did n't stop , there would be consequences . If Lenz became insubordinate , Armstrong should not have lost his temper but should have made a decision to deal with the behavior at a later time . And that 's after he did his due diligence with his human resources department . And he would advise Lenz that a confrontation was not productive while he was conducting a conference call , but that there would be discussions in private . The outcome might have been the same but would have seemed to follow from reasonable judgment and not a knee-jerk emotional reaction . I do n't know the CEO in question and his relationship with the employee . There may be much more going on than we know at this point . But given Armstrong 's leadership role , I would coach him to be accountable for what may have appeared to the listeners to be impulsive behavior and to do some damage control . Most people are forgiving when they know their leaders are human . But they respect and are inspired by the leader who demonstrates humility , accountability and willingness to admit and learn from mistakes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marilyn Puder-York .	Marilyn Puder-York : AOL chief apparently publicly fired employee on conference call She says leaders need to manage their emotions , even under trying circumstances She says employee may have been annoying , but boss should have dealt with it privately Writer : CEO should do damage control : employees respect accountability , humility
CNN  -- For Titanic enthusiasts , it 's a last chance to glimpse the famous cruise liner in its final resting place , a full 100 years after the vessel 's tragic demise . A series of expeditions by marine dive specialists Deep Ocean Expeditions  DOE  will take paying tourists to the wreck site 12,000 feet below the surface of the North Atlantic Ocean in early July . The British company has been running Titanic tours since 1998 but expedition leader Rob McCallum says the forthcoming trips will likely be their last . There are currently no other organizations that offer commercial forays to the Titanic , meaning this summer 's voyages could also be the last to cater to the paying public . "  We actually finished the Titanic dives in 2005 but it 's the centenary year and we had so many requests to make the trip that we decided to do it one more time , " says McCallum . "  Now that the last survivor has passed I just think it 's time to move on ... we 've been to Titanic 197 times and it 's time to do other things , " he adds . See also : Deep sea tourism , voyage to the bottom of the sea Three separate Deep Ocean Expedition  DOE  trips are already fully booked to set sail from Saint Johns , Newfoundland , catering to 20 paying guests a time and lasting for 12 days each . It will take a day and a half sailing time to reach the dive site and once there lectures will be given to prepare divers for the rigors of the deep sea . A Mir submersible chartered from the Russian Academy of Sciences -- one of the only vehicles sturdy and technologically advanced enough to reach such depths -- will then make a series of visits to the wreck site . "  Dives take between 10 and 12 hours to complete , " says McCallum . "  It takes two hours to get down and two hours to get back . That gives  at least  six hours down on the wreck looking around , " he adds . See also : Did the moon sink the Titanic ? Divers are able explore the outer regions of both the bow and stern sections of the fractured vessel -- which are situated three quarters of a mile apart on the ocean floor -- as well as peer into the ship 's inner sanctum , says McCallum . "  It is an emotional experience , " he says describing the sight of the Titanic first coming into view . "  It is just such a big vessel . There is something about Titanic in terms of her majesty and her grace . She was the pinnacle of human engineering achievement at that time , " he adds . See also : 100 years later , Titanic 's allure still strong Although heavily involved in organizing and planning the trip for DOE , McCallum has only ever been able to take the plunge to the Titanic once . At a cost of $ 59,000 per person , doing so makes the experience "  a once in a lifetime " adventure for most , he says . Yet despite the hefty price tag , it is not just the super wealthy who are keen to climb aboard , adds McCallum . He explains that there are just as many people on middle incomes , who are enthusiasts or have a historic link to the ship , that save up for years so they can make the journey . See also : The Titanic up for auction "  They are driven by a passion , " says McCallum . "  Sometimes it 's a link to Titanic , to relationships with someone that was on board or in the construction or operation of the vessel . " "  Other times there are people of an engineering bent , and occasionally it is not people who are interested in the wreck , they are just interested in getting two and half miles below the surface to see what 's there , " he adds . No matter what the individual reasons may be , almost all who make the trip are humbled by what they experience , says McCallum . For them , "  To actually see the Titanic and to explore it is the culmination of a dream , " he says . Unless another company comes along with a viable plan to continue the commercial voyages , however , McCallum believes it likely that future generations will be unable to indulge their varying Titanic curiosities first hand . "  If someone wanted to try it , good luck to them , " McCallum says . "  Unless you are already substantially invested within deep-water explorations , I find it likely that ... . it would be too much of a challenge , " he adds .	A series of dive expeditions will take tourists to the wreck of the Titanic this summer Enthusiasts can pay $ 59,000 to reserve a place on one of the dive trips The company running the tours says it is unlikely to do so again
CNN  -- An accident on a swing ride at a Connecticut festival Sunday injured 13 children , some seriously , according to police . The ride "  apparently lost power causing the children on the ride to forcefully fall to the ground , " police in Norwalk , Connecticut , said on the department 's Facebook page . Most of the injuries were minor , police said , but several were seriously injured , "  including two which appeared to be the most serious . " Deyo Ello told CNN affiliate News 12 Connecticut that he watched in horror from the Ferris wheel line . "  It was a big boom , a big crash , three or four times over , " he said . "  They slammed into the base of  the ride  , and then you heard a whole bunch of screaming . " Ello tried to go on the ride with his daughter , but they were turned away when she did n't meet the height requirements . Seeing injured children lying on the ground after the accident was devastating , he told News 12 . "  If she was tall enough , that would have been her , " he said , grabbing his daughter 's hands . "  My heart is broken . I 'm speechless . It ruined the day , you know . " The accident occurred at Norwalk 's annual Oyster Festival . In a statement on its Facebook page , the Norwalk Seaport Association , the festival organizer , said the well-being of the children and families involved was its only concern . The festival temporarily shut down rides after the accident but reopened them Sunday evening after fire investigators and the ride company inspected them . "  We are cooperating fully with the investigating authorities , " the association said . "  Any further questions should be directed to them . " Stewart Amusement , which owns the rides , could not be immediately reached for comment . The company 's owner told News 12 Connecticut that he is cooperating with investigators . The swing ride was inspected by state officials on Friday and deemed to be safe , he said . After deadly roller coaster ride , more questions than answers CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : CNN affiliate : The ride owner says state inspectors checked it on Friday Witness : "  It was a big boom , a big crash ... and then a whole bunch of screaming " Rides reopened after inspectors investigated , organizers say The swing ride apparently lost power , sending children "  forcefully " to the ground
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's memorial service will take place Tuesday morning in the Staples Center , the 20,000-seat coliseum in downtown Los Angeles where Jackson rehearsed his show the night before he died , according to a person who has been briefed by a representative of the family . Michael Jackson was rehearsing at Los Angeles ' Staples Center . His memorial will now be there . No other details about the service , set to begin at 10 a.m. Tuesday , have been revealed . Thursday , CNN learned the family trust created by Jackson to receive all of his assets includes his mother , his children and a list of charities , according to a person with direct knowledge to the contents of the trust . Katherine Jackson 's 40 percent share would go to Michael Jackson 's three children after her death , the source said . The children -- ages 7 , 11 and 12 -- will also share 40 percent of the estate 's assets and the remaining 20 percent will benefits charities designated by the executors of the will , the source said . Jackson 's will did not specify where he wished to be buried . Many of his fans had hoped they 'd get a chance to pay last respects at Neverland Ranch , which Jackson purchased in 1987 , filled with animals and amusement rides , and named after the fictional world in J.M. Barrie 's "  Peter Pan . " Planning had been under way for a motorcade to carry Jackson 's body from Los Angeles to the ranch in Santa Barbara County , California , which state and local officials suggested would be difficult and costly . A public viewing at the ranch on Friday also had been under consideration , law enforcement sources said . Gregory Son , a 31-year-old musician , was among many fans who had planned to ride to the ranch to say goodbye to Jackson . "  I think he was a modern-day prophet , " Son said outside Grauman 's Chinese Theater in Hollywood . "  We kind of lost our father . " DEA joins investigation On Wednesday night , a federal law enforcement official said Wednesday night that the Drug Enforcement Administration had joined Jackson 's death investigation , once again fanning speculation that drugs may have been involved in the pop icon 's passing . Two law enforcement officials separately confirmed the DEA probe , saying agents would look at various doctors involved with Jackson , their practices and their possible sources of medicine supply . Neither official wanted to be identified because they could not comment publicly on the matter . Officially , a DEA spokeswoman referred questions to the Los Angeles , California , police department -- which would not confirm the involvement . "  We routinely offer assistance to any agency regarding the Federal Controlled Substance Act , " said Sarah Pullen of the DEA . "  However , at this time , we have nothing further to comment about the death of Michael Jackson . " Speculation about the role of drugs has been swirling since Jackson died on June 25 at his rented estate in Holmby Hills . The cause of his death , at age 50 , was pending toxicology results . On Wednesday , police released a car belonging to Jackson 's cardiologist , Dr. Conrad Murray . They had impounded the vehicle Friday , saying it might contain evidence -- possibly prescription medications . Police did not say whether they found anything . Murray 's lawyers issued a statement , asking the public to reserve judgment about the cause of death until the coroner 's tests are complete . "  Based on our agreement with Los Angeles investigators , we are waiting on real information to come from viable sources like the Los Angeles medical examiner 's office about the death of Michael Jackson , " the statement said . "  We will not be responding to rumors and innuendo . " The comments were in reaction to a claim by a nutritionist who said Jackson suffered from severe bouts of insomnia and pleaded for the powerful sedative , Propofol , despite knowing its harmful effects . "  I told him this medication is not safe , " said Cherilyn Lee , a registered nurse . "  He said , ' I just want to get some sleep . You do n't understand . I just want to be able to be knocked out and go to sleep . ' " Will nominates Jackson 's mother as kids ' guardian Meanwhile , details of Jackson 's will -- written on July 7 , 2002 -- showed that the singer estimated his estate to be worth at least $ 500 million . In it , he nominated his mother , Katherine Jackson , as the guardian of his three children . If his 79-year-old mother is not living , "  I nominate Diana Ross as guardian , " Jackson stated . Singer Ross , 65 , is a lifelong friend of Jackson 's . The will said Jackson "  intentionally omitted " his former wife and the mother of his two oldest children , Debbie Rowe . It will be up to a court to decide who gets custody of the children , ages 7 , 11 and 12 . Rowe has not publicly indicated whether she will challenge the Jacksons for custody . The two men whom the will named as executors immediately filed a request to take control of the estate . One is John Branca , who represented Jackson from 1980 until 2006 and was hired again before the singer 's death . He helped acquire Jackson 's music catalog , which is worth millions . The other is music industry executive John McClain , a longtime Jackson friend who has worked with him and his sister Janet . The men said in their filing in Los Angeles Superior Court that control of the estate would allow them to tend to Jackson 's numerous outstanding debts , legal cases and business obligations . Judge Mitchell Beckloff held an emergency hearing Wednesday morning and decided there was no urgency to replace Katherine Jackson -- whom he appointed temporary administrator earlier this week . Another hearing has been set for Monday . -- CNN 's Drew Griffin , Kathleen Johnston , Michael Carey , Paul Vercammen , Carol Cratty and Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report .	NEW : Michael Jackson trust includes mother , children , charities Michael Jackson memorial to be Tuesday at L.A. 's Staples Center The Drug Enforcement Administration has joined Jackson 's death investigation Speculation about the role of drugs has been swirling since Jackson died
CNN  -- In Roger Federer 's last tournament , he lost at the U.S. Open to a player he had beaten 10 straight times . Federer returned to the singles court at the Shanghai Masters on Wednesday and in defeating Andreas Seppi , ensured that another long winning streak did n't come to an end . Whereas Federer was upset by Tommy Robredo in New York five weeks ago , he improved to 10-0 against Seppi by downing the Italian 6-4 6-3 . Having dipped to seventh in the rankings , Federer needs wins to ensure his participation at the year-end championships in London in November . He has appeared at the marquee event every year since 2002 . Federer has n't dwelled on his defeat to Robredo -- he told reporters this week he did n't want to think too much about it -- and is already looking forward to a "  great " 2014 to dampen any talk of retirement . The Swiss veteran was certainly sharper against Seppi than Robredo , especially after overturning an early break deficit in the first set . Both players , however , hit more unforced errors than winners in Asia 's top men 's tournament . Federer was the overwhelming crowd favorite , with fans chanting , "  in , in , in " when the 17-time grand slam champion challenged a forehand he hit that was called wide . "  It was great energy , I must say , " Federer told reporters . "  It gives me unbelievable motivation , inspires me to train hard , work hard , push further for that particular day , but also wanting to come back again next year , and again and again . " Rafael Nadal watched part of his great rival 's match and was mobbed by fans wanting his autograph . He obliged . The Spaniard , back to top spot in the rankings this week after a two-year absence , also advanced in straight sets over Alexandr Dolgopolov . The man he deposed as No. 1 did the same against Marcel Granollers . Novak Djokovic , the top seed because the Shanghai draw was made last week , needed a medical timeout for a foot problem but still thrashed Granollers 6-2 6-0 . "  It was just an awkward movement , " Djokovic told reporters . "  I was in an off-balance position . I was running and I made a quick movement that caused a sharp pain at that instant moment . " "  But after the match we determined that it 's nothing serious , so it 's all fine . " Murray withdraws from London When Andy Murray announced he would be undergoing back surgery last month , it was thought the Wimbledon champion would n't return until 2014 . But according to reports last week , Murray considered coming back at the year-end championships on home soil after a successful operation . Alas , Murray ruled out that possibility Wednesday . "  I 'm really disappointed not to be playing this year , " Murray told the ATP 's website . "  I love playing in front of my home crowd . It 's a great atmosphere . "  All the players look forward to competing in London and I 'll be doing my best to qualify again for the tournament next year . " His withdrawal realistically means that five players -- Federer , Stanislas Wawrinka , Richard Gasquet , Milos Raonic and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga -- are vying for the final two spots in the eight-man field . All four have advanced to the third round in Shanghai except Gasquet , who fell Tuesday to Raonic 's Canadian compatriot Vasek Pospisil . Wawrinka , who reached the last four in New York , meets Raonic on Thursday .	Roger Federer wins his first singles match since the U.S. Open by beating Andreas Seppi Federer defeats Seppi 6-4 6-3 in Shanghai to boost his record to 10-0 against the Italian Federer needs victories because he has n't qualified for the World Tour Finals Wimbledon champion Andy Murray withdraws from the year-end championships
A newly published U.S. Army regulation said until Friday that a service member could be referred to as a "  Negro " when describing "  black or African American " personnel . The Army confirmed Wednesday the language was contained in the October 22 "  Army Command Policy , " known as regulation AR 600-20 . The regulation is periodically updated but the Army could not say how recently the word was added to the document . In a lengthy section of the document describing "  race and ethnic code definitions , " the regulation stated under the category "  Black or African American " that would include , "  A person having origins in any of the black racial groups of Africa . Terms such as "  Haitian " or "  Negro " can be used in addition to "  Black " or "  African American . " The U.S. Army changed the regulation Friday and issued an apology "  to anyone we offended . " The new policy states that "  Black or African-American " are the only acceptable terms . The Army , along with the rest of the military , collects extensive demographic data on the makeup of the military force for issues such as equal opportunity and ensuring discrimination does not take place . One Army official familiar with the document said it 's possible the word was added so when forms are filled out , a black or African-American person could "  self report " and choose to identify themselves as a Negro . But a military officer specializing in personnel issues for the Defense Department called that "  the dumbest thing I have ever heard , " noting the Pentagon does not use the word in any of its extensive collection of demographic data . Lt. Col. S. Justin Platt , an Army spokesman , said the use of the word comes from an outdated section . "  The racial definitions in AR600-20 para . 6-2 are outdated , currently under review , and will be updated shortly , " he said on Wednesday . "  The Army takes pride in sustaining a culture where all personnel are treated with dignity and respect and not discriminated against based on race , color , religion , gender and national origin . "	Regulation says "  Negro " OK to describe "  black or African American " It 's unclear when the word was added Army official says the regulation will be reviewed
Washington  CNN  -- Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced some far-reaching proposals Monday for restructuring the massive budget at his agency , including getting rid of the U.S. Joint Forces Command . The cuts could mean a loss of thousands of jobs . The current Defense Department budget totals more than $ 530 billion a year , and defense officials believe they need increases of 2 to 3 percent a year to sustain the force structure and meet modernization needs . However , the recession caused the department to propose a 1 percent budget increase for next year , and the cuts announced Monday were intended to help hold down overall costs . "  We must be mindful of the difficult economic and fiscal situation facing our nation , " Gates told reporters at the Pentagon . "  As a matter of principle and political reality , the Department of Defense can not expect America 's elected representatives to approve budget increases each year unless we are doing a good job , indeed , everything possible to make every dollar count . " Gate 's acknowledged the plan was "  politically fraught , " and congressional criticism began even before Gates was finished announcing the moves . The proposal to eliminate the Joint Forces Command , which is based in Norfolk , Virginia , met with opposition from both the state 's U.S. Democratic senators . Sen. Jim Webb released a statement saying getting rid of it "  would be a step backward and could be harmful " to the military , while Sen. Mark Warner said : "  I can see no rational basis for dismantling " the Joint Forces Command . The command , which has an annual budget of $ 240 million and 2,800 military and civilian employees , is one of the department 's 10 "  combatant commands . " Unlike most of the others , it does not have a particular global region of responsibility , such as Central Command that is responsible for the Middle East . The command is made up of soldiers , sailors , airmen and Marines who are trained and equipped to work together in response to the needs of other combatant commands . It grew out of the old Atlantic Command and became the Joint Forces Command in 1999 . Gen. James Mattis had been commander until he was recently picked to become Centcom commander . Gen. Raymond Odierno , currently head of U.S. forces in Iraq , has been picked to run the Joint Forces Command . "  I told Ray that his assignment at JFCOM is essentially the same as his assignment in Iraq , and that is working himself out of a job . " Gates said . Eliminating the Joint Forces Command is just one of a wide-ranging series of proposals presented by Gates . Others include : -- Eliminating some of the 65 military boards and commissions to cut the budget for them by 25 percent in fiscal year 2011 ; -- A review of all Defense Department intelligence to eliminate needless duplication ; -- Eliminating the Defense Department 's Business Transformation Agency , which has day-to-day oversight of acquisition programs that would be handled by others in the department ; -- Reducing funding for service support contractors by 10 percent a year for each of the next three years ; -- Freezing the number of jobs in the Officer of the Secretary of Defense , the Defense Agencies and Combatant Commands at current levels ; -- Seeking to stop "  brass creep , " a term former Sen. John Glenn used for situations when higher-ranking officers were doing jobs that lower ranking officers could handle . To address that problem , Gates is ordering a freeze on the number of generals , admirals and senior civilian officials at current levels . Gates was adamant that the Pentagon must change its way of thinking about money . "  The culture of endless money that has taken hold must be replaced by a culture of savings and restraint , " Gates said . "  Toward this end , I am directing that any new proposal or initiatives , large or small , be it policy , program or ceremony , come with a cost estimate . That price tag will help us determine whether what we are gaining or hope to gain is really worth the cost . "	Defense Department budget cuts could mean the loss of thousands of jobs Virginia senators oppose possible elimination of Joint Forces Command Recession leads to lower proposed increase for next year Defense Secretary Robert Gates announces cuts to hold down overall costs
CNN  It 's the home of British politics , steeped in history , tradition and centuries-old pomp . But could the ornate splendor of the UK 's Houses of Parliament be about to offer a solution to London 's housing crisis ? In all honesty , probably not . However , that has n't stopped housing campaign group , Generation Rent , from proposing to transform the Palace of Westminster into affordable new homes . The group 's eye-catching idea is to move the seat of British democracy from one of London 's most exclusive neighborhoods to a new location in the city of Hull , northern England . The vacant House of Commons and House of Lords  the UK 's upper legislative chamber  left behind would be converted into 364 flats of varying size and scale with prime office space facing the River Thames . According to a press release on the proposal from Generation Rent , 335 MPs from all over the UK currently rent second homes so they can carry out their parliamentary duties more effectively . They claim expenses for doing so cost the taxpayer # 5.26 million  $ 8 million  in 2013 alone . By moving the seat of government to Hull , a city with the cheapest housing rent in England , millions could be saved in expenses as well as staffing costs , the group claims . Westminster is one of the most expensive boroughs for property in London , according to research from house moving firm , Delivery Quote Compare . The ever-rising cost of property in the UK capital , meanwhile , is making it increasingly difficult for many to buy or rent in central areas of the city . A January report from rental referencing company , Homelet , also found that average rental prices in Greater London were more than double that of those found in the rest of the UK "  We hope our proposal gives MPs a sense of humility and some urgency to ending the housing crisis , " said director of Generation Rent , Alex Hilton . Yet even if the Generation Rent proposals were seriously considered , they could come unstuck by the dilapidated state of the parliament building itself . Speaker of the House , John Bercow , said Monday that repairs needed to bring the nineteenth century structure up to scratch could come close to # 3 billion  $ 4.6 billion  . A 2012 study entitled "  The Restorations and Renewal of the Palace of Westminster " found that the building could suffer permanent damage if work was not undertaken to stem leaks , repair crumbling stonework and remove asbestos .	UK campaign group proposes to transform Houses of Parliament into affordable housing units Westminster is one of the most expensive boroughs of London for buying or renting property Parliament could require restoration work totaling $ 4.6 billion
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The White House must release its visitor logs and can not hide behind a shield of privilege , a federal judge ruled Monday . The Bush administration has resisted public disclosure while it fights a lawsuit over alleged political influence by conservative Christian leaders . The Bush administration has been fighting the release of White House visitor logs . U.S. District Court Judge Royce Lamberth concluded the information is part of the public record and is subject to disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act as "  agency records . " "  Because the Secret Service creates , uses and relies on , and stores visitor records , they are under its control , " said Lamberth . He ordered the Secret Service to produce records within 20 days . The White House claimed exclusive control of the documents , subject to the complete discretion of the president over their release . Secret Service records have been an important tool for advocacy groups and members of Congress seeking information on the inner workings of the executive branch . Congressional investigators used the records a decade ago in their investigations of the various Whitewater scandals involving President Clinton and his associates , as well as allegations of influence peddling by the Clinton campaign in the 1996 elections . Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , a self-described government watchdog group , sought the visit records of prominent conservatives James Dobson of Focus on the Family , Wendy Wright of Concerned Women of America and seven others including the late televangelist Jerry Falwell . "  CREW is pleased that the judge saw through the White House 's transparent attempts to hide public documents from the American people , " said Melanie Sloan , the group 's executive director . "  We look forward to sharing the documents we obtain through this lawsuit . " The White House and Justice Department had no immediate reaction to the ruling . Separate legal action by CREW and other groups , including Judicial Watch and the Washington Post , sought White House visitor logs that listed lobbyist Jack Abramoff . He pleaded guilty last year to public corruption charges . The White House and the Secret Service in 2006 signed an agreement that visitors to the White House complex were not subject to public disclosure . That "  memorandum of understanding " was disclosed during legal action over the Abramoff records . Lamberth called that a "  self-serving " agreement because it was issued after the records were created and after the CREW lawsuit . The judge , in a separate ruling Monday , said he lacked the authority to order the Secret Service to stop destroying its visitor records once copies were turned over to White House officials . But Lamberth noted the National Archives had to approve any destruction of the logs . Another federal judge in Washington ordered the release of Secret Service logs of visitors to Vice President Dick Cheney 's office . Cheney claimed those logs were subject to executive privilege . That ruling is being appealed . Lamberth noted the Secret Service has an important "  protective mission " when compiling electronic information -- including background checks -- of those seeking to enter the White House complex . But he said the agency 's claim of "  limited use " of the data does not mean the records are not subject to judicial review . "  This does not mean the Secret Service does not read or rely on them , " wrote Lamberth . "  If that were the case , any convenience store patron who has ever bought a losing scratch ticket could claim they did not gamble simply because they held the ticket for only a few minutes . " The issue of White House privilege over visitor logs has not been fully addressed by the Supreme Court . The case decided Monday is Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security . E-mail to a friend	Judge : Secret Service-controlled log is public under Freedom of Information Act White House battling suit alleging influence of conservative Christian leaders Separate legal action finds convicted lobbyist visited White House Records have been a key investigative tool for advocacy groups and Congress
Washington  CNN  -- A senior administration official defended President Barack Obama on Wednesday as a decisive commander in chief ahead of next week 's release of a book that reveals an administration deeply divided over U.S. strategy in Afghanistan . "  Obama 's Wars , " by veteran Washington journalist Bob Woodward , describes a frustrated president who urgently sought an exit plan , only to be provided with options that involved increased U.S. troop levels , the Washington Post reported Wednesday . Woodward is associate editor of the newspaper . Woodward takes readers behind the scenes in the Obama White House through accounts of closed-door strategy sessions , private conversations , internal memos and hours of interviews with key players . "  This needs to be a plan about how we 're going to hand it off and get out of Afghanistan , " Obama is quoted as telling his aides as he agreed to a short-term escalation of 30,000 troops , according to the Post . "  Everything we 're doing has to be focused on how we 're going to get to the point where we can reduce our footprint . It 's in our national security interest , " Obama said , according to the newspaper . In an October meeting with Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Obama said : "  I 'm not doing 10 years . I 'm not doing long-term nation-building . I am not spending a trillion dollars . " A senior administration official on Wednesday downplayed the rifts portrayed in the book , slated for release Monday . "  The president comes across in the review and throughout the decision-making process as a commander in chief who is analytical , strategic and decisive , with a broad view of history , national security and his role , " the official told CNN Senior White House Correspondent Ed Henry . The official said Obama wanted concise answers to questions about the capacities of the Afghan government and whether a counterinsurgency strategy could be effective there . The official said Obama wanted to know exactly what kind of U.S. presence was required and what could realistically be achieved in the immediate future . Woodward reveals a president greatly at odds with top military advisers Gen. David Petraeus and Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . Woodward writes that dissent turned into name-calling on both sides , the Post reported . At one point , Petraeus felt shut out and told an aide that he considered Obama adviser David Axelrod a "  complete spin doctor . " Another key disclosure in Woodward 's book is that the CIA is running a 3,000-strong Afghan paramilitary force . A U.S. official said the Counterterrorism Pursuit Teams were "  well-trained , effective Afghan special operations forces , " which conduct secret operations against al Qaeda and the Taliban in Pakistan . A CIA spokesman would not comment on the paramilitary force . Pakistani officials denied that CIA-trained soldiers were operating on Pakistani soil . Among other revelations in Woodward 's book , according to the Post : -- The U.S. government was unprepared to deal with a nuclear terrorist attack on American soil . Obama told Woodward in an interview : "  When I go down the list of things I have to worry about all the time , that is at the top , because that 's one where you ca n't afford any mistakes . " -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai was diagnosed as manic-depressive , Woodward said , citing U.S. intelligence reports . "  He 's on his meds ; he 's off his meds , " Woodward quoted U.S. Ambassador Karl Eikenberry as saying . A spokesman for Karzai dismissed the allegations . "  About this allegation that the president was on medication for depression -- that is absolutely false , and this is part of a campaign against the president 's personal integrity , " said Waheed Omer . "  The president is absolutely safe , healthy and sound and does n't take any medication for any illness . " CNN 's Pam Benson , Reza Sayah and Atia Abawi contributed to this report .	The book reveals the CIA is running a 3,000-man Afghan paramilitary force Journalist Bob Woodward reveals deep rifts on Afghanistan strategy A frustrated Obama sought an exit plan , the book says Official defends Obama as analytical and decisive
CNN  -- This is the day San Diego Mayor Bob Filner enters a behavior counseling clinic for two weeks of what he describes as intensive therapy . The 70-year-old is battling a tide of sexual harrassment allegations , and is hoping that voluntarily subjecting himself to the counseling will quell the mounting calls for his resignation . He has repeatedly said he 'll not leave the office he was elected to barely eight months ago . San Diego 's city charter does not require him to appoint an interim mayor during his temporary absence . His decision is unlikely to appease his opponents . A 10th accuser Over the weekend , another woman accused the mayor of unwanted sexual advances -- making her the 10th woman making such allegations . Renee Estill-Sombright told CNN affiliate KGTV that the mayor called her "  beautiful " at a church breakfast in June , said he could n't take his eyes off her , asked if she was married , and then said he 'd like to take her out some time . The reported comments caught her off guard , Estill-Sombright said . "  I said , ` Oh , thank you , ' " she said . "  I kind of felt weird . " CNN has made multiple efforts to contact Filner and his representatives on the latest allegations but has not gotten a response . ' I need help ' Earlier this summer , when the allegations first began , Filner acknowledged "  I need help , " and added , "  I 'm clearly doing something wrong . " "  I am embarrassed to admit that I have failed to fully respect the women who work for me and with me , and that at times I have intimidated them . It 's a good thing that behavior that would have been tolerated in the past is being called out in this generation for what it is : inappropriate and wrong , " he said in a statement issued July 11 . Read the full statement But Filner has also said he believes he will be vindicated by "  a full presentation of the facts " and he will not resign . In late July , Filner said he planned to begin counseling Monday . In a statement given at City Hall , he apologized "  to the women I have offended . " "  The behavior I have engaged in over many years is wrong . My failure to respect women and the intimidating conduct I engaged in at times is inexcusable , " he said . Battling a lawsuit Filner 's former spokeswoman , Irene McCormack Jackson , and nine other women have accused Filner of sexual harassment . Up to this point , Jackson is the only accuser to file a sexual harassment suit against Filner . Mayor sued , called unfit for office He asked the city to pay for his legal fees ; the city council voted against that . Jackson said Filner subjected her and other women to "  crude and disgusting " comments and inappropriate touching . She said she resigned as Filner 's communications director in June after deciding the mayor would not change his behavior . None of the other women leveling claims of sexual harassment against Filner came forward until Jackson filed her suit in state court . Who are the women ? CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Filner has refused to resign despite allegations of sexual harassment He says he will enter a behavior counseling clinic on Monday "  The behavior I have engaged in over many years is wrong , " Filner says
CNN  -- Dreaming of a white Christmas ? Then you 're in for a rude awakening . The only thing white about this riotously multiethnic black comedy is the blizzard of cocaine that flies through the air as Bing Crosby croons his yuletide standard at an out of control Christmas Eve party . If I said the latest sortie from cultural subversives Harold Lee  John Cho  and Kumar Patel  Kal Penn  has something to offend everyone , I 'd probably be over-estimating the sensitivities of at least some of the 17.4 million Americans who are estimated to use marijuana at least once a month . Still , I imagine that the running gag about an infant inadvertently exposed to pot , coke and ecstasy might strike some people as pretty near the knuckle . Others will choke when the always game Neil Patrick Harris -- playing himself -- explains his miraculous resurrection with reference to a run-in with Jesus , who did n't take kindly to Harris making out with His groupies . Then there are the gags -- good , bad and indifferent - that deliberately play up ethnic stereotypes : jailbird Latinos , gangsta African-Americans , tight-fisted Jews , bloodthirsty Slavs , square and boring WASPS . The subtler joke being that Harold and Kumar 's own ethnicity is invisible -- except to the occasional bigots they encounter .  "  Sorry , I do n't date black guys , " says the Ukrainian virgin , Mary , as she rejects Kumar in favor of Korean-American Harold . You want a plot ? It 's set six years after the boys escaped from Guantanamo . Harold is now a successful Wall Street executive , married , clean and sober . He 's washed his hands of Kumar , who 's still a bonafide pothead and no further along in life than he ever was . But the ex-best friends are reunited in a typically quixotic quest to get their hands on a 12-foot Christmas tree before Midnight Mass comes out . Maybe the movie does pander to a certain slacker sexism -- but even that 's tempered by an eye-watering item when one of the boys gets stuck to an icy pole , "  A Christmas Story " - style  only it 's not his tongue that 's stuck  . That 's male bonding of an especially painful kind -- and marks the natural culmination for a buddy dynamic that 's deeply engrained in our movies , from Laurel and Hardy , Abbott and Costello , Hope and Crosby , Martin and Lewis , Cheech and Chong , and Bill and Ted all the way to "  Dumb & Dumber . " It 's a tradition that Cho and Penn sustain with as much charm as circumstances allow . In a week when a French satirical magazine was firebombed for publishing an issue guest-edited by the prophet Mohammed  or so they claimed  , there is definitely something to be said for a movie that takes a blowtorch to political correctness and even puts a bullet in the head of old Saint Nick . By offending everyone , the theory goes , no one needs be offended . It 's a patchy affair , these things almost always are , but a commendably trim 90-minute running time keeps things hopping . The film hits an early high with a series of inspired gags breaking the fourth wall to poke fun at its own 3D gimmickry . Director Todd Strauss-Schulson throws in a horrific claymation fantasy , doffs his cap at Busby Berkeley and shoots an egg-throwing sequence as if he 's John Woo , just because he can . The yolks on us , I guess . At regular intervals he sends clouds of pot wafting towards the audience . You do n't need to be an expert in smoke signals to catch the drift : Lighten up , America .	There are the gags that deliberately play up ethnic stereotypes The subtler joke being that Harold and Kumar 's own ethnicity is invisible The ex-best friends are reunited in a typically quixotic quest
A federal judge approved Monday a preliminary settlement in a class action lawsuit filed by thousands of former NFL players against the National Football League . The settlement will provide eligible retired players with baseline neurological exams and include monetary awards for diagnoses of ALS , Parkinson 's disease , Alzheimer 's disease and early and moderate dementia . There is no cap on the amount of funds available to pay these monetary awards and all valid claims will be paid in full for 65 years . "  This is an extraordinary settlement for retired NFL players and their families -- from those who suffer with neuro-cognitive illnesses today , to those who are currently healthy but fear they may develop symptoms decades into the future , " said the two lead attorneys for the players , Christopher Seeger and Sol Weiss . The settlement also makes provisions for family members of some living and deceased players . "  We are grateful to Judge  Anita  Brody for her guidance and her thoughtful analysis of the issues as reflected in the comprehensive opinion she issued today , " said NFL Senior Vice President Anastasia Danias . Initially there was a $ 765 million figure on the settlement with $ 675 million capped . The judge declined in January to approve the deal , saying she was concerned about the amount of money . But the latest agreement reached two weeks ago eliminated a maximum for the monetary award fund . The NFL will use $ 75 million for medical tests to help determine if any retired players have brain damage and for treatment . The retired players could receive between $ 1.5 million and $ 5 million depending on their age and the severity of their cognitive impairment . Players with less than five years of experience will receive smaller awards . The league could pay up to $ 112.5 million in legal fees , according to the settlement . About 5,000 former players are involved in the class action but as many as 20,000 might be eligible . Current NFL players are not included in the agreement . A hearing to assess the fairness of the outcome of the case is scheduled for November 19 . The judge will issue her final ruling after that and players can then begin to register for benefits . They will have two years to do so .	About 5,000 former players have sued the NFL over concussion issues The league agreed to no cap on the amount of money to be paid out A judge will issue her final ruling after a hearing in November Active players are not included in the settlement
Qom , Iran  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people chanted anti-government slogans Monday before the funeral of a top Iranian cleric who turned into one of the regime 's most vocal critics , a witness said . They shouted "  death to the dictator ! " outside the home of senior Iranian dissident Grand Ayatollah Hussein Ali Montazeri , who died early Sunday . He was 87 . Montazeri -- a key figure in Iran 's Islamic Revolution 30 years ago -- was perhaps the most prominent cleric who publicly criticized the presidential elections last June that returned hard-liner Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to the presidency . Protesters and mourners began to gather near his home in this holy city around 7 a.m. , swelling to huge numbers by the time the funeral procession began , said the witness . Both uniformed and plain clothes security forces turned out for the funeral , with the undercover officers arriving in several buses and mingling with the crowds . The witness did not see any clashes but said tensions were high as protesters stood and chanted just steps away from security forces . Many of the protesters and mourners had driven to Qom , where Montazeri lived , from Tehran and other cities hundreds of miles away , the witness said . Mourners from Najafabad , Montazeri 's hometown , passed out dates , an Iranian tradition at funerals . The night before the funeral , chants of "  God is great " -- which the opposition uses as a rallying cry -- could be heard in several Tehran neighborhoods . The chants were louder than usual , witnesses said . Around 300 to 400 people gathered at Tehran 's Mother 's Square and lit candles on Sunday night in memory of Montazeri , several sources told CNN . The witnesses did not see any clashes between security forces and the people at the gathering . CNN is not naming its sources to protect their security . Writing on his Web site after the disputed June presidential elections , Montazeri described the street protests that followed the polling as a challenge to the "  very legitimacy of the Islamic Republic . " His death is "  a terrible blow for the  reformist  green movement and everybody who has been active these past few months , " said Mehrdad Khonsari , a senior research consultant at the Centre for Arab and Iranian Studies in London . "  He was a very senior grand ayatollah with very good revolutionary credentials , and a very vocal critic of the ruling establishment , " Khonsari said . "  He was a major thorn in the back of  Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali  Khamenei . He was a bastion for all the people opposing the excesses of the system , " even within the ruling establishment , he said . In the last six months , Montazeri had become the voice of the green movement on key foreign policy issues , Khonsari said . The cleric was able to comment more freely than reformist presidential candidates . Montazeri , for example , took a public stand against nuclear weapons in October , issuing a fatwa , or religious edict , declaring them to be "  un-Islamic " and instructing Muslims to take the lead in banning them , said Nazenin Ansari , diplomatic editor of the weekly newspaper Kayhan in London . Iran 's nuclear program has been the subject of intense international concern , with the United Nations considering expanding sanctions against the Islamic state despite its insistence it does not intend to build a bomb . "  He has a very large public following especially since the June elections and all his statements in favor of human rights , " Ansari said Montazeri 's Web site called for a funeral procession from his home to the Massoumeh Shrine in Qom , the holy city where he lived , starting at 9 a.m. on Monday  12:30 a.m. ET  . Demonstrations at the burial could spill over into the capital , Ansari said . "  Qom is very close to Tehran and this is a major event , " she said , adding that it is difficult to predict what would happen . "  It would be questionable how a lot of the foot soldiers of the revolution would react . " The timing of his death could also be significant , she said , since it comes in the month that first saw the demonstrations that spiraled into the revolution that toppled the monarchy and brought the Islamic regime to power . Montazeri was once a confidant of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , who led Iran for a decade after the revolution . He studied under Khomeini and then acted as his representative in Iran after Khomeini was exiled by the shah for criticizing the monarchy , Ansari said . Montazeri , too , was jailed and exiled . After the revolution , he was the heir apparent to Khomeini , and played a key role in writing Iran 's constitution as the first chair of the powerful Guardians Council . He was also the leader of Friday prayers in Tehran , one of the most public and influential pulpits in the country . But he was supplanted by the current supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , and was placed under several years of house arrest in 1997 . "  His problems with Khomeini started in the summer of 1988 when they started executing ... thousands of leftist prisoners , " Ansari said . "  He never was in agreement with that , and then he started to fade " from power . "  Once Khamenei became leader , Montazeri objected , " she said . Montazeri said Khamenei "  was elevated above his  religious  qualifications , " pointing out that he had not earned the title of ayatollah . "  It was then he was arrested . " Recently he has objected to the current regime 's characterization of his one-time mentor Khomeini as a saint , she added . And following the disputed elections in June , "  he issued a ground-breaking fatwa articulating the policies of the  reformist  green movement to the world . Montazeri had been equally critical of the parliamentary electoral process in 2004 , arguing in favor of reformist candidates . Sitting behind his desk with a government minder in the room , he said then that Iran 's Islamic revolution had lost its way . "  Even I , who used to be a leading figure in the revolution , have not the right to speak out , " he said . "  Authoritarianism will never last long . The gentlemen in power must submit to the wishes of the people , or they will be swept away . " CNN 's Reza Sayah and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Thousands chant anti-government chants at cleric 's funeral Senior Iranian dissident cleric Grand Ayatollah Hussein Ali Montazeri died Sunday Montazeri was one of several prominent clerics who publicly criticized the presidential elections last June Montazeri was once heir apparent to late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , architect of Iran 's 1979 Islamic revolution
CNN  -- The execution of Najiba , an Afghan woman in her 20 's , shot 13 times in front of a cheering crowed in Parwan province -- and seen widely online in a grainy cell phone video -- is a show of confidence by the Taliban . It 's unclear why she was shot , but local officials offer various reasons for her execution . She was reportedly executed last month for adultery , a crime that is indeed punishable in Islam . But for an adultery charge to be proved , Islam requires four eyewitness accounts that match precisely . This is nearly impossible in cultures like Najiba 's , where sexual acts are extremely discrete . But that religious requirement is irrelevant in any case to the Taliban , whose fanatic view of Islam has been nothing but a violation of the spirit of the religion itself . Manhunt under way for Taliban who shot woman in public execution amid cheers After an hour-long trial , Najiba was shot either by her Taliban husband or someone else .  One version of the story is she had affairs with two Taliban members .  But this case is less about Najiba and more about the Taliban demonstrating its power , even as the United States and Afghanistan attempt negotiations with the Taliban . You see , women are like the canary in the coal mine : What happens to them is an indicator of a larger political direction for the society . The Taliban has consistently used women to demonstrate its power . When it first took over much of Afghanistan in 1996 , it imposed the harshest seclusion and prosecution of women in modern history . Afghan women suffered under house imprisonments . They were forbidden education and any form of mobility , to name only a few of its brutal prohibitions . But when the international community entered Afghanistan in 2001 and started introducing laws to protect women 's rights , albeit in very basic ways , the Taliban retreated as its political and military power was weakened . In the past two years , however , and particularly since the international community started talking about withdrawal from Afghanistan , the Taliban began boldly resuming its own rules in provinces where they have recently regained control , such as Parwan province . And this has been reflected in one act of violence toward women after another . Through such public acts -- sometimes recorded , as this one was -- the Taliban is demonstrating its complete disregard of the Afghan government and the national rule of law . Women 's rights can not be taken lightly , nor can they be seen as a marginal issue separate from the political process of a country . The international community entered Afghanistan with a clear promise to protect women 's rights and invest in creating opportunities for women to stand up on their feet . Afghan women took advantage of the opportunities that were presented . They ran for and took political offices , they sent their daughters to school , they took loans from microcredit entities and started new business , and they worked in factories all at personal risks . They are now asking whether the international community is planning to abandon them as forces prepare to depart Afghanistan in 2014 , and they are worried , very worried indeed . Educated and uneducated women working in all sectors in the country are asking the same question : "  Is the international community going to sacrifice its promise to protect us from the rule of the Taliban in order to reach political settlement with it ? " If it is , then all the efforts of every soldier , every taxpayer , every humanitarian worker who has worked -- and in some cases , died -- in Afghanistan will have been in vain . To abandon the protection of women 's rights to seek political agreement with a force of repression is to risk a return not only to insecurity in Afghanistan , but I 'd dare say to the world . The Taliban only started its acts of violence with women . We have to remember that it did not stop there . That violence eventually affected every Afghan man and child , and it eventually came to America and impacted the world . Saving Face : The struggle and survival of Afghan women The taping of Najiba 's execution is the Taliban 's message that it is confident . What 's going to be the message back to them from the Afghan government and the international community ? Will it be to demonstrate that women 's rights and protections are valued in actions , in addition to the political statements already made condemning the execution ? We all are responsible for the answer to that question . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Zainab Salbi .	Zainab Salbi : Execution of woman in Afghanistan is show of Taliban 's confidence She says killing woman for alleged adultery flouted Afghan legal system , spirit of Islam She says Taliban uses force to repress women first ; world must react , not just denounce Salbi : It 's short step between Taliban brutality toward women , aggression to rest of world
EW.com  -- Heaven knows , Morrissey is miserable now . A&E 's breakout pro-hunting hit "  Duck Dynasty " returned Wednesday night to record ratings . The season three premiere delivered 8.6 million viewers . That 's huge . It 's not only the most-watched "  Duck Dynasty " episode ever , it 's A&E 's most-watched telecast ever and ranks as cable 's biggest reality show telecast so far this year . The 10 p.m. episode  the first of two back-to-back airings  was up 132 percent vs. the second season premiere . Plus , a full 5 million of the viewers were in the adults 18-49 demo . The return of "  Duck Dynasty " benefited from an unexpected gift-from-the-PR-gods when British singer and animal rights activist Morrissey cancelled his planned Feb. 26 performance on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " at the last minute in protest of the "  Duck Dynasty " stars appearing the same episode . Morrissey called the show 's stars -- who own a family business that makes products for hunters -- "  animal serial killers . " Kimmel later hit back during his show 's Tuesday monologue : "  While I respect his stance on this , I really do , there 's a very good reason why I did n't dump the ` Duck Dynasty ' guys for Morrissey . And that 's because they have guns . " Kimmel also added of the famously downbeat singer , "  He keeps finding new ways to depress us . " The host aired a parody video for "  a new "  Duck Dynasty " product for vegans . " Joan Rivers called out on Heidi Klum joke The pop singer then countered that Kimmel "  found time to jokingly promote gun-ownership -- hugely amusing for the parents at Sandy Hook , no doubt . He also promoted his special guests "  Duck Dynasty " -- who kill beings for fun . None of the above issues are , of course , as important as Jimmy Kimmel himself , who has finally revealed his show to have an overwhelming loss of meaning . Tune in and relive the intellectual fog of the 1950s . " Kimmel followed that up by tweeting yestrerday , "  Note to Morrissey -- if you have more dumb statements to make , I invite you to make them where I do , on my show . " He included in the tweet a link to the cover art for Morrissey 's 2004 album You Are the Quarry , which featured the singer wielding a machine gun . The Christian-friendly A&E docu-series has been on a ratings tear since catching fire last year . One surprising survey found that "  Duck Dynasty " received more mentions on Facebook in 2012 than any other TV series , including social-network-friendly hits like HBO 's "  Game of Thrones " and CBS ' "  The Big Bang Theory . " See the original article at EW.com . Ray Rahman contributed to this report . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A&E 's "  Duck Dynasty " returned Wednesday night to record ratings The season three premiere delivered 8.6 million viewers it 's A&E 's most-watched telecast ever and cable 's biggest reality show telecast so far this year
Brussels , Belgium  CNN  -- European Union leaders named Belgian Prime Minister Herman Van Rompuy as the first "  president of Europe " Thursday , edging out former British Prime Minister Tony Blair for a still-vaguely defined job . "  I did not seek this high position , and I did n't take any steps to achieve it , " Van Rompuy said in accepting the job . "  But tonight , I take on this task with conviction and with enthusiasm . " Van Rompuy , a 62-year-old , soft-spoken fan of Japanese poetry , will become the face of European Union and represent its 27 member nations at summits overseas . His conservative government took office in December 2008 . The Belgian is "  well known as a consensus builder , " said British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who added the selection was unanimous . And Jose Manuel Barroso , the president of the European Commission -- the executive arm of the EU -- called Van Rompuy 's selection "  a tribute to Belgium , " the EU 's host country . " I think the European Union also expressed its gratitude for the work of Belgium and the constant support that this country at the heart of Europe has given to our common project , " he said . In his speech , Van Rompuy pledged to lead the EU through a process of "  dialogue , unity and action . " "  A negotiation that ends with a defeated party is never a good negotiation , " he said . "  As president of the council , I will listen carefully to everyone , and I will make sure that all deliberations turn into results for everyone . " The presidency was created by the European Union 's Lisbon Treaty , which came into force this month after years of torturous negotiations . Van Rompuy will serve a two-and-a-half-year term , replacing the six-month presidency of the bloc that rotated among the heads of its member states . But while the EU prides itself on being a club of democracies , the process of choosing its new leader was far from transparent or open . The people of Europe are getting no say , not even through their parliamentarians . Van Rompuy 's new job was announced after a closed-door dinner for the EU 's heads of state and government . The Belgian defended the process , telling reporters the selection was made by leaders "  who were all democratically chosen . " "  I was chosen on the basis of a treaty , " he said . "  The treaty stipulates the procedure . The treaty was democratically approved by 27 member states . " The EU leaders also named Catherine Ashton , a British trade commissioner and member of the House of Lords , as the union 's High Commissioner -- its equivalent of a foreign minister . Unlike Van Rompuy , who was chosen by leaders of the EU 's member states , Ashton must be confirmed by the European Parliament . Blair , who led Britain from 1997 to 2007 , is currently the EU 's Mideast envoy . He had been the early favorite for the presidency in recent weeks -- but Brown , his successor , realized that he lacked support among key decision-makers for new post , a Brown representative told CNN earlier . According his backers , who at first included French President Nicolas Sarkozy , he was just the sort of world-renowned figure to win attention for the EU and enable it to exercise its weight in world affairs . One Indian official told CNN before the announcement , "  If the EU chooses as its worldwide representative the prime minister of Belgium or Luxembourg , I am not sure our leaders will have the time to meet him . " But others were soon arguing that Blair 's support for the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq and his close alliance with former U.S. President George W. Bush made him a divisive figure in Europe . And as the one man who might have been able to take Britain into the European single currency , he had not even attempted to do so while he was Britain 's prime minister . Public backing from Italy 's Silvio Berlusconi , a joke figure to much of Europe and another Bush ally , did not help . Brown had realized earlier that Blair did not have enough support among key decision-makers to snag the new post , a Brown representative told CNN earlier . CNN Political Contributor Robin Oakley contributed to this report .	Belgian PM Herman Van Rompuy appointed first "  president of Europe , " British PM Gordon Brown says Tony Blair ruled out after his successor as UK PM realized Blair had insufficient support President of EC will be first permanent chief of the European Council of Ministers Selection conducted by heads of state and government , not by Europe 's parliamentarians
CNN  Just weeks after Marvel 's "  Daredevil " premiered its first season on Netflix , the company confirmed Tuesday that a second season will be coming in 2016 . The show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock  played by Charlie Cox  , who was blinded as a child , as he fights injustice by day using the law . By night , he continues the fight , becoming the superhero Daredevil and using his powers to protect the New York neighborhood of Hell 's Kitchen . It 's gotten rave reviews . "  With tight adherence to its source material 's history , high production quality , and a no-nonsense dramatic flair , Daredevil excels as an effective superhero origin story , a gritty procedural , and an exciting action adventure , " says review site Rotten Tomatoes . Netflix 's ` Daredevil ' has arrived : What 's the verdict ? A Marvel Television and ABC Studios production , the show also stars Rosario Dawson , Vincent D'Onofrio and Deborah Ann Woll . "  Daredevil " is just one of four series that the Disney-owned Marvel has committed to airing on Netflix . Expect to see Avengers characters "  Jessica Jones , " "  Iron Fist " and "  Luke Cage " in their own upcoming series , leading into "  The Defenders " miniseries programming event .	The critically acclaimed "  Daredevil " will be back for season 2 Charlie Cox plays a blind attorney by day who is a superhero by night
CNN  -- President Barack Obama should use the breathing space provided by the fiscal-cliff compromise to address some of the issues that he shelved during his last term . One of the most urgent is child farm labor . Perhaps the least protected , underpaid work force in American labor , children are often the go-to workers for farms looking to cut costs . It 's easy to see why . The Department of Labor permits farms to pay employees under 20 as little as $ 4.25 per hour .  By comparison , the federal minimum wage is $ 7.25 .  And unlike their counterparts in retail and service , child farm laborers can legally work unlimited hours at any hour of day or night . The numbers are hard to estimate , but between direct hiring , hiring through labor contractors , and off-the-books work beside parents or for cash , perhaps 400,000 children , some as young as 6 , weed and harvest for commercial farms . A Human Rights Watch 2010 study shows that children laboring for hire on farms routinely work more than 10 hours per day . As if this were not bad enough , few labor safety regulations apply . Children 14 and older can work long hours at all but the most dangerous farm jobs without their parents ' consent , if they do not miss school . Children 12 and older can too , as long as their parents agree . Unlike teen retail and service workers , agricultural laborers 16 and older are permitted to operate hazardous machinery and to work even during school hours . In addition , Human Rights Watch reports that child farm laborers are exposed to dangerous pesticides ; have inadequate access to water and bathrooms ; fall ill from heat stroke ; suffer sexual harassment ; experience repetitive-motion injuries ; rarely receive protective equipment like gloves and boots ; and usually earn less than the minimum wage . Sometimes they earn nothing . Little is being done to guarantee their safety . In 2011 Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis proposed more stringent agricultural labor rules for children under 16 , but Obama scrapped them just eight months later . Adoption of the new rules would be no guarantee of enforcement , however . According to the 2010 Human Rights Watch report , the Department of Labor employees were spread so thin that , despite widespread reports of infractions they found only 36 child labor violations and two child hazardous order violations in agriculture nationwide . This lack of oversight has dire , sometimes fatal , consequences . Last July , for instance , 15-year-old Curvin Kropf , an employee at a small family farm near Deer Grove , Illinois , died when he fell off the piece of heavy farm equipment he was operating , and it crushed him . According to the Bureau County Republican , he was the fifth child in fewer than two years to die at work on Sauk Valley farms . If this year follows trends , Curvin will be only one of at least 100 children below the age of 18 killed on American farms , not to mention the 23,000 who will be injured badly enough to require hospital admission . According to Center for Disease Control and Prevention statistics , agriculture is one of the most dangerous industries . It is the most dangerous for children , accounting for about half of child worker deaths annually . The United States has a long tradition of training children in the craft of farming on family farms . At least 500,000 children help to work their families ' farms today . Farm parents , their children , and the American Farm Bureau objected strenuously to the proposed new rules . Although children working on their parents ' farms would specifically have been exempted from them , it was partly in response to worries about government interference in families and loss of opportunities for children to learn agricultural skills that the Obama administration shelved them . Whatever you think of family farms , however , many child agricultural workers do n't work for their parents or acquaintances . Despite exposure to all the hazards , these children never learn the craft of farming , nor do most of them have the legal right to the minimum wage . And until the economy stabilizes , the savings farms realize by hiring children makes it likely that even more of them will be subject to the dangers of farm work . We have a responsibility for their safety . As one of the first acts of his new term , Obama should reopen the child agricultural labor proposal he shelved in spring of 2012 . Surely , farm labor standards for children can be strengthened without killing off 4-H or Future Farmers of America . Second , the Department of Labor must institute age , wage , hour and safety regulations that meet the standards set by retail and service industry rules . Children in agriculture should not be exposed to more risks , longer hours , and lower wages at younger ages than children in other jobs . Finally , the Department of Labor and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration must allocate the funds necessary for meaningful enforcement of child labor violations . Unenforced rules wo n't protect the nearly million other children who work on farms . Agriculture is a great American tradition . Let 's make sure it 's not one our children have to die for . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cristina Traina .	Cristina Traina : Obama should strengthen child farm labor standards She says Labor Dept. rules allow kids to work long hours for little pay on commercial farms She says Obama administration scrapped Labor Dept. chief 's proposal for tightening rules She says Labor Dept. must fix lax standards for kid labor on farmers ; OSHA must enforce them
CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration recently issued a warning to doctors about prescribing medications with more than 325 milligrams of acetaminophen . Although acetaminophen is harmless in small doses , it can cause liver damage if taken incorrectly . Here are five things you should know about this popular painkiller : 1 . It 's not great for muscle pain . Acetaminophen is part of a class of painkillers called non-opioid analgesics , which are used to treat mild or moderate pain . These include acetaminophen , ibuprofen and aspirin . Non-opiod analgesics block an enzyme known as cyclooxygenase , or COX , according to Ewan McNicol , an assistant professor of anesthesiology at Tufts University . COX helps the body produce lipid compounds called prostaglandins that cause pain and inflammation when your cells are injured . Blocking this enzyme , therefore , helps prevent prostaglandins from causing you pain . Most non-opiod analgesics work in the peripheral nervous system , or the nerves not included in your brain and spinal cord . But scientists believe acetaminophen works primarily in the central nervous system , attacking a slightly different form of the enzyme called COX-3 . "  What this means to you is that acetaminophen is great for headaches , fever and minor aches and pains but wo n't reduce inflammation due to , say , a muscle sprain , " McNicol explained . 2 . It 's found in more than Tylenol . Though many people know that acetaminophen in the active ingredient in Tylenol , it 's also found in many other over-the-counter drugs including  but not limited to  some Excedrin , Robitussin and Sudafed products . Acetaminophen is also used in combination with opioids in prescription pain medications such as Percocet , Vicodin and Tylenol with codeine . To find out whether your medications contain acetaminophen , read the drug label or the list of ingredients in the patient information leaflet that came with your prescription . Look for the word "  acetaminophen " or the letters "  APAP , " an abbreviation sometimes used for the drug . If you are still unsure , contact your doctor or pharmacist . 3 . It 's easy to accidentally take too much . The FDA has set the recommended daily maximum for adults at 4,000 milligrams . It 's easier to reach this limit than you might think ; one gel tablet of Extra Strength Tylenol , for example , contains 500 mg . Taking too much acetaminophen can lead to liver failure or death . Overdoses of the popular painkiller are some of the most common poisonings worldwide , according to the National Institutes of Health . In April 2009 , the FDA introduced new labeling requirements for drug manufacturers . Any product that contains acetaminophen must prominently identify the active ingredient on its display panel and must warn consumers about the potential for liver toxicity . Consumers should not take more than the prescribed dose of any medication that contains acetaminophen , according to the FDA , and should avoid taking more than one acetaminophen product at a time . 4 . It 's not the best way to fight a hangover . Most of us have popped a couple of painkillers after a night out to ward off a hangover . But experts say you should choose carefully when opening the medicine cabinet , especially if you 're a chronic heavy drinker . Taking acetaminophen with alcohol , even in small amounts , can increase your risk of liver damage and/or kidney disease . Acetaminophen is primarily metabolized in the liver , where it is turned into nontoxic compounds that are eliminated through urination . But the liver needs something called glutathione to do that . If your glutathione levels are low -- which can be caused by chronic drinking , an unhealthy diet or fasting -- the drug may be metabolized into a more toxic substance , according to the National Institutes of Health . Liver damage may occur after taking as few as four or five extra-strength pills over the course of the day , one NIH publication on alcohol and metabolism says . And another study showed that taking the recommended dose of acetaminophen with a small to moderate amount of alcohol can increase your risk of kidney disease by 123 % . You may not notice the signs of liver damage right away , the FDA says ; some symptoms like loss of appetite and nausea can be mistaken for the flu  or that hangover  . If you suspect you 're at risk , contact your doctor immediately . 5 . It 's not like "  a spoonful of sugar . " Children can take acetaminophen to fight pain or a fever , but parents should read drug labels carefully to avoid dosage errors . The "  directions " section of the label tells you whether the medicine is right for your child and how much to give , the NIH 's website says  PDF  . "  If a dose for your child 's weight or age is not listed on the label or you ca n't tell how much to give , ask your pharmacist or doctor what to do . " Liquid acetaminophen for infants and children is now sold in the same concentration : 160 mg/5 mL . That means infants need less ; acetaminophen products for infants are usually packaged with an oral syringe instead of a dropper . Parents should always use the measuring tool that comes with the medication , the FDA says -- never a kitchen spoon . If your child takes too much acetaminophen , seek medical attention right away . You can also call the 24-hour Poison Control Center at 800-222-1222 .	Acetaminophen is a non-opioid analgesic and is used to treat mild or moderate pain It 's the active in ingredient in Tylenol and many other over-the-counter medications The FDA has set the recommended daily maximum for adults at 4,000 milligrams Parents should carefully read drug labels to ensure they are giving the correct dose to kids
CNN  -- South Africa may just have found another Paralympian to inspire a nation -- and perhaps the world . After "  Blade Runner " Oscar Pistorius became the first double-amputee runner to compete at an Olympics , and Natalie Du Toit excelled in the pool , Lucas Sithole -- who lost both his legs and most of his right arm when he fell under a train aged 12 -- became the first South African to win a title at tennis ' U.S. Open . "  Natalie made a huge impact on South African sport , the same as Oscar , " the nation 's Davis Cup captain , John-Laffnie De Jager , told CNN . "  Lucas can play the same role . " Judging by the welcome he received in Johannesburg following his historic victory in New York in September , Sithole is well on his way . A large crowd greeted Sithole at OR Tambo International Airport , where he signed posters that read , "  Rolling Inspiration . " Reflecting on the scene , Sithole was still genuinely surprised . And why would n't he be ? Such receptions for wheelchair tennis champions are highly unusual . "  I was n't expecting it but at the end of the day I was happy to be honored like that , " the 27-year-old told CNN . "  People were calling my name and it was nice to get recognized even if I 'm only in wheelchair tennis . It was actually awesome , man . "  Later on , even when I went from my house to the shop to buy bread , people still recognized me . I have no problem with that . " Boost for African tennis His emergence as a tennis ace comes at a good time for South Africa , since the country 's No. 1 in the ATP ranks , Kevin Anderson , has n't played in the Davis Cup for two years . Anderson is married to an American and last year in an interview with the New York Times did n't rule out representing the U.S. in the future . Liezel Huber , a former No. 1 in women 's doubles , already changed her nationality , becoming an American citizen six years ago . She has since won three U.S. Open doubles titles . And some will say Sithole can take over from Pistorius in capturing the hearts of South Africans after the latter 's fall from grace . There is no doubting that Pistorius ' exploits on the track led to plaudits and a massive following -- without the use of half his legs he reached the semifinals at London 2012 competing against able-bodied athletes -- but his reputation has suffered since he was accused of murdering his model girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp . "  Lucas is fortunate that people in South Africa have already recognized athletes with a disability probably stronger than other countries , " says Sithole 's coach , Holger Losch . South Africa 's president , Jacob Zuma , sent Sithole a message of congratulations for his achievement at Flushing Meadows when he downed David Wagner on the latter 's home soil . "  It was no small feat , " Zuma said in a statement . "  He has made both the government and the people of South Africa immensely proud . " Even if the attendance on Court 11 could n't match the buzz for the men 's final between Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic on gargantuan Arthur Ashe Stadium , the atmosphere was nonetheless raucous . Shouts of "  USA , USA " were meant to encourage Wagner but Sithole rallied from a set down to beat the world No. 1 in three sets , shedding tears of joy when the finale concluded . A left-hander like Nadal , Sithole also hits with heavy spin on his forehand . Prior to his accident -- Sithole said he preferred "  not to go back there " when the incident was brought up in this interview -- he had n't seen anyone play tennis . He picked up his first racquet only about seven years ago . "  Certainly I thought that Lucas could be a force in the future but I just did n't know how long it would take him , " Wagner , who plays with his racquet taped to his right hand , told CNN . "  He 's very quick around the court and has good chair skills and some big shots . " Sithole and Wagner -- who are occasional doubles partners -- developed a rivalry in 2013 , meeting nine times in singles since the end of May , and more battles are expected next year given they are the top two in the quads rankings . Thinking further ahead , Sithole aims to be on the podium at the 2016 Paralympics in Rio . Wagner beat a then unseeded Sithole in the first round of the Paralympics in London a year ago . ` Double bagel ' start Sithole contested his first international wheelchair event in 2006 in the Netherlands , home to the most dominant wheelchair player of all time , Esther Vergeer . Wagner beat him in doubles and Sithole lost his opening singles match by the dreaded "  double bagel " score of 6-0 6-0 . "  He 's done exceptionally well to get to where he is now in a short time , " said Losch . "  His character is the thing that drives him the hardest and he relishes playing on the big stage . He 's very competitive . "  If you look at Lucas physically you 'd think of all kinds of reasons he 'd struggle to do stuff but when you get to know him , you see that he takes on challenges . He lives his life to the fullest . " Attending a primary and secondary school for the physically disabled changed Sithole 's mindset for the better as he saw fellow students thriving . And that has come full circle , as pupils from one of his former schools were among those who saluted him at the airport . Amassing more grand slam titles will only strengthen Sithole 's profile , said De Jager , who rose to No. 11 in the world in doubles after overcoming a heart condition at birth . "  I think it 's going to be key for him now to keep improving and try and win some more big tournaments , " he said . "  I think if that happens it would be huge for tennis in South Africa , especially wheelchair tennis . "	Lucas Sithole became the first South African citizen to win a U.S. Open tennis title Sithole beat world No. 1 David Wagner in the men 's quad final in New York The 27-year-old received a hero 's welcome when he returned to South Africa He lost both his legs and most of his right arm when he fell under a train aged 12
CNN  -- Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen claimed his fourth Belgian Formula One Grand Prix victory in five years at Spa to end an astonishing run of 26 races without a win for the 2007 world champion . Kimi Raikkonen celebrates ending his victory drought after winning the Belgian Grand Prix . Raikkonen was hounded all the way for the majority of the race by pole-sitter Giancarlo Fisichella , who gave Force India their first points in F1 after 30 races with a second-place finish . In a chaos-filled race , British duo Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton crashed out on the opening lap in an accident that also accounted for the Toro Rosso of Jaime Alguersuari and Renault 's Romain Grosjean . Despite Button failing to score points for the first time this season , the 29-year-old still has a 16-point world championship cushion over Brawn GP team-mate Rubens Barrichello , who was seventh , with Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel is now 19 points down after he came home third . After his 18th career win , Raikkonen told reporters : "  We have n't brought new parts for the last few races as we are looking at next year . But my aim was always still to win a race because we are aiming for third in the  constructors '  championship . "  We probably were n't the fastest in terms of lap time , but we were able to keep everybody behind us . Hopefully we can now win more . " The Finn is fifth overall , 38 points behind leader Button and 17.5 adrift of fourth-placed Australian Mark Webber . Fisichella was delighted and disappointed in equal measure as he said : "  It 's a great result for us . "  It 's a great day but I was quicker than Kimi and I 'm a little bit sad because maybe I could have won the race as I was keeping pace with his car . " Vettel believes anything is possible now over the remaining five races as he , teammate Webber and Barrichello continue to reel in Button . "  If you look at the championship it 's a good result , " remarked Vettel . "  We lost too much ground in the first stint because of the guys ahead , but in the second and third the car was fantastic . It was a pleasure to drive . "  We 've managed to take points out of the Brawns , so overall a big thank you to the team and to Renault  engine providers  after all the trouble we 've gone through recently . "  It shows we are back . " Webber finished out of the points in ninth , with the BMW Sauber pairing of Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld claiming fourth and fifth respectively . Hamilton 's McLaren teammate Heikki Kovalainen was sixth , and Nico Rosberg of Williams took the final points-scoring position in eighth . Raikkonen 's teammate Luca Badoer was again last of the 14 drivers who finished the race , with the Italian continuing to struggle as stand-in for the injured Felipe Massa . His future with the Italian marque will be decided by Wednesday , the team said after Sunday 's race . Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso retired after 26 laps due to a problem with a front wheel on his Renault , having been third at one stage . Toyota 's Jarno Trulli , who started second on the grid , also retired after 21 laps after earlier pitting for repairs .	Kimi Raikkonen claims fourth Belgian Formula One Grand Prix victory at Spa Giancarlo Fisichella earns Force India 's first podium place by finishing second Jenson Button still leads driver standings despite crashing out on opening lap
Mental Floss  -- 1 . Backgammon Other than chess -- the history of which is well-covered elsewhere -- the most enduring table game of the last few centuries is backgammon , also known as "  tables " early in its history . Backgammon itself is a descendant , at least in spirit if not in direct lineage , of the games of Senet and Ur . The missing link may be the Middle Eastern game Nard or Nardshir , with rules nearly identical to backgammon 's and appearances in Babylonian and Persian literature between 300 and 850 A.D. ; when the Arabs conquered Persia in the 6th century , the game spread throughout the Muslim world , moving up the Caucasus and into Central Asia as well as Spain , from which it headed further into Europe . Mental Floss : 5,000 years of boardgames  Part I Willard Fiske , author of the misnamed Chess in Iceland  which includes histories of many table games beyond chess  , argues for Nard as the connection between tables/backgammon and the table games of antiquity , while David Parlett identifies its entry into Europe as Table , later Tabula , by way of the Byzantine Empire and then Greece . Tabula first appears in literature through an epigram written by the Byzantine Emperor Zeno , who lamented a particularly unfortunate throw of the dice in verse that was reproduced several decades later by the Greek poet Agathias . An early variant of Tables , called Tick-Tack  derived from the game tric-trac , where the goal was achieving certain scores or positions rather than bearing off all of one 's pieces  , even earns mention in Shakespeare 's "  Measure for Measure " , as Lucio says to Claudius in response to the latter 's plea for Lucio to talk to Claudius ' nunnery-bound sister : "  I pray she may ; as well for the encouragement of the like , which else would stand under grievous imposition , as for the enjoying of thy life , who I would be sorry should be thus foolishly lost at a game of tick-tack . I 'll to her . " The term "  backgammon " itself first appears in 1645 , spelled "  baggammon , " in a letter that also referred to Irish , a simpler predecessor that did n't include doubles or the levels of winning found in the modern game . Mental Floss : 5,000 years of boardgames  Part II 2 . Othello Popular today under the trademarked name Othello , the game previously called Reversi predates the Othello brand name by more than a half-century , but the name Reversi fell into the public domain several decades after its invention and publication . The inventor of Reversi remains in dispute ; the original patent went to Briton Lewis Waterman in 1888 , but he was later accused of theft by James Mollett , whose Annexation game purportedly dated to 1870 . Othello differs from Reversi only in name , in starting placement  in Reversi the first four pieces go in the center , but not necessarily in the familiar diagonal pattern  , and in origin myth , as Othello was "  invented " in Japan in the 1960s by Goro Hasegawa . 3 . Risk Risk was first published in France in 1957 as La Conquete du Monde , or "  World Conquest , " the name under which Parker Brothers first published it in the United States . The game was invented by Oscar - and Palme d'Or-winning film director Albert Lamorisse , who was also the author of the children 's book "  The Red Balloon , " adapted from his Academy Award-winning short film of that name . Game historian Bruce Whitehill has written that the choice of the Risk name reflected the first initials of the four grandchildren of the company salesman who suggested the name , although the story seems to be apocryphal . Mental Floss : Settlers of Catan : Monopoly Killer ? 4 . Diplomacy Diplomacy , tabbed by one gamer friend of mine as "  Risk for grown-ups , " was developed by Allan Calhamer in the early 1950s but was not published until 1959 , when Calhamer decided to print it himself after existing game houses were n't interested . A favorite of John F. Kennedy , Henry Kissinger , and Walter Cronkite , the game has sold over 300,000 copies since its 1960 publication by Games Research , and the game has endured the vicissitudes of the game-publishing industry , going to 3M , Avalon Hill , and now Hasbro . Calhamer , a Harvard graduate , drifted through law school and a few other jobs before settling on a career as a postal worker . He never published another game . Mental Floss : Card Game World Domination : The Rise of ` Dominion ' Part of the brilliance of Diplomacy is that it involves no luck whatsoever . Seven players  no more , no fewer  represent seven great powers in Europe at 1900 . They must form and break alliances with each other to try to be the one player left at the end who controls the majority of the 34 spaces on the map of the continent . The game relies entirely on negotiations and player strategy , with numerous strategy guides abounding online , including an entire Wikipedia article on a popular opening sequence for Italy called the Lepanto opening . One of a handful of games  with Risk  in both the GAMES Magazine and Origin Awards Halls of Fame , Diplomacy is an excellent choice if you enjoy knife fights with your friends and holding grudges that last well beyond the final move . Mental Floss : The story behind settlers of Catan 5 . Checkers The game known today as checkers or draughts likely traces back to Alquerque , a game that first appears in a 1283 treatise by Alfonso the Wise , summarizing the state of dice , table , and board games in that era . The "  de doze " variety of Alquerque , where each player began with twelve pieces , was played on a five-by-five grid , with only the central space unoccupied at the opening . A player moves by sliding any piece horizontally , vertically , or diagonally to an adjacent , vacant space , or by jumping over an opponent 's piece to a vacant space , thereby capturing the piece he jumped . The game could , and arguably should , end in a draw , as there is no luck involved and the second player can always simply counter the first 's moves . Alquerque was found throughout southwestern Europe from Sicily to France to Catalonia . Alquerque itself was related to the games known collectively as "  merels , " from the Latin merellus meaning a token or game piece . Parlett asserts that merels were viewed on par with chess and tables by the aristocracy of the Middle Ages , where the wealthy could afford the specially-designed boards required for these games , often owning two-sided boards to allow for the play of two of the three games . Merels were two-player games where each player is trying to line up three of his pieces in a row , a style of game largely fallen into disuse but recognizable in Tic-Tac-Toe  also known as "  noughts and crosses " in the U.K.  and the 1970s staple Connect Four . 6 . Scrabble In 1938 , architect Alfred M. Butts revised his own word-tile game , Lexiko , calling the new version Criss-Cross Words and -- stop me if you 've heard this before -- found his idea rejected by the game-publishing establishment .  Among those rejecting it : Milton Bradley , Parker Brothers , and Simon & Schuster . When early demand proved more than he could handle while holding down a full-time government job and some freelance work as an architect , Butts sought a publisher , eventually selling the rights to James Brunot , executive director of the President 's War Relief Council , in exchange for a royalty on future game sales ; Brunot tweaked the board , retitled the game Scrabble , and lost money for three years before his fortunes turned . For reasons lost to history , sales started to increase radically in the summer of 1952 , led by a large order from Macy 's . From sales of just 1632 units in 1950 -- a drop of about 33 percent from 1949 -- Scrabble moved just under 3.8 million copies in 1954 , by which point Brunot had licensed the game to Selchow & Righter . If you 're interested in Scrabble , I highly recommend Stefan Fatsis ' entertaining history of both the game and his own obsessive efforts in the world of competitive Scrabble players , Word Freak . Mental Floss : 10 words that will help you win at Scrabble 7 . Hex One entire class of games that has largely disappeared since its heyday in the 1960s and 1970s is connection games -- largely abstract games where players would try to capture areas or block opponents ' paths by connecting disparate points on a board of lines or pegs . The best-known example is Hex , invented independently in the 1940s by two mathematicians : Piet Hein of Denmark , and John Nash of the United States and "  A Beautiful Mind " fame .  Parlett actually gets this one wrong , referring to Hein as "  a Princeton University student , " conflating the two men . First commercialized in 1952 by Parker Brothers , who gave it the name "  Hex , " the underlying game is played on a board of variable size but equal length and width where the game spaces are hexagonal , thus each bordering six adjacent spaces . The players play at perpendicular angles to each other , and each player 's goal is to connect from his side to the opposite side . Nash proved that the game is a determined game : There can be no tie or draw , as the only conclusion is when one player completes a path between two opposite sides of the board . 8 . TwixT TwixT , now out of print , was invented by Alex Randolph in 1962 and published by 3M as part of its "  bookshelf games " series a decade later . TwixT 's board is a 24 × 24 grid of holes , where each player places pegs to connect to his pegs already on the board . The only permitted placement mimics that of a chess player 's knight -- two holes in one direction , then a 90-degree turn and shift of one more hole . The goal of TwixT , as in Hex , is to connect from one side to the other , but in TwixT the chain would be a series of pegs and connectors . TwixT , unlike Hex , is in GAMES Magazine 's Hall of Fame , but is not commercially available , as the rights went to Hasbro when the company purchased legendary board game publisher Avalon Hill . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Backgammon is the most enduring table game , other than chess Risk may have been named after the first initials of a company salesman 's grandchildren Checkers can be traced back to Alquerque , a game that first appeared in 1283
United Nations  CNN  -- On Tuesday , it was climate change . Wednesday , terrorists . And on Thursday , President Barack Obama confronted yet another emergency that threatens wide destruction overseas : the Ebola outbreak spreading in West Africa . Crisis management has become a hallmark of Obama 's second term , perhaps seen nowhere better than at the annual United Nations General Assembly , where the world 's leaders -- and their attendant calamities -- converge upon New York . Obama 's three main issues here -- climate change , ISIS and Ebola -- each has the potential to rapidly spiral out of control , officials suggest , with the effects of a warming planet already being registered and Americans overseas already being killed both by terrorists with the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and by the deadly virus spreading in Africa . Ebola patients left to lie on the ground Hoping to demonstrate to fellow leaders his government 's handle on the problems , Obama said Wednesday that the U.S. "  will not be distracted or deterred from what must be done " when it comes to helping solve the world 's problems . But throughout his 48 hours at the United Nations , Obama made clear he was n't going to take it all on himself . "  We can not do this alone , " he said during remarks at a session on combating Ebola , which has struck three countries in West Africa and prompted a large-scale U.S. military effort to stop its spread . CDC : Ebola cases could reach at least 550,000 by January "  We do n't have the capacity to do all of this by ourselves , " he said , adding , "  I hope I 'm properly communicating the sense of urgency here . Do not stand by thinking that somehow because of what we 've done , that it 's taken care of . It 's not . " That warning of the limits to U.S. power is broadly the same message Obama wanted to deliver on climate change and ISIS , which he focused on this week . Both threats , Obama said at various points , will require coalitions of governments to act rather than the U.S. alone . U.N. Security Council unanimously passes anti-terror resolution "  Nobody gets a pass " when it comes to reducing carbon emissions , Obama said , singling out China as a country that has a "  special responsibility " to figure out ways of emitting fewer gases that scientists believe lead to global warming . As he directs the U.S. to rein in pollution from coal-powered plants , Obama hopes other nations that emit large amounts of carbon will follow along , though commitments from China , India and Russia have been modest . Without firm plans from those countries to reduce carbon use , climate experts say , there 's little hope of turning around warming trends that threaten the global population . Marchers sound urgent call for climate change ahead of U.N. assembly So , too , will the threat from ISIS be contained only through coalition pressure , Obama and his aides maintained at the U.N. "  We can not do this for you " was his message to newly elected Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi during a meeting Wednesday , saying that any resolution to Iraq 's problems could come only from a lasting , inclusive government . The coalition of Arab countries that joined in the U.S. air campaign over Syria -- a victory for Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry -- can help "  de-legitimize " the ideology espoused by ISIS , U.S. officials say , making the group an essential part of Obama 's war plan . "  This is not America 's fight alone , " he said Tuesday before leaving for the global gathering in New York . The long , slow fight against ISIS : Airstrikes , failures on the ground Commitments have been forthcoming , including a unanimous vote at the Security Council for new standards in stemming the flow of foreign fighters . But even that measure will be hard to enforce , underscoring the difficultly in getting even like-minded nations moving in the same direction . "  Resolutions alone will not be enough , " Obama said . "  Promises on paper can not keep us safe . "  The words spoken here today must be matched and translated into action , into deeds -- concrete action , within nations and between them , not just in the days ahead but for years to come . "	Obama made clear at the U.N. that the U.S. is n't going to take the world 's problems alone Obama 's main issues at U.N. -- ISIS , climate change , Ebola -- could spiral out of control "  Resolutions alone will not be enough . Promises on paper can not keep us safe . "
CNN  -- Venezuelan opposition leader Henrique Capriles has announced that he will run in next month 's presidential election to replace the late Hugo Chavez . He faces an uphill battle against acting President Nicolas Maduro , who was sworn in last week and was Chavez 's hand-picked successor . According to state news , the candidates have until Monday to register for the April 14 election . "  Nicolas , I will not give you a free path , " Capriles told reporters Sunday . "  You will have to defeat me with votes . " Capriles , 40 , ran against Chavez last year and lost . But he mounted one of the fiercest challenges during the late president 's 14 years in power . He accused the government of manipulating Chavez 's death for political gain "  My fight is not to be president . My fight is for Venezuela to move forward , " Capriles said Sunday night . Maduro quickly fired back , appearing on state-run VTV to counter Capriles , calling him irresponsible . "  His aim is to provoke the Venezuelan people , " Maduro said . "  He 's looking for violence . " The sharp exchange gave a potential preview of what the campaign period might look like -- angry , bitter and deeply divided . Earlier Sunday , Maduro , 50 , the ruling Socialist Party 's candidate , picked up an endorsement from the country 's small Communist Party . He vowed to continue the policies and vision of Chavez , who died last week of cancer . Chavez was a larger-than-life leader , who positioned himself as a champion of the poor and cast himself as a "  21st-century socialist . " Making the poor count -- a Hugo Chavez legacy He was a polarizing figure , revered by legions even as others accused him of repressing dissenting voices and turning over once-independent institutions to partisan loyalists . "  I will be president and commander in chief of the armed forces because that 's what Chavez ordered me to do . I will follow his orders , but I need the help of the people , " Maduro said , according to VTV . When Maduro was sworn in last week , Capriles protested loudly , telling reporters in Caracas the ceremony was "  an abuse of power . " "  To be president , the people have to elect you , " he said . "  The constitution is very clear . " Maduro addressed the upcoming election . "  May the best person win , " he said . "  The people will decide . "	NEW : Henrique Capriles will face acting President Nicolas Maduro NEW : The two traded angry barbs Sunday night Capriles lost to Chavez last year ; Maduro is the late president 's hand-picked successor Candidates have until Monday to register for the April 14 election
CNN  -- Double-punched by two Indian Ocean storms , the southern African nation of Mozambique on Tuesday struggled with the destruction of a portion of its main national highway , cut-off communications and a reported death toll of 18 , according to the nation 's National Institute for Natural Disasters . Tropical Cyclone Funso is lashing the central portion of the country , causing flooding along the Incomati River . Officials fear fuel and food shortages will start hit northern cities in Mozambique that usually get supplies via roadway from the capital , Maputo . Funso currently has winds of 213 kph  about 132 mph  , which would make it equal to a Category 4 major hurricane if located in the Atlantic , said CNN Senior Meteorologist Brandon Miller . The center of circulation is in the Mozambique Channel , between central Mozambique and the island of Madagascar . It is forecast to strengthen as it meanders south through the Mozambique Channel over the next several days , Miller said . The storm is spreading rainfall over much of Mozambique and Madagascar , and this will continue for several days as the storm is moving very slowly , Miller said . Last week , southern Mozambique was hit by heavy rains from tropical depression Dando . Cecilio Grachane , the chief of the National Roads Administration , expects provisional repairs will be done on the nation 's critical north-south highway by Wednesday . But because of poor communication , traffic continues to move toward the place where the waters of the Incomati are overwashing the highway . The U.S. Embassy in Mozambique said Tuesday it had received reports from two American citizens unable to travel because of a road closure . There have been no reports of Americans injured , it said . Prime Minister Aires Ali visited the area on Sunday , urging people to not move on the road before they get clear advice on road and weather conditions . On Monday , small boats were helping move people trapped by floodwater along the highway . The Movene River , a tributary of the Umbeluzi , has risen substantially , limiting access to the Umbeluzi water treatment station on which Maputo relies for its water supply . Water used by residents of the capital city now has a brown color .	Mozambique struggles after onslaught of two Indian Ocean storms Tropical depression hit southern Mozambique last week ; cyclone now lashing central coast The main highway to the northern part of the nation is cut off by floodwaters Cyclone Funso forecast to strengthen as it meanders south through Mozambique Channel
CNN  -- A military judge dismissed the jury Monday in Army Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair 's court-martial after e-mails emerged over the weekend that could point to alleged Pentagon interference in the proceedings . Among the 22 pages of e-mails are a January communication in which a senior military lawyer writes Fort Bragg 's chief of military justice casting doubt on SInclair 's accuser 's credibility , and a February correspondence in which a lieutenant colonel with the Judge Advocate General 's Corps asked for a colonel 's "  thoughts/opinion " on Sinclair 's offer to enter a plea . According to CNN affiliate WTVD , Col. James Pohl , the presiding judge in the court-martial , granted a motion to reconsider whether unlawful command influence has marred the proceedings . The judge ruled Army prosecutors failed to meet their burden of proof in denying that the court-martial had been unduly influenced . Now , according to WTVD , the court must determine whether to grant a mistrial or delay the current trial and start over . The judge ruled out his third option : dropping the most serious charges against Sinclair , said Josh Zeitz , a spokesman for the defense . Last week , Sinclair , formerly one of the top Army commanders in Afghanistan , pleaded guilty to several charges , including committing adultery , engaging in inappropriate relationships with three women , conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman , and obstruction of justice , reported the public affairs office for Fort Bragg in North Carolina . The government 's lawyers dropped two counts -- one of conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman , and the other for cruelty and maltreatment -- while Sinclair still stands accused of "  sodomy ... by force and without the consent " of his alleged victim , an Army captain . Charges also loom for alleged cruel and maltreatment of subordinates and defrauding the government , according to Fort Bragg . The accuser , whom the defense has painted as a jilted lover upset that Sinclair would n't leave his wife , testified the day after Sinclair entered pleas to some charges , with the accuser telling the court that the affair started with intimate exchanges and evolved into groping and demands for sex and oral sex , WTVD reported . She was slated to continue testifying Monday , but the judge put the case on hold . It 's unclear if she will resume testimony Tuesday . The e-mails that brought the proceedings to a halt Monday were described by defense attorney Richard Scheff as evidence showing that not only did senior Army officials believe that the accuser had a credibility issue , but also that commanders are making decision based on politics rather than justice . In the January communication , Col. Michael Lacey , a staff judge advocate , writes Lt. Gen. Joseph Anderson about the accuser 's testimony regarding an iPhone she said she found December 9 . "  The forensic analysis of the phone indicates she accessed the phone before 9 December , which brings her credibility into question . The Special Victims Prosecutor  SVP  is trying to reconcile the forensic analysis and her statement , but it is possible that she was not truthful , " Lacey wrote . The defense wants the remaining charges against Sinclair dismissed and says the case "  should never have come to trial . " "  It 's a mess entirely of the government 's making , " Scheff said . "  When the chief prosecutor quits because he does n't believe the accuser , when senior officials in the chain of command and the Pentagon agree that the accuser has a credibility problem , and when commanders make decisions based on politics instead of justice , how can you possibly call this a functional process ? "	Judge dismisses jury after 22 pages of e-mails emerge over weekend E-mails show Army officials had doubts about accuser 's credibility Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair pleaded guilty to several counts last week Defense describes case as a "  mess entirely of the government 's making "
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Kim Jong Un cut a somber figure Monday , marking the first anniversary of his father 's death . North Korea said Kim Jong Il died of a heart attack from overwork on December 17 , 2011 . Hundreds of thousands of civilians and soldiers assembled outside the Kumsusan Palace of the Sun in Pyongyang where the bodies of Kim Jong Il and his father Kim Il Sung lie . Read more : North Korea silences doubters , raises fears with rocket launch Accompanied by his wife , Ri Sol Ju , who appeared to be heavily pregnant , Kim Jong Un bowed to giant statues of the former leaders inside the mausoleum . Outside , he listened to a commemorative speech from Choe Ryong-hae , head of the military 's political arm . Choe praised the achievements of the former leaders before declaring , "  Kim Jong Un is North Korea 's fate and future . " A lot has changed over the past year . Kim Jong Un has transformed from grieving son to a triumphant leader leading a controversial rocket launch this month . The 20-something leader , who was suddenly thrust into the limelight last December was considered by many outside , and possibly even inside , North Korea to be ill-prepared for the responsibilities that lay ahead . But experts say it was soon clear that the younger Kim would not be emulating the style of his father . "  Kim Jong Il was rather low profile for a few years after the death of Kim Il Sung which is in accordance with even older Confucian practices , " says John Delury assistant professor at Yonsei University in Seoul , South Korea . "  This is after all a dynastic system , but Kim Jong Un quickly proved by the spring that he was going to be quite public , quite active . " April 2012 brought with it one of the most significant dates on the North Korean calendar , as it marked the centenary of the birth of the country 's founder Kim Il Sung , celebrations for which had been planned for years by the late Kim Jong Il . His son picked up the mantle and controversially launched a rocket in commemoration . Following his father 's example , Kim ignored international condemnation for what he called an attempt to put a working satellite into orbit . Washington , Seoul and others in the region saw the launch as a cover for testing ballistic missile technology . Read more : Experts : Rocket launch bolsters North Korean leader The rocket was a failure , made all the more public by the international media which had been invited into the country for the occasion . But disregarding the international embarrassment , Kim Jong Un continued with the celebrations . "  He actually performed quite well by the standard set for him , " says Delury . "  He spoke in public which is something his father did not and he projected a kind of confidence and energy , he really turned the young and experienced to his advantage . " The world and the people of North Korea heard the voice of the new leader for the very first time . Even more surprising was Kim 's acknowledgment of his people 's suffering . He told a gathering of hundreds of thousands , "  Our Party is determined our people will not have to tighten their belts but will enjoy wealth and the honor of socialism . " Style-wise , Kim cuts a very different figure to his father . He is more personable and willing to interact with his people . He is often seen smiling and laughing and his wife has accompanied him on many field trips , which was unheard of during his father 's reign . Read more : Is Kim Jong Un 's uncertainty driving the rockets ? "  She 's played a very surprising role in constructing this image of a looser , more relaxed , more open leader domestically , " adds Delury . But despite a softer side appearing on camera , little has improved for the people of North Korea . Aid groups say malnutrition is still rampant in the countryside , brutal labor camps still remain and defector groups in Seoul claim Kim has cracked down even harder on people trying to escape . They say the leader has threatened to imprison or even kill three generations of the family left behind . It 's a claim CNN can not independently confirm . Kim has made his mark on the military , replacing some generals loyal to his father with those loyal to him . "  Certainly everyone has noticed a number of the key military figures , you know four who walked with Kim Jong Il 's remains a year ago have sort of disappeared from the scene or have been reshuffled . " But his statements on the South Korean or American leadership remain just as bellicose as during the his father 's era and he frequently visits military barracks and installations . Read more : What is life like inside North Korea ? Speculation about internal displeasure among some of those replaced by Kim Jong Un may be easing since last week 's successful rocket launch , the second attempt in a year . "  I think it earned him a lot of patriotic points , " says Jasper Kim , founder of Asia-Pacific Global research Group . "  So that will basically placate the military so this will give him extra room to maneuver in terms of making modernization efforts if that 's his plan . " Kim Jong Un 's use of the media has been a drastic departure from his father 's time . Live broadcasts and televised public speeches are no longer so unusual . Jasper Kim adds , "  Kim Jong Un basically grew up on Google and his father grew up on letters and stamps . It 's a new era and Kim Jong Un realizes the more he can kind of shape the narrative to the international community , the more it is to his benefit in terms of getting security and money and everything else that he wants for his country . "	Kim Jong Un has ruled North Korea for one year His father , Kim Jong Il died of heart attack on December 17 , 2011 Younger Kim departs from his father 's style , but repression , malnutrition remain
CNN  -- Last week , I sat down with colleagues and students to an early Thanksgiving meal prepared by my university 's cafeteria . Along with our winter greens , butternut squash , brussels sprouts with apples and bacon , and pumpkin grits , we ate a roasted "  heritage breed turkey . " Accolades ensued : "  To me , all turkeys taste the same -- except for this one -- I can tell the difference , " said William Payne who works in the medical school . The local greens from Georgia farms were "  really , really tasty , " said a first-year student from the Atlanta area and her friend from Tianjin , China . The meal was Emory University 's fourth Heritage Harvest Feast . The turkey that had everybody talking was a Narragansett , a heritage breed native to Rhode Island . Along with Bourbon Reds , Narragansetts have been saved from extinction by farms like the Good Shepherd Poultry Ranch in Kansas , where Emory 's turkey 's come from , and by the efforts of the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy , a nonprofit dedicated to conserving rare breeds of livestock . The Heritage Harvest Feast is not only an occasion for thanks and a good meal , but it also is part of a commitment to building a more sustainable food system . Sustainability depends on variety . To preserve variety , we need to grow it and want to eat it ! Thanksgiving advice , recipes , solidarity and sanity Genetic variety in our food system is the result of thousands of years of farmer and consumer choices , in itself a precious human heritage . Adapted to local climates and all kinds of diseases and pests , the seeds and breeds that have survived until the present day are often hardier , more resilient -- and can be more nutritious as well . As our planet warms and growing seasons shift , new patterns of flood , drought , frost and pests will stress our food system . When farmers plant large tracts of one variety -- perhaps one that is bred to grow faster , is suited to mechanical harvest and travels well -- or consumers demand only one breed of animal , our food supply is vulnerable . In the 1970s , for example , a disease wiped out more than 50 % of the corn crop in some states , because those areas were planted to one single corn variety . Crop uniformity is the enemy of resilience . The hardy traits of older , heirloom varieties provide a safety valve . They allow us to breed new , more resilient crops using traits we do n't even know we need until disaster strikes . But can we count on those genetic riches surviving today ? Around the world , the loss of species to extinction is progressing faster than ever . And this loss includes our seed varieties . Studies using USDA crop lists from 1903 estimate that only 6-7 % of the nation 's named commercial varieties remained available by the 1980s . We lost , for example , 86 % of our apple varieties and 92 % of our lima beans . Cary Fowler and Pat Mooney in "  Shattering : Food , Politics , and the Loss of Genetic Diversity " report that 93 % of our lettuce varieties , 81 % of our tomatoes , 93 % of our carrots and 91 % of watermelon varieties are extinct . To be sure , commercial seed catalogs now list many new hybrid crop varieties . But these hybrid seeds do not contain the range of genetic variability of the older , open-pollinated seeds  that is , plants pollinated by birds , insects or wind that "  breed true "  that reflect centuries of selection . This is a staggering loss of our precious genetic heritage . The best guarantee of a safe food supply as we head toward an uncertain global future is a large number of diverse food producers growing a wide variety of healthy seeds and breeds . But to save this rich biodiversity -- of potatoes or turkeys -- there needs to be a market . Fortunately , there is a growing awareness of the importance of heirloom varieties , and local farmers markets and even some grocery stores feature multiple varieties . Savoring distinct flavors in special types of vegetables , fruits and meats encourages us to recognize , enjoy and support farmers who are preserving variety . iReport : Who 's at your Thanksgiving table ? That 's why Cora and her husband , Simon ,  who came from the chemistry department to our early Thanksgiving dinner  grow a garden with heirloom vegetable varieties . And they order a heritage breed turkey for Thanksgiving even though it costs more . They are willing to spend extra money because , says Cora , "  it 's tastier , and we 'd rather eat meat less often and not get mass-produced and flavorless turkey . " So , as you plan your feasts this holiday season , can you add an heirloom vegetable ? Try a local specialty ? Seek out a heritage breed ? Our food future may depend on it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy F. Barlett .	Peggy Barlett : Early Thanksgiving dinner drew raves for tasty heritage turkey served She says a sustainable food system needs diversity , preservation of old varieties She says new weather patterns will stress crops ; old varieties provide growing options Barlett : Majority of food plant varieties are lost ; help save the rest by providing demand
CNN  Where do you go from here ? The fourth season of "  Game of Thrones " saw massive battles , major deaths  Tywin !  and White Walkers , but what can fans expect Sunday as we head into a fifth season of one of the most popular shows in HBO history ? It 's the most high-profile premiere yet , airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time .  HBO is a Time Warner company , like CNN . We sought out "  Thrones " aficionado Doug Gross , a writer for Nerdwallet and a former CNN employee , who had a few thoughts on the matter  beware , TV fans , he has read the books  . "  We 're going to start seeing some of the show 's major story arcs coming together , " Gross said  as confirmed by the executive producers  . "  Already , Stannis has shown up at the Wall to save Jon Snow and the rest of the Night 's Watch from the wildlings , " he said . "  Now we 'll see how his quest for the Iron Throne collides with the Watch 's supposedly non-political role protecting the realm . " Tyrion 's path should cross with Daenerys ' this season , according to the trailers . "  Season five also will be unique in that some of the major story arcs will clearly be moving ahead of where George Martin is in the ` Song of Ice and Fire ' books , " Gross pointed out . Executive producer David Benioff told Rolling Stone , "  We are starting to build to a crescendo , which means the battles have to get bigger and things have to get more dramatic . " Indeed , this fifth season means we 're past the halfway point , with the show currently set to end after seven years . The Stark daughters , Arya and Sansa , will be the characters to watch this season , as will Cersei . The world of Westeros is constantly plagued by war , but is there a time when people have just had enough ? "  Wars are waged by the nobles , but it 's the common folk who suffer , " Gross noted . "  And , this season , we 'll get a glimpse of what happens when those common people have had enough . "	The smash hit series "  Game of Thrones " returns for a fifth season Sunday Major story arcs should start to converge this year
CNN  -- Toronto Mayor Rob Ford , infamous for admitting he smoked crack and drank too much , called allegations that he tried to buy an incriminating video from criminal suspects "  an outright lie " on the Washington-based Sports Junkies talk radio show Thursday morning . Ford 's saga began in May , when allegations emerged that he appeared to be smoking crack cocaine on a pipe on cell phone video taken months earlier , in the winter of 2012 . After initially denying that he smoked the drug , he admitted in November that he did . On the show , when asked about how he handles all the media attention he 's received in the past few months , Ford said he is staying focused on serving his constituents . "  All the other stuff is nonsense , " he said . Ford got testy with the hosts when they asked him about the tape , telling them that they could talk to his lawyers if they wanted to keep asking him questions about controversy . "  I 'm here to talk about football , " he said . Ford described what a huge pigskin fan he is . He said that his home is full of football jerseys and regalia , and that he used to play center . He also said he has a football pool in his mayoral office . Documents : Criminal suspects claimed Ford tried to buy damaging video The hosts asked him if he is a fan of online poker , and he enthusiastically said he is , and then told the hosts that if they came to Toronto , he would treat them like "  kings , " and maybe they 'd go out for chicken wings . The hosts asked him what the future holds for him . The "  future is I 'm getting re-elected , " Ford replied . The hosts asked if Ford has the support of the people . "  Absolutely , " he answered . Asked who is running against him in the October 27 , 2014 , election , he said , "  I do n't know . There 's a ton of names out there . " Then he added : "  The more the merrier . Let my record speak for itself . " Mayor Rob Ford : A man of contrasts Allegations about damaging tape The sports radio interview aired a day after the release of documents that say Ford tried to buy a damaging tape from criminal suspects -- months before a tape was publicized showing him smoking crack . That 's according to documents CNN obtained from Ontario Crown Counsel Arielle Elbaz that are tied to a Canadian investigation into organized crime called Project Traveller . Ford was n't the focus of this investigation , and he has not been charged with a crime . But , after allegedly interacting with several players who were involved in the probe , he ended up getting ensnared in it . Ford vows ` outright war ' after council strips his powers The mayor 's camp did not return a CNN request for comment . According to the documents , police translating a March 27 phone conversation , primarily from the Somali language , believed that the men were talking about "  receiving an offer from Rob Ford in exchange for a video . " The men discussed an apparent offer of $ 5,000 and a car in exchange for the video , as well as selling the tape to the Toronto Star newspaper and an unnamed website . The court documents state : "  At the end of the discussion ,  one of the men  said he does not want to go to the media but would just see him  believed to be referring to Ford  , ... He says he 'll ask for 100 or 150 " -- possibly referring to $ 100,000 or $ 150,000 . These conversations do n't delve into specifics about what 's on the video . But earlier this year , allegations surfaced in two media outlets that Ford had been recorded last winter using crack cocaine . In May , the Star and the website Gawker published stories saying their reporters saw 90 seconds of a cell phone video showing Ford , as the Star described it , "  inhaling from what appears to be a glass crack pipe . " Later in the video -- as described by the Star -- an "  incoherent " man both the Star and Gawker claimed was Ford ranted about a number of subjects . After that report came out , Ford said he had no reason to resign . Yet pressure on him increased earlier this fall when Toronto 's police chief announced investigators had recovered a video that purportedly showed Ford smoking from a crack pipe . The next week , on November 5 , Ford admitted that he 'd "  smoked crack cocaine ... probably in one of my drunken stupors , probably approximately about a year ago . " He denied being an addict . Even after this admission , Ford refused to resign . Instead , he vowed "  outright war " on the city council when , later in the month , it slashed the mayor 's budget and transferred most of his duties to the deputy mayor . "  If you think American-style politics is nasty , you guys have just attacked Kuwait , " Ford said then to groans and laughter in the city council chambers . The mayor 's voice is less apparent in the documents released Wednesday , although he is not necessarily insignificant . Authorities say that phone intercepts from early on April 20 , for instance , indicate one woman telling a man "  that Rob Ford is at the residence . " Two minutes later , at 12:54 a.m. , another man allegedly tells the first "  to go to Princess 's ... house to deliver drugs to Rob Ford , " the court documents say . Ford on controversial team names Whenever the Washington , D.C. , radio hosts asked Ford about his political life Thursday , he tried to steer the conversation back to sports . "  Mayor , what is your link to the Redskins -- 'cause your people have told us that you actually were a Skins fan or you went to Skins camp ? " Ford said he went to a youth football camp in Pennsylvania for three years that was staffed , at least in part , by Redskins players . "  These guys literally taught us how to play football -- banging on your door at 7 a.m. . It was great discipline at a young age , so I went back there three years in a row . " One of the hosts asked him what he thought about opposition to the name Redskins , which some think is offensive to Native Americans . "  Why do n't we look at the Cleveland Indians , " Ford replied . "  What are we gon na call them next , the Cleveland Aboriginals ? Like , where do we go with this ? It 's been around for years and years and years and if they were offended they should have come out when the name was first initiated . You started playing -- how long have the Skins had their name for ? How long have the Chiefs had their name for ? How long have the Cleveland Indians had their name for ? Years and years and years and all of a sudden the politically correct people have to come out now ? I think everything 's fine and I would just stick with the name . "	Toronto mayor denies trying to buy an incriminating video from criminal suspects Ford is infamous for admitting he smoked crack He is still in office and tells radio hosts that he 's confident he 'll be re-elected next October
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A U.S. professor claims he has identified the parts of the brain that help to make someone a good leader . Pierre Balthazard is using EEG to find out what parts of the brain are involved in leadership . Pierre Balthazard , an associate professor at the Carey School of Business at Arizona State University , also says he can use neuroscientific techniques to help people improve the skills that play a part in leadership . Balthazard uses electroencephalography  EEG  to produce a "  brain map " of his subjects . By attaching electrodes to their heads , he says he can measure electrical activity generated by neurons in their brain . Much of his work has focused on calibrating the EEG data with standard psychometric tests , and now Balthazard says that just by looking at someone 's brain map he can predict their capacity for certain traits linked to leadership . "  From someone 's brain map I can tell if someone would rank high , medium or low on a psychometric assessment of their transformational leadership , and just that is an earth-shattering finding , " he told CNN . He has been working with the U.S. military to produce a model that will allow them to scan soldiers ' brains for complexity . The idea is that more complex brains produce better situational awareness and adaptive thinking -- essential skills for the modern soldier , who must be able to transition from front-line combat to nation building . He refers to traits like complexity and transformational leadership as antecedents to leadership itself . But for Balthazard , the ability to assess these skills is only half the story . What really excites him is the possibility of brain training and improving leadership skills . "  If you could only assess and not develop then it 's only an exercise in social engineering , and that 's of no interest to me , " he said . Balthazard explained that brains can be trained using positive and negative reinforcement , in the same way that disorders like ADD are treated . A subject is wired to software programmed to recognize "  correct " functioning of a specific part of the brain . If the brain is n't performing correctly , there is a negative reinforcement , such as a noise emitted from a speaker at an unpleasant frequency . "  The brain is amazing at adjusting so it does n't get the negative feedback , " he told CNN . But others think it may prove difficult to develop something as intangible as leadership . Dr Bob Kentridge , a member of the Cognitive Neuroscience Research Unit at Durham University , in England , told CNN , "  Even if you find differences in the brains of people with different leadership abilities , it 's very difficult to say if that difference is just related to leadership . "  It could be due to all sorts of things that might be fairly tangentially related to leadership . " "  Leadership is such a fuzzy quality that it 's hard to say conclusively what you are changing , " Kentridge added . "  You might change things that contribute to leadership , for example people might learn to stay calmer in conflict situations , but is that the same as saying you 're improving the leadership center of your brain ? " So , what 's inside the brain of a born leader ? Interestingly , intelligence is not a requirement . "  There 's zero correlation between IQ and leadership , " Balthazard told CNN . "  Emotion control has a lot to do with leadership . People who lead very well tend to have a much more coherent brain on the emotional , right side , and more differentiated brain on the more rational , left side , that can assess more different options . " Balthazard says that although he has identified brain profiles for antecedents to leadership , he stresses that before he can produce a set of exercises designed to improve leadership itself , he must develop a "  leadership norm " -- a standard for what makes a good leader . He has currently analyzed the brains of between 200 and 225 subjects , including bankers and military leaders , and says he must test twice that amount before he has his "  norm . " But he said plenty of people are already going to neurotherapists to train their brain for skills linked to leadership , such as decision-making , cognition , and memory retrieval , and Balthazard says he 'll soon be able to use neuotherapy techniques to develop leadership itself . "  At some point in the next 18 months we 'll have a seminal paper out that says we 've done this . We 're not there yet but I 've seen it in the lab . " If that happens , budding CEOs might be queuing up at neurotherapists to plug themselves in and turn themselves into the business brains of the future .	Researcher says he can spot a good leader just by scanning their brain Pierre Balthazard is a business professor who uses neuroscientific methods There is no correlation between intelligence and leadership , he says He hopes to improve people 's leadership by working on brain function
Mashable  -- Microsoft has just announced the 17 games that will be available on launch day with Kinect for Xbox 360 , the tech giant 's highly anticipated controller-free gaming system . Kinect , which launches on November 4 , is Microsoft 's answer to the Nintendo Wii 's motion controllers , which helped turn that console into one of this generation 's most popular gaming devices . Both Sony and Microsoft have been playing catch-up with the PlayStation Move and Kinect , respectively . Seventeen Kinect-enabled games will be available when the device makes its debut next month . Here 's the full list : Kinect Adventures : This is the game that is included with every Kinect device . It helps introduce gamers to the Kinect interface , letting them transverse the rapids , float around in space and challenge their friends to races , among other minigames . Kinectimals : Think Nintendogs , but with no controller . Game Party : In Motion : This includes a collection of party minigames like Darts . Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 1 The Videogame : You can now control Harry 's magic with your hands . Your Shape : Fitness Evolved : A fitness game from Ubisoft that is similar to Wii Fit . Dance Central : This game , made by the creators of Rock Band , tracks your dance moves . We 've heard good things about this one . The Biggest Loser Ultimate Workout : A game from THQ based on the TV show . DanceMasters : Konami 's version of getting your groove down . EA SPORTS Active 2 : A fitness game with body tracking , heart rate data and the ability to share workout data . EA has gone all-out with this game , which sort of explains its $ 100 price tag . Zumba Fitness : See a pattern yet ? This is a dance fitness game . Kinect Sports : Microsoft 's version of Wii Sports . MotionSports : This game from Ubisoft includes live in-game commentary and 40 + sports challenges . DECA SPORTS FREEDOM : While this game only has 10 sporting events , there is a focus on making it feel as real as possible . Figure skating should be interesting . Kinect Joy Ride : Controller-free kart racing . ADRENALIN MISFITS : This racing/battle game focuses on fantasy worlds . Fighters Uncaged : Fulfill your Fight Club fantasy without the bloody concussions and stitches . SONIC FREE RIDERS : Yup , Sega is bringing Sonic the Hedgehog to Kinect . What do you think of Kinect 's launch day lineup ? Let us know in the comments . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Microsoft announces the 17 games that will be available on the Kinect launch day Kinect is the tech giant 's highly anticipated controller-free gaming system The system is Microsoft 's answer to the Nintendo Wii 's motion controllers
CNN  -- Once-missing Virginia Tech mental health records regarding a student who killed 32 people and himself in a campus rampage were released Wednesday . Seung-Hui Cho killed 32 students and faculty members on April 16 , 2007 , then killed himself . The records cover all the interactions between Cho Seung-Hui , 23 , and Virginia Tech 's Cook Counseling Center during November and December 2005 -- the only times the center saw Cho , the university said , and nearly two years before his April 16 , 2007 , shooting spree . They were found recently at the home of Dr. Robert Miller , the center 's former director . According to the university , Miller 's attorney has said the records were inadvertently taken from the center when Miller left his job there more than a year before the shootings . The records detail a phone evaluation by the counseling center on November 30 , 2005 , and on December 12 , 2005 . Cho was evaluated in person following his release from a mental health facility on December 14 , 2005 . He was sent to the facility on a temporary detention order , the records indicate , after a female student filed a complaint with university police that Cho had been instant-messaging her and left a message on her dry erase board . The records from the facility , Carilion St. Albans , note that Cho told his suitemate he might as well kill himself because "  everybody just hates me . " The records said Cho stayed overnight at the facility . "  Essentially , it does not appear that he had any serious intent when he made the suicidal statement , " the records said . "  He was counseled about the need to act responsibly . " In each of the three evaluations at the Cook Counseling Center , Cho "  explicitly denied any intent to hurt himself or others and there was no evidence to the contrary , " Virginia Tech said in its statement . "  At the time of his last appointment , Cho was completing his fall 2005 semester exams and was scheduled to spend the holiday break with his family . He was provided with emergency contact information . "  As we know , Cho never called or returned to the Cook Counseling Center , and more than a year elapsed between the time he was evaluated by counseling center professionals and the tragic events of April 2007 . " The records also contain a December 14 , 2005 , e-mail to the center from a university housing official , documenting Cho 's "  history of erratic behavior and counseling-based issues at the time of his referral to Carilion St. Albans . " Cho 's suitemate had notified police because he had made suicidal statements and had "  blades " in his room , said the e-mail . Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine said last month the files were discovered at Miller 's home in connection with a civil lawsuit , but did not elaborate . The records ' absence was a mystery and a concern during the investigation , he said . The governor said his office was asking the Cho family for permission to make the records public . Cho 's family agreed earlier Wednesday to the records ' release . "  The family has consistently favored and urged disclosure of their son 's and brother 's records in the interest of advancing the investigation into the tragic events of April 16 , 2007 , as well as ensuring that the families of the victims have as much information as possible , " said family attorney Bernard DiMuro in a letter to Mike Melis , Virginia assistant attorney general . "  The unavailability of pertinent counseling center records during more than two years of investigation and review has created needless uncertainty and understandable speculation that has compounded the suffering of the survivors , families and the Virginia Tech community as a whole , " the university said in a statement . The records confirm facts already established by the panel that reviewed the incident , the university said . But "  Virginia Tech remains deeply dismayed by the prolonged unavailability of the records and looks forward to the completion of the Virginia State Police investigation into their unauthorized removal from the Cook Counseling Center . " CNN 's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report .	Files show dialogue between Cho Seung-Hui and VT 's Cook Counseling Center Report : Cho talked to suitemate about suicide because "  everybody just hates me " University says it was "  deeply dismayed by the prolonged unavailability " of the files
CNN  -- Gai Waterhouse made history on Tuesday by becoming the first female Australian trainer to win the Melbourne Cup , the country 's most prestigious horse race . Waterhouse saw her pre-race favorite Fiorente fend off competition from 2011 runner-up Red Cadeaux to win "  the race that stops a nation . " "  Everyone wants to win the majors and the Melbourne Cup is the biggest one of them all , " said Waterhouse , who was born in Scotland , raised in Sydney and once appeared in British sci-fi television show Doctor Who during her earlier career as an actress after returning to the UK . "  It 's a burning desire so today was fantastic ... His  Fiorente 's  preparation was in Melbourne and I knew he was primed for the occasion . "  It 's the first time I 've had the favorite in the 20 years I 've trained . " Victorious jockey Damien Oliver won the Flemington race for the third time in his career , despite only recently returning from a 10-month ban imposed for betting on a rival horse in 2010 . "  It 's amazing , a dream come true . It 's really hard to believe , " said Oliver . "  I 'm so rapt right now that I 've been part of Gai 's first win -- she 's done so much for racing and it 's a great honor for me to help her bring up the first one . "  Gai was one of the first people to really get behind me when I came back and I ca n't thank her enough for helping me get going again . " After her historic win , Waterhouse was asked about the possibility of taking both Fiorente and her other horse Tres Blue , which finished in 22nd place , across to Britain for Royal Ascot in August 2014 . "  I 'd like to go , " she replied . "  Both horses could easily come back to Europe . Tres Blue was just a bit new to it all . " Retired English football star Michael Owen saw Brown Panther , a horse he bred and co-owns , finish the race in eighth position . Brown Panther was hampered by a gash it sustained during the race after a coming together with another horse , but Owen confirmed the animal had suffered no serious injuries . "  Eighth out of 24 pretty respectable , " Owen said via his official Twitter account . "  Proud of him . Just hope he is OK as he has been struck into during the race . " "  Scan has come back clear , " Owen added later . "  Only superficial gash that requires stitches . We live to fight another day ! "	Favorite Fiorente wins the Melbourne Cup at Flemington Tuesday The horse makes Gai Waterhouse the first Australian female trainer to win the race Fiorente beat off competition from 2011 runner-up Red Cadeaux Ex-footballer Michael Owen 's horse Brown Panther finished eighth
CNN  -- At an auction at a gallery in New York recently , a piece of artwork sold for a higher price than had been anticipated by the auctioneers : $ 4,080 . It was n't a very big piece of art -- just 8-by-10 inches . Technically , it was n't even art . It was a glossy black-and-white photograph . It had a slight imperfection : there were staple holes in the upper left-hand corner . Someone had written all over the front of the photograph . The person who had scrawled on it was , in fact , the subject of the photograph . He had written : "  To Patricia Keating , with very best wishes , John Kennedy " That is what made the photo so valuable to someone : Kennedy had held it in his hands , had run his pen over it . The owners of Swann Galleries , where the signed photo was auctioned , believe that Kennedy had autographed the picture in 1956 , when he was a United States senator . The picture itself was n't worth much ; but his signature , personalized to Patricia Keating . ... "  As far as we know , she was n't anyone famous , " Rebecca Weiss , a Swann Galleries employee , told me on the day after the auction . "  There 's no particular significance to her name . " Then why would someone pay more than $ 4,000 for the photo ? Weiss told me that the identities of the buyers and sellers at Swann auctions are kept confidential , so she could not disclose who had consigned the photo for sale , or who had purchased it . But she said there is a pretty safe rule of thumb about the sale of autographs of renowned men and women : "  What people are buying is the mystique . They are taking home the autograph knowing that this person once actually touched this item , this person once actually left this imprint , this signature . " She clearly knows what she is talking about ; just this weekend , it was announced that another auctioneer had sold what is purported to be perhaps the last autograph Kennedy ever signed : a copy of the Dallas Morning News that he reportedly signed for a woman upon his arrival in that city on November 22 , 1963 . A man in California purchased it for $ 39,000 . In our digital age , in which images and data are transferred from person to person with the tap of a key , it would seem to be an anachronism : the idea of placing enormous monetary value on pieces of paper upon which prominent individuals once wrote their names . But that personal touch seems to have remained precious ; Weiss said that many , if not most , purchasers of autographed items display them as if they were rare paintings : framed and mounted in places of honor . She did n't have to convince me . I have only two pieces of art hanging in my home , and neither would qualify as art in the conventional sense . But I would n't trade them for Picassos or Van Goghs . The first is an original theater lobby poster for the greatest movie about newspapers ever made : 1952 's "  Deadline -- U.S.A. " , starring Humphrey Bogart . The other piece of art is an autograph -- actually , an entire  if brief  handwritten letter . It is a thank-you note . A thank-you note written to a laundry . At the top of the piece of paper , embossed in the italics/script font style of 1950s suburban-housewife stationery , are the words : "  From the home of ... Elvis Presley " And beneath it , in blue ballpoint pen : "  I should like to commend your Laundry for doing a fantastic job on my clothes , you show esceptional care . Sincerely E.P. " That 's just how , while living in a house on Audubon Drive in Memphis , Tennessee , in the years before he moved to Graceland , he wrote it . "  Laundry " capitalized in the middle of the sentence ; a comma instead of a period after "  clothes " ; "  esceptional " instead of "  exceptional . " I ca n't imagine a more wonderful or telling artifact from Presley 's life . Who writes thank-you notes to their laundries ? The young Elvis , that 's who . There 's such an essential sweetness to it -- to the very fact of the letter , to the formality of his introduction  "  I should like to commend ... "  , to the adjective he chose  "  a fantastic job on my clothes "  . I purchased the letter from a gallery two decades ago  for a price that made me bite the inside of my mouth  , and I would rather own it than the Mona Lisa . I was about to say that I would never part with it , but in fact I once did , for several months . An exhibit called "  American Originals : Treasures from the National Archives " was touring the country , and was scheduled to make a long stop at the Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum of the Chicago Academy of Sciences . Included in the exhibit were the original Louisiana Purchase Treaty , Thomas Edison 's 1879 patent application for the electric lamp and the instrument of surrender of the German High Command during World War II . I thought Elvis belonged there , and persuaded the curators of the museum to accept his thank-you letter on loan . The National Archives said they would not object , so long as Elvis ' note was not in the same room with the more austere documents . It worked out fine ; I thought Elvis would like it that way . He always was proud to be an outsider . In the hallway adjacent to the entrance to the main exhibit -- visitors saw it right as they walked in -- was Elvis ' handwritten letter , in a display case , with a plaque that read : "  This note , written by Elvis Presley when he was on the verge of becoming a star , provides an example of how seemingly trivial documents can increase in value and cultural significance as a result of historic events . It also shows that despite his growing fame in the early 1950s , Presley cared about the feelings of others . " Brings a tear to your eye , does n't it ? I can fully understand why someone in New York the other day would purchase the photograph that John Kennedy once signed for Patricia Keating , whoever she may have been . You do n't have to be Patricia Keating to comprehend the value of that picture , just as you do n't have to be Elvis ' laundry to comprehend the value of that thank-you note . Great art , like great beauty , is where you find it . It is , as they say , in the eye -- or the laundry bag -- of the beholder . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Photo signed by JFK recently sold for $ 4,080 , Greene notes In the digital age , the idea of valuing names on paper seems odd , he says But autographs allow an admirer to make a connection to a hero , he says That makes some autographs more precious than fine art , he says
By the big smiles , warm hugs and loud cries of ululation , the video seems to show a joyous celebration . An Egyptian prosecutor looked at the same footage and saw something very different : a "  satanic ceremony " with images that are "  shameful , regrettable and anger God . " However it is characterized , the event has landed eight men in jail for three years , an Egyptian court ruled Saturday . The men will face three years of probation upon their release , according to Egypt 's state-run Ahram Online . It 's all because of a roughly 1-minute video set upon a Nile riverboat . It shows several well-dressed men , one of which pulls out a ring and slips it on another man 's finger . The two had a brief kiss , then hug -- all as others on the boat cry out happily around them . There 's a cake with two men 's picture on it . "  May your night be filled with pomp and ceremony , " one man says . The video went viral after posting online . In early September , the suspects were detained as part of an investigation ordered by Prosecutor-General Hisham Barakat for allegedly broadcasting footage that "  violates public decency . " The prosecutor 's office accused the men of "  debauchery " and "  undermining public morals " for their part in what it described as a same-sex wedding . The prosecutor 's statement claims the event took place in April , but was only recently posted as an act of revenge against one of the men filmed in the video . Very soon after , on September 8 , Egypt 's forensic authority announced that seven of the arrested men had been physically inspected and were determined to be "  not gay , " according to another Ahram Online story . The authority 's spokesman , Hisham Abdel-Hamid , said the inspection found that they "  have never had sex with other men . " The eighth suspect -- who was an alleged groom in the video -- did n't show up for a physical inspection , according to the report . A man in the video has denied , in an interview with privately owned Rotana Masriya TV , that it depicted a marriage between the two men . Rather , he claimed that he was holding a birthday party for a friend and gave him a silver ring as a gift . There are no laws explicitly against same-sex relations in Egypt . Still , other laws -- such as those against "  shameless public acts " -- have been used in recent years to arrest and prosecute gay men in recent years , Ahram Online notes . The eight men in this case , for instance , were convicted on charges of "  debauchery . " In September , a judicial source told Ahram that six men were arrested and soon thereafter sentenced to two years in jail with labor for "  committing debauchery " after an apartment raid . Four men were sentenced to prison in April for similar morality charges . And in 2001 , Egypt arrested more than 50 men in a raid on a gay nightclub on the Queen riverboat .	Eight arrested after an online video showed what authorities called a same-sex wedding A prosecutor called it a "  satanic ceremony " with images that are "  shameful ... and anger God " Homosexuality is not explicitly outlawed in Egypt ; gays have been charged in other ways
CNN  -- Adele , who won big at the 2012 Grammys , once told Karl Lagerfeld off when he said that she was talented and pretty but a little too fat . Maybe his words got to her . The British pop star made news this week when she admitted to wearing four pairs of Spanx under a dress that wowed the audiences at the Grammys . Apparently , this was an improvement over her original dress that featured a built-in corset and in which she passed out when she tried it on . Spanx is a line of undergarments that offers solutions for women of all sizes and shapes . You can target bulging stomachs , jiggling upper arms , aging breasts and any other body part that may need some enhancement . No longer an item of fantasy play or a secret amongst plus-sized women , Spanx products have become prized accessories flaunted by the Kardashians , Oprah and suburban moms . Spanx 's selling point is that it helps smart , successful women of all ages to build their confidence by , well , looking good . But playing with fire might be a more adequate metaphor when we consider that less than half a century ago , women denounced Spanx-like garments as symbols of oppressive beauty standards . When women got rid of girdles and garter belts en masse in the 1960s , they did n't only reject restricting undergarments .  And restrict they did ; it 's hard to ride a bike , perform surgery or even breathe , as Adele learned , when your midsection is squeezed tight  . They also rejected a society in which women were underemployed , underpaid and underappreciated . Throwing away girdles and curlers seemed like the dawn of a new era . Women got jobs , demanded equal pay and learned to be as tough as their male peers . Fifty years later , the girdle-like Spanx is back thanks to Sara Blakely , a brilliant woman who built a multimillion empire . Blakely used $ 5,000 to start a brand that defines its category , shapewear . She owns 100 % of a company that turns a handsome profit . She is the youngest female self-made billionaire in the world . She would be a darling of the women 's movement if her innovation was n't antithetical to everything else it stood for . The twist is that Spanx prides itself on empowering women . The tagline for its In-Power panties that promise to whittle your waist , firm your figure and amp up your look is "  powerful women wear powerful panties . " The company 's catalog proclaims : "  Tame your tummy and create an hourglass silhouette with Super Higher Power , our new comfortable yet powerful high-waisted hosiery shaper ... . Now , you 've got the power ! " Translation : Powerful women tame unsightly bulges . Say bye-bye to bad body image talk It was n't supposed to be this way . The protesters who descended upon Atlantic City in 1968 to picket the Miss America pageant were n't clamoring for more comfortable girdles . They wanted to change the rules of the game , telling women that their power lay in their heads , not in their bras and panties . What the 1968 protesters fought for still matters today . Despite huge progress , our society is not a post-feminist era . Women earn less than 80 cents to a man 's dollar , hold about 17 % of the seats in Congress and represent 3.6 % of Fortune-500 CEOs . Of course , women are n't marched to their lingerie drawers at gunpoint . They choose to spend $ 250 million a year on Spanx products alone . Some would argue they make a wise choice . While beauty standards have changed , women are still rewarded for boosting their appearance . Better-looking women are more likely to be hired and promoted than those who are less attractive . But when women think that they can have both their Spanx and their paychecks , they miss the big picture . The culture that gave us Spanx holds us to impossible standards of beauty that even the sveltest women can not meet  just think of all the Hollywood stars who are always trying to slim down  . And it provides us with an impoverished sense of empowerment . Sadly , even women running for the highest office are not immune . Like the beautiful actresses who go the extra mile to put on their best appearance on the red carpet , politicians are as attuned to perceptions . Michele Bachmann , Sarah Palin and Hillary Clinton all upped their wardrobe ante when they stepped into the national spotlight . Ending up on People 's worst-dressed list could be as embarrassing for a politician as for a starlet . Of course , we ca n't blame Spanx or Blakely for any of this . All of us are to blame . With our dollars , we support the very object that constrains us . When we wear shapewear , we buy into messages that equate women 's power and abilities to the size and shape of their silhouettes . Little wonder that a woman of Adele 's caliber felt the pressure , too . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Orit Avishai .	British pop star Adele wore four pairs of Spanx at the Grammys Orit Avishai : Girdle-like garments were symbols of oppressive beauty standards She says embracing shapewear gives women an impoverished sense of empowerment Avishai : We can blame ourselves for supporting the very object that constrains us
CNN  -- The threatening calls reportedly came one after the other to Mexico 's main Catholic seminary . Callers , claiming to be from one of the country 's feared drug cartels , offered an ominous warning : Pay up if you value the safety of your priests . "  They called several times . They identified themselves as the Familia Michoacana , but who knows ? " Cardinal Norberto Rivera , archbishop of Mexico City , revealed at a Mass this week . "  I spoke with the authorities . We made the appropriate report . Because they wanted us to pay . Because if not , they would kill one of us . They wanted to extort 60,000 pesos  $ 4,600  . " Reports of extortion have become increasingly common as drug cartels expand their reach in Mexico . But public denouncements of such attempts are rare . Rivera called on parishioners to report extortion to authorities , and he urged them not to pay . His description Sunday of the extortion attempts and a statement denouncing drug violence give a glimpse into the problems faced by a Catholic Church often caught in the crossfire of warring cartels and government efforts to stop them . In the country 's capital alone , more than 10 priests have been threatened with extortion , said the Reverend Hugo Valdemar Romero , a spokesman for the archdiocese . "  None of them have paid , " he told CNN . "  Last year , two extortionists were arrested . " It 's not uncommon for individual parishes to face extortion threats , he said . But the calls last month to the Seminary of the Archdiocese of Mexico marked the first time such a large church-run institution in the capital had been targeted , Romero said . Mexico 's Catholic priests have long struggled with how to deal with spiraling drug violence and cartel culture . In addition to widespread extortion attempts by gangs , church officials have said clergy have received threatening notes and telephone calls after sermons against drug use and trafficking . In 1993 , Cardinal Juan Posadas Ocampo was gunned down in the parking lot of an airport in Guadalajara , Mexico . Authorities said a drug gang had confused him with a rival trafficker , but some church leaders claimed he was targeted for denouncing drug trafficking . In 2009 , Hector Gonzalez , the archbishop of the northern state of Durango , raised fears of attacks on the clergy after he said that Mexico 's most wanted man , Sinaloa cartel boss Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , lived in a Durango town and that "  everybody knows it except the authorities . " Days later , investigators found the bodies of two slain military lieutenants in mountains nearby , accompanied by a note : "  Neither the government nor priests can handle El Chapo . " Gonzalez quickly backed away from his comments , telling reporters who asked him about them , "  I am deaf and dumb . " There 's also a flip side . Some critics say churches have received large donations from traffickers . A plaque inside a chapel in Mexico 's Hidalgo state once boasted a donation from Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano , a leader of the Zetas cartel until his death last year in a shootout with Mexican forces . This year , even as government officials have suggested that drug-related violence could be on the decline , church leaders have warned that priests and the congregations they serve remain at risk . Last week two priests were killed in Mexico 's Veracruz state . Authorities arrested four suspects after the priests were found slain inside their parish . A group of Mexico 's Catholic bishops have said they plan to discuss the violence with Pope Francis during a visit to the Vatican next year . READ MORE : In Juarez drug war , priest is on front lines READ MORE : Killing shows Mexico clergy no longer cloaked from cartels ' aim CNN 's Mariano Castillo and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Mexico City 's archbishop says a cartel tried to extort a seminary Anonymous callers claimed to be from the Familia Michoacana cartel They threatened to kill if money was n't paid , he says The Catholic Church has been caught in the crossfire of warring cartels
CNN  -- A majority of cocaine imported into Australia over the past two years came from Mexico , the Australian Crime Commission told CNN in a statement Thursday . "  This is in part due to the strong links ethnic South Americans and Mexicans have with cocaine producers in Colombia , Bolivia and Peru , " the commission said . The intelligence came from a "  comprehensive national picture of the overall illicit drug market , " which involved data collected by a multitude of agencies , according to the statement . Although the statement stopped short of naming the specific organized crime connection between Australia and Mexico , they said , "  opportunities brought by technology , by globalization ... and new information , brings with it opportunities for crime that were previously unimaginable . " "  We are also seeing more dispersed criminal networks , " the statement said . "  In addition , it may indicate more networking by criminal groups who are effectively subcontracting distribution rather than take the entire risk . " Cocaine consumption in Australia is increasing , according to authorities , with a total of 359 importations detected between 2008 and 2009 . "  Recent increases in cocaine arrests and reported use , as well as considerable seizures of the drug in recent years indicate potential expansion of the Australia cocaine market , " the statement said .	Cocaine consumption in Australia is increasing Australia says Mexico has increased drug activities over the past two years
EW.com  -- Matt Smith of "  Doctor Who " fame will star in the next "  Terminator " film . Skydance , which is producing the film with Paramount , tweeted the news earlier Friday , and the studio followed with confirmation . "  We do n't have a TARDIS , but we do have a Time Lord : we 're pleased to welcome Matt Smith to the cast of #Terminator , " the tweet read . Matt Smith joins Ryan Gosling pic Smith will play a new character with a strong connection to anti-robot resistance fighter John Connor , now played by "  Zero Dark Thirty 's " Jason Clarke . "  Game of Thrones ' " Emilia Clarke plays Sarah Connor and Jai Courtney has been cast as Kyle Reese . Arnold Schwarzenegger is slated to be back â $ " but , of course â $ " joining newcomers J.K. Simmons , Dayo Okeniyi , and Byung Hun Lee . Alan Taylor , who helmed the most recent "  Thor " sequel , is directing the film , which is rumored to be titled "  Terminator : Genesis . " Paramount has set a release date of July 1 , 2015 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Former "  Doctor Who " star Matt Smith is confirmed for the next "  Terminator " film He 'll play a character with a strong connection to John Connor "  Game of Thrones " actress Emilia Clarke plays Sarah Connor
PEOPLE.com  -- "  I really want to start dancing again , " Chaz Bono tells PEOPLE . No , he 's not expecting to be invited back to "  Dancing with the Stars , " where he lasted an impressive six weeks this past fall . He 's looking to woo the ladies on the dance floor , explains the newly single Bono , who split with his fiancÃ © e in December . "  What a great skill : to be able to take a woman dancing ... and actually know what you 're doing ! " Bono 's been staying active , maintaining his DWTS weight loss by taking up boxing and skiing over the Christmas holiday with his family . He 'd understandably taken some time off from the slopes , explaining , "  First I was a drug addict and then my dad died skiing , so that kind of turned me off a bit . " But back in the dating pool , fitness is important , and Bono is hoping that the world can start to see past him as a trans man . "  People focus on what 's between your legs , " says Bono . "  If I never have bottom surgery -LSB- the procedure by which a penis is created -RSB- , I 'm fine . I feel 100 percent male as I am . " Bono adds that any further surgery is not a big priority at this time . "  When I was doing Dancing , I had a leak in my roof . A new roof was definitely more of a priority , " he says with a laugh . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Chaz Bono is looking to woo the ladies on the dance floor Bono split with his fiancÃ © e in December Bono 's been staying active , maintaining his DWTS weight loss
CNN  -- France 's Sebastien Ogier underlined his growing promise with a storming drive to win the Rally of Portugal , his maiden victory in the world championship . The 26-year-old led a sweep of the podium positions for the C4 Citroen team with reigning world champion Sebastien Loeb in second place , 7.9 seconds adrift . Spaniard Dani Sordo finished third at one minute 17.6 seconds . "  I 'm incredibly happy , we had a perfect weekend , with a perfect car from start to finish , " Ogier told the official WRC Web site . "  We attacked from the first to the last special without making a mistake even though we were under pressure from the best driver in the rally . It could n't have been better . " Ogier , the junior world rally champion in 2008 , has moved into second place in the title standings behind the all-conquering Loeb , who has 126 points after six rounds . Ogier , who finished second in New Zealand three weeks ago , is on 88 points with Finland 's Mikko Hirvonen on 76 . He went into the final day with a 21.1 seconds advantage on seven-time world champion Loeb , who mounted a late charge . Loeb pulled back 14 seconds by claiming the first four specials on Sunday , but could make no further impression . 2009 championship runner-up Hirvonen finished fourth in a Ford Focus as he overtook Norway 's Petter Solberg , who crashed out in his Citroen C4 in the final SS18 near the finish .	Sebastian Ogier of France wraps up maiden win in world rally championship Ogier holds off compatriot and seven-time champion Sebastien Loeb in Portugal Citroen C4 teammate Dani Sordo finishes third
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Two billionaire brothers who control Asia 's biggest property development company have gone on trial in Hong Kong 's biggest ever corruption case . Sun Hung Kai Properties  SHKP  co-chairmen Thomas and Raymond Kwok were among five people charged with a total of eight offenses , including conspiracy to offer advantages to a public servant and misconduct in public office , the Independent Commission Against Corruption  ICAC  said in a statement . The two brothers are ranked 86th on the 2014 Forbes list of the world 's richest people . Hong Kong 's former chief secretary Rafael Hui , banker Francis Kwan and Thomas Chan -- responsible for land acquisitions for SHKP -- were the other men charged after one of the biggest anti-graft probes in the banking hub 's history . Hui , previously the city 's No. 2 , faces charges related to misconduct in public office , including the acceptance of rent-free apartments and unsecured loans -- he 's the highest-ranking former official to face trial in the city . All five defendants plead "  not guilty " to each of the charges . The ICAC revealed the offenses took place between 2000 and 2009 as investigators probed land sales overseen by Hui involving SHKP . The case has caused a media frenzy in the city , where real estate is a local obsession . Sun Hung Kai , which helped to build some of the tallest buildings in the city 's celebrated skyline , contributed to the Kwok brothers ' estimated $ 18.3 billion fortune . The brothers , who were arrested in March 2012 , have always protested their innocence . "  I can say that personally I have done nothing wrong . And I can vouch for Mr. Thomas Kwok that he has done nothing wrong either , " Raymond Kwok said at a news conference on April 2012 , referring to his brother . "  I hope this investigation will clear my name , " he said at the time . Hong Kong , a special administrative region of China , is considered to be one of the world 's least corrupt territories . According to Transparency International 's 2013 Corruptions Perceptions Index , Hong Kong is the 15th least corrupt territory in the world -- with the United States , by comparison , ranked 19th .	Property tycoons Thomas and Raymond Kwok in court on graft charges Charges include conspiracy to commit misconduct in public office , furnishing false information Their company , Sun Hung Kai , built some of the tallest buildings in the city 's celebrated skyline
Fighting erupted Friday across Egypt between supporters of Mohamed Morsy and their opponents , leaving more than two dozen people dead and hundreds more injured while raising fears of widening violence after the military ousted the country 's first democratically elected president . The violence came as Morsy 's supporters held massive protests across the country , calling for his reinstatement , a counter to huge demonstrations among those celebrating his ouster . At least 26 people were killed and more than 850 were injured in clashes across the country that at times pitted Morsy supporters against his opponents and the military , state-run media reported , citing the Ministry of Health and medical officials . Among those killed were five Morsy supporters who were shot by the army in front of the headquarters of the Republican Guard headquarters , where Morsy was said to be detained , the Muslim Brotherhood 's political wing -- the Freedom and Justice Party -- said . The health ministry reported that at least two people were killed and 65 injured in clashes there . It did not detail the injuries that led to the deaths of the two . State broadcaster Nile TV , citing an unnamed security source , said live ammunition had not been used against demonstrators and no one was hurt or killed . The fighting broke out when Morsy supporters tried to storm the building , Nile TV said . CNN 's Reza Sayah , reporting from outside the building , said he had seen one body around which scores of Morsy supporters were huddled , some of them crying . A few feet away , demonstrators faced off across a barbed-wire barricade behind which stood a line of soldiers who detonated flash grenades and fired tear gas in an apparent attempt to get the demonstrators to move away . Many of them did just that , though thousands of others remained in defiance . Demonstrators could be seen carrying away a wounded man . Some demonstrators waved flags and held pictures of Morsy and vowed not to leave until the military returns Morsy to office . By nightfall , clashes on a bridge near Tahrir Square began after a standoff that saw anti-Morsy demonstrators advance on his supporters , with both sides throwing rocks and shooting fireworks at each other as hundreds of people ran , according to video footage . About 100 soldiers , backed by armored personnel carriers , rolled on to the bridge to separate the two sides and break up the fighting . CNN 's Ben Wedeman was reporting live near the bridge when soldiers unplugged his crew 's camera and confiscated the equipment . Wedeman said an agreement subsequently was reached that the camera would be returned -- without the video footage . The violence was the latest fallout following Wednesday 's move by the nation 's powerful military to remove Morsy . Morsy had become the nation 's first democratically elected president a year ago , but failed to fix the nation 's ailing economy or improve its crime problems and was seen by many as increasingly autocratic . Anti-Morsy protesters eye next moves Human Rights Watch has said he had continued abusive practices established by Hosni Mubarak , who was pushed out in a popular uprising in 2011 after three decades of iron rule supported by the U.S. government . "  Numerous journalists , political activists , and others were prosecuted on charges of ` insulting ' officials or institutions and ` spreading false information , ' " the rights group said . Throngs of protesters filled Egyptian streets for days , calling for him to step down . The president 's supporters turned out at massive counter demonstrations . At times , the two sides clashed with deadly consequences . On Monday , the army gave Morsy 48 hours to agree to share power or be pushed aside . On Wednesday , the military rejected Morsy 's conciliatory gestures as insufficient and announced its "  road map " to stability and new elections . Morsy and a number of leaders of the Brotherhood were arrested and may face charges over the deaths of protesters during clashes with Morsy 's supporters , many of whom also died . Moves spark outrage Adly Mansour , head of the country 's Supreme Constitutional Court , was sworn in Thursday as interim president . Who is Egypt 's Interim President ? He immediately dissolved Egypt 's upper house of parliament , the Shura Council , and appointed a new head of intelligence , state TV said Friday . The moves sparked outrage among Egyptians who saw them as counter to what their fledgling democracy was supposed to have been all about . Mohamed Badie , the Brotherhood 's spiritual leader , exhorted the thousands of people who packed the area around the Rabaa Adawiya mosque in Cairo to fight back . "  The coup is illegal and we will never accept its results , " said Badie , whose title is supreme guide of the Muslim Brotherhood . "  We sacrificed so dearly to reach this point , and we will never return to the past again . " Badie challenged the Egyptian army to "  return to the arms of the nation . " The furor appeared to escalate during the day . By nightfall , a car was burning on the 6th of October Bridge , which commemorates the 1973 Arab-Israeli war , and leads to Tahrir Square , a focal point for anti-Morsy demonstrators . In Haram , a neighborhood of Giza in greater Cairo , one person was killed and seven were injured when a group of armed men attacked a police station , a spokesman for the health ministry said . At least 10 people were injured in clashes between supporters of Morsy and residents in the city of Damanhour , about 160 kilometers  100 miles  northwest of Cairo , Nile TV said . State television showed pictures from Alexandria of security forces firing tear gas at pro-Morsy demonstrators . Outside Cairo University , throngs of pro-Morsy demonstrators formed human chains while others participating in a sit-in shouted , "  Police are thugs ! " Mohamed Ismail was among those protesting near the university when he said he heard gunfire and saw "  thugs " appear . They carried guns and knives , he told CNN . "  I saw scores of people falling from the gunshots , " he said . "  But I do not know how many people were killed and injured . " Gunshots and birdshot were used in the clashes between the two sides , the state-run Al-Ahram news agency reported . Egypt 's armed forces said they would guarantee the rights of protesters as long the protests resulted in neither violence nor destruction of property . Dismantling the Brotherhood ? In a move likely to spark further unrest among Morsy supporters , Egyptian authorities arrested the Muslim Brotherhood 's deputy supreme leader , Khairat el-Shater , and Salafi politician Hazem Salah Abu Ismail , on Friday in Cairo . Abu Ismail was being held on allegations of inciting the killing of protesters in front of the Muslim Brotherhood headquarters in Cairo , according to a statement released by the prosecutor 's office . El-Shater , who was the Muslim Brotherhood 's first presidential candidate before being replaced by eventual president Morsey , was being held in connection with accusations he incited the killing of protesters in recent days , state-run TV reported . The detention of the two men , who are wildly popular among their followers , has raised fears it could spur more supporters into the streets . Police , meanwhile , were seeking hundreds of other Brotherhood members , state media reported . A spokesman for the Freedom and Justice Party said Thursday the coup had turned into "  very , very questionable attempts by the military to dismantle the Brotherhood . " Opinion : Can the Muslim Brotherhood survive ? The Freedom and Justice Party chief , Saad el-Katatni , and the party deputy , Rashad Al-Bayoumi , who were arrested Thursday , had been released , Nile TV , said Friday . The Tamarod , or "  Rebellion , " movement , which had sought Morsy 's ouster , has nominated Mohamed ElBaradei , an opposition leader , to become prime minister . ElBaradei , the former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , described Morsy 's ouster as a "  correction of the uprising of 2011 . " Other opposition leaders and protesters have objected to the use of "  coup " to describe the military 's removal of the elected president via non-democratic means . President Barack Obama said the United States was "  deeply concerned " about the move , but did not use the word "  coup . " Washington has supplied Egypt 's military with tens of billions of dollars in support and equipment for more than 30 years . Under U.S. law , that support could be cut off after a coup . The United States on Friday condemned the deadly violence following Morsy 's ouster . "  We call on all Egyptian leaders to condemn the use of force and to prevent further violence among their supporters , " State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki said . "  As President Obama said , we expect the military to ensure that the rights of all Egyptians are protected , including the right to peaceful assembly , and we call on all who are protesting to do so peacefully . " Meanwhile , the African Union announced Friday that it suspended Egypt from its ranks of member countries . The AU 's Peace and Security Council also said it was sending a team to Egypt to work toward restoring constitutional order . More violence , more deaths Of the 22 people killed Friday , state-run media reported 12 died in clashes in the northern Egyptian city of Alexandria , where Morsy 's supporters and opponents have reportedly clashed for days . Elsewhere , Islamist gunmen attacked Egyptian police stations and checkpoints in the Sinai , killing at least one soldier , agencies reported . A senior intelligence officer who would not agree to being identified said two police officers were killed in the northern Sinai city of Arish when a group of men drove by the police station and shot them . The assaults may have nothing to do with extremist threats to avenge Morsy 's overthrow . The desert peninsula next to Israel and Gaza has long eluded the control of Egyptian security forces , leaving extremists plenty of room to establish themselves . The army said it was on high alert , a level below maximum alert , in the Sinai and Suez provinces . The military was enforcing a curfew until 6 a.m. local time Saturday in the northern Sinai Peninsula . Egypt is the largest Arab country in the world and a close ally of the United States , which gives it $ 1.5 billion per year for military and civilian programs . It controls the Suez Canal , a crucial sea route through which more than 4 % of the world 's oil and 8 % of its seaborne trade travel . With Jordan , it is one of two Arab countries that has made peace with Israel .	At least 26 people were killed in post-coup violence , state media reports Gunshots and birdshot fired in clashes near Cairo University , witness says Egypt military arrests the Muslim Brotherhood 's deputy supreme leader Egyptian soldiers stop CNN 's Ben Wedeman from reporting , seize camera
CNN  There can be no March without the madness . When it comes to college basketball , the first month of spring ushers in a frantic slew of games to determine seedings for one of the most fervently watched sporting events in the U.S. , known simply as the NCAA Tournament , or more often , March Madness . Like English soccer 's FA Cup , much of the 68-team tournament 's appeal is its egalitarian system of pitting traditional powerhouse programs like Duke , UCLA and Kentucky against relative minnows like Saint Mary 's , Butler and Davidson . And both competitions offer the carrot of being able to impress scouts from top pro teams -- a first-round NBA pick can expect to earn anywhere from $ 755,000 to $ 5.75 million . Not bad for a graduate . Last year 's tournament reached 102 million viewers , while almost 740,000 fans attended the 36 sessions . "  When you go to college , maybe your number one goal before you graduate is you want to be able to play in the NCAA tournament , " says Bryce Drew , head coach and former player at Valparaiso University in Indiana  28-5 , Horizon League champions  . "  It 's the biggest stage for college basketball , and it 's one of the biggest national events in all of America . " Drew knows just how big an impact that high-profile stage can have on aspiring professionals from beyond the major college ranks . His last-second shot for Valparaiso to beat the University of Mississippi in the first round of the 1998 tournament is one of the most replayed moments in March Madness history . How it works : Selection Sunday  March 15 A 10-member panel determines seedings for the 68 teams that make the knockout tournament First Four  March 17-18 A format started in 2011 , 8 teams compete to qualify in the main draw Second round  March 19-20 64 teams split into 4 regions : Midwest , West , South and East # 1 plays # 16 in each group Third round  March 21-22 Down to 32 teams Regional semifinals  March 26-27 Known as the "  Sweet Sixteen " Regional finals  March 28-29 The "  Elite Eight " National semifinals  April 4 The "  Final Four " is played at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis ; minimum capacity 70,000 Championship Game  April 6 One of the most-watched events in U.S. sport "  I had always dreamed of winning the game in the NCAA tournament  and  always dreamed of making the last-second shot . For God to bless  me  with both of things at one time is something that I 'll always cherish and remember , " Drew says . His father , Homer Drew , was Valparaiso 's coach at the time , and his brother Scott  now men 's basketball coach at Baylor University  was an assistant , completing the Hollywood scenario . "  I do n't think any of us realized that they would show that replay the next year , and even the next year , and the next year . We were just so happy in the moment and never thought that we 'd be able to talk about it over a decade later , " he says . Showing the highlight is virtually a prerequisite whenever Drew coaches a nationally televised game , and is sure to come up next week when his Crusaders play in the "  Big Dance "  one more nickname for the tournament . Drew was a senior nearing graduation at the time . Although he had heard about professional scouts attending his games , being drafted by an NBA team was still considered a longshot . After all , the last time a Valparaiso graduate dribbled a basketball in the NBA was in 1956 . But that was before "  The Shot . " Although Drew says private workouts for pro teams solidified his spot as the first Valparaiso player to be drafted in the NBA 's first round  as the 16th pick ,  he confesses that tournament attention is likely what got his foot in the door . "  It helped me get my name out there , because they got to see me play against a different type of athlete in the NCAA tournament on a different stage , " he says . Observing athletes during March Madness -- when competition is at its highest level -- is the best way to gauge if they will succeed as pros , according to one player representative . "  It definitely helps an agent to learn how a player will perform under a national stage , " says Jared Karnes , co-founder of A3 Athletics agency in Knoxville , Tennessee . "  If they want to play in the NBA , they are going to be expected to play under a tremendous amount of pressure and attention . " Michael Beasley , the second overall selection in the 2008 NBA draft , is one of Karnes ' clients who has failed to live up to that pressure so far . Now 26 , he recently found his way back to the NBA with the Miami Heat after a spell in China . Karnes , a former player himself at little-known Belmont University who "  had the unfortunate assignment of having to guard Bryce Drew , " says he enjoys recruiting clients from smaller programs because they lack the air of entitlement that can weigh on household names . "  A lot of times they 've had to work their way into the spotlight , and so they develop a hard work ethic , " he says . "  They really have an appreciation about what 's happened to them ; the more you can identify a talent with a level of high character , as an agent you 've just found a terrific prospect . " Among the most successful small-program players in the NBA is former Davidson standout Stephen Curry -- the current MVP frontrunner with the Golden State Warriors . Norris Cole , who played at Cleveland State and won two championships with the Miami Heat , and Gordon Hayward , a starting forward for the Utah Jazz , have also made their mark . Cole strikes a particular chord with Drew since they both came out of the unheralded Horizon League , a Division One conference made up of nine Midwestern schools . It was the less glamorous side of the game that set Cole apart from other prospects . "  His defense is what helped him get drafted from our league , " says Drew , who suited up for four NBA teams in six seasons before playing in Italy and Spain . "  A lot of guys can score and shoot , but when you get to the NBA , really being able to defend someone separates you . " Hayward led Butler -- a so-called "  mid-major " program that exited the Horizon League two years ago -- all the way to the 2010 National Championship Game against Duke , only to watch his desperation half-court shot narrowly miss at the buzzer . Although Hayward turned pro after the two-point loss , Butler 's exposure to potential recruits allowed the Bulldogs to return to the championship game the next year , and to the third round in 2013 . With an enrollment of only 4,500 students , it is the smallest school to play in the final for over 30 years . In 2013 , Butler 's 36-year-old Brad Stevens became the youngest head coach in the NBA when he signed a $ 22 million contract with the Boston Celtics . "  Even though they are so wildly successful as a team  now ,  Butler right before that was n't well known , " says Karnes , adding that it was Hayward who first put it on the map . "  You can find diamonds in these smaller schools . " Drew hopes to emulate Butler 's past success this postseason . He 's already led Valparaiso to its highest victory total and winning percentage in school history . Led by 6-foot-10-inch Jamaican senior Vashil Fernandez  five blocked shots against Green Bay in the Horizon League tournament final  and 6 ' 9 " sophomore Alec Peters , the Crusaders are hoping for a high seed when a 10-member committee meets this "  Selection Sunday " to rank the tournament 's 68 participants . Valparaiso 's nightmare scenario would be an early-round pairing with last year 's runner-up Kentucky . The Wildcats  31-0  aim to become the first team to go undefeated and win the national championship since the Indiana Hoosiers in 1976 . Drew calls coach John Calipari 's team -- powered by a front line of 7-footers Willie Cauley-Stein and Dakari Johnson , along with 6 ' 11 " Karl-Anthony Towns -- as the deepest he 's ever seen in college basketball . Six of Kentucky 's players are considered worthy of June 's NBA draft . While Karnes remains guarded about which college basketball players he 's scouting , inking deals with Kentucky players after the tournament is probably a longshot . "  You talk about these smaller schools that are out there , we 're that way as a boutique agency , " he says .	Field of 68 gives small colleges a chance to shine Bryce Drew turned tournament fame into lasting pro career Pro scouts look for diamonds in the rough
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  Oh , the humanity . " When these three words were uttered by aghast radio journalist Herbert Morrison -- as the LZ129 Hindenburg airship crashed and burst into flames in New Jersey in 1937 -- it was seen as the end of airships . The other remaining Zeppelin-class dirigible , the Graf Zeppelin II , was destroyed by the Nazi administration who felt the materials could be put to better use with more conventional aircraft . The Aeroscraft ML866 is a prototype for future cargo vehicles that could have a payload of up to 60 tonnes But , 70 years on , could the Hindenburg-style airship be experiencing a renaissance ? There are two types of craft that are commonly called "  airships . " The first is basically a balloon filled with a lighter-than-air gas , with an attached pod for the pilot and passengers , and tilting propellers to aid with descent and maneuvering . These are known as ` blimps ' and are commonly used for promotional activities , for filming sporting events and by law enforcement agencies for surveillance . But their limited payload make them unsuitable for other purposes . The other type of airship is the dirigible . Like a blimp , a dirigible airship is filled with lighter-than-air gas but it has an internal skeleton . This greater rigidity allows dirigible airships to carry larger payloads than blimps . See pictures of airships through the ages . " While the Hindenburg crash dented public confidence in the dirigible airship concept , the principal cause of the disaster was n't bad design but propaganda . The Germans were desperate to show off their technical achievement . But the United States , the world 's primary supplier of the inert gas helium  which was used to inflate and lift the airships  , had imposed a military embargo on the gas . So the Hindenburg was filled with the massively explosive gas , hydrogen . And it exploded . Massively . In recent years the concept of the dirigible airship has been reevaluated because of the environmental need to find lower-carbon methods of freight transportation ; and the military and humanitarian need to deliver supplies to remote locations not served by airports . One failed attempt to resuscitate the airship content came from the German company Cargolifter AG in the mid 1990s . It planned a large airship , the CL160 , to be used as a transporter for large and heavy loads . A giant hangar , one of the world 's largest structures , was built in Brand , near Berlin in Germany , for storage and manufacture of these giant craft . But Cargolifter became insolvent in 2002 . The hangar was sold for a fraction of its construction cost and now houses an indoor water park . In 2005 the Aeros corporation of Montebello , CA . resurrected the airship concept . Responding to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency  DARPA  's "  Walrus " program the company was given a $ 3.2 million grant to develop : "  a very large airlift vehicle concept designed to control lift in all stages of air or ground operations including the ability to off-load payload without taking on-board ballast other than surrounding air . " What distinguishes a "  Walrus " craft from a Hindenberg-style airship is that it would not be lighter than air . Rather it would generate lift from a combination of aerodynamics , propellors and gas buoyancy . This would allow for a quicker descent without the expulsion of lift gas , for instance . DARPA terminated the Walrus program but Aeros is continuing to develop the technology with a view to creating an enormous civil airship utilizing a glass-fiber and carbon-fibre semi-monocoque envelope structure . The planned Aeroscraft ML866 could be the next generation of corporate transportation . With more than 465 square meters  5000 square feet  of interior floor space , the ML866 's interior could house a floating boardroom or an opulent flying home . Because it would be flying at a lower altitude than a passenger jet  6,000 to 12,000 feet , as opposed to 25,000 to 35,000 feet  the cabin would not be pressurized . The technological legacy of the Walrus program is the COSH  control of structural heaviness  system . By compressing and decompressing stored helium , the aircraft can become lighter for take-off and heavier for landing . If Aeros secure funding to develop the ML866 , it would be offered with a choice of turboprop engines  for either greater speed or heavier payload  . But could large airships supplement the role of large passenger aircraft ? Flight International 's technical reporter Rob Coppinger is skeptical : "  Whether it is cargo , corporate or mass transpiration I think the issues with airships are ; can -LSB- airships -RSB- carry enough people/cargo between two popular destinations and do it fast enough to carry a sufficient volume of cargo/people to generate enough revenue to pay for the development , certification and running costs ? "  I think if it were easy to financially justify , they would exist already . " Coppinger concedes , however , that airships could have potential military applications . Aeros plans to begin testing a non-rigid airship , the Aeros 40D , in 2008 to demonstrate the helium compression and decompression system . Production of a prototype Aeroscraft ML866 has begun , with a test flight planned for 2010 . ... . Are dirigibles just a load of hot air ? Would you travel by airship ? Share your views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum .	Airship concept all-but abandoned after 1937 's Hindenburg disaster New-style airships will be heavier-than-air and use helium , not hydrogen Aeros hopes to have a prototype of its "  floating boardroom " flying in 2010
CNN  -- More people have walked on the moon than have won the fabled Triple Crown of U.S. horse racing . But the scores could soon be level . The last lunar landing was in 1972 , and it is 36 years since teenager Steve Cauthen became just the 11th jockey to complete the triumvirate of American Classics , on board Affirmed . On Saturday , California Chrome will attempt put his name in the record books at the Belmont Stakes amid a "  will he , wo n't he " debate that 's gripped the U.S. in recent weeks . "  There 's the time factor , so many big races in so little time , " the horse 's jockey Victor Espinoza told CNN . "  Very few horses go in all three races and there are a lot of good horses in the field on Saturday that will be fresher . That 's why it 's so , so tough . " It might be a tough ask , but California Chrome is the evens favorite for victory in front of an expected crowd of 100,000 people over a mile and a half , seeking to add to his victories in the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes . The Triple Crown races take place over the space of just five weeks in an era when thoroughbreds tend to run no more than once a month . After his Preakness success , California Chrome became front page news after New York racing officials decided to allow the three-year-old to wear a breathing strip at Belmont Park . His owners might not have allowed him to race without a strip , which the manufacturer says allows horses to breathe more freely and reduces the risk of bleeding in the lungs during heavy exertion . California Chrome has worn the strips during his last six wins . "  We 've grown to train horses to run less frequently , " says Dr. Larry Bramlage , a leading equine vet in the U.S. who will also cover the Belmont Stakes as a television pundit . "  It 's not so much these three races in five weeks but the series of races . You need a certain number of points to qualify for the Kentucky Derby , so that means it 's a sequence of six or seven races for California Chrome . "  It 's like Olympic athletes -- you ca n't peak all season , though it 's doable . " History supports Bramlage 's argument . Five horses have had the opportunity to complete the treble in the past 12 years , and all have come up short . Mexican jockey Espinoza , who is unbeaten on board California Chrome , was one of those five . In 2002 , he was riding War Emblem only for his mount to stumble out of the stalls , virtually unseating Espinoza and effectively eradicating his race chances before the Belmont Stakes -- known as "  the test of a champion " -- had barely begun . "  Things have to be perfect or very nearly perfect for it to happen , " says Espinoza , who this week has pitched at the Yankees Stadium , rang the bell at the New York Stock Exchange and appeared on the David Letterman Show as the interest California Chrome 's feats has spiraled . "  There are so many things against you . It 's a different distance to the previous two races -- a mile and a half -- but he 's run that , and it 's a different surface . " Like in the Derby and the Preakness , the surface is dirt but Belmont Park is known as "  The Big Sandy " -- a nod to its sandier terrain , necessitated by the region 's combination of greater rainfall and higher humidity . But the distance and surface are not the only obstacles in the way of the trifecta wannabe . The dangers in the field lie with : Tonalist , winner of the Peter Pan Stakes -- effectively the Belmont trial ; Preakness runner-up Ride on Curlin ; and Commanding Curve , apparently refreshed after his last race , finishing second in the Kentucky Derby . "  I spoke to a vet that takes care of California Chrome and he said he could n't have a better personality for what he 's trying to do , " says Bramlage . "  He 's just like a kid at a carnival . Physically he 's in great shape . If he does his best performance , I do n't think there 's a horse that can go with him in the race . "  I feel good about it . I think he 'll do it . " Espinoza can vividly remember his first triple attempt in 2002 , the buildup -- "  which was no way as crazy as this time " -- and the butterflies in his stomach as he entered the stalls . "  For me , 2002 is still a tough one , " he says . "  I never thought I 'd get a second chance and I 'm very lucky to get one . "  He slipped and it was so sharp my reaction was just to avoid hitting the ground . Right then , the chance was gone and the race was only just beginning . "  But that 's the Triple Crown . Over three races so many different things can happen . That was unlucky and you need luck . " The 11th of 12 children , Espinoza had an occasionally tumultuous upbringing , moving to the sprawling , often unsafe metropolis of Mexico City when he was eight . "  We had fun as children but Mexico City was crazy and dangerous , " he recalls . "  I know that every day somebody got shot , people that I know as well . "  But nothing ever happened to my family . Maybe we were just very lucky . I do n't know . " California Chrome has gripped American hearts , effectively bought and bred for $ 10,000 by two owner novices , trained by a septuagenarian and ridden by a jockey who thought his best days had gone . "  California Chrome has a great chance -- he 's improved a lot with each race , " says Espinoza . "  War Emblem had to run from the front -- that was his way . But this one 's different -- he wins from everywhere . " At the Kentucky Derby , Espinoza chose to slot him into third position , only moving into the lead on the final turn before pulling out a five-length victory . At the earlier Santa Anita Derby , he found himself boxed in by two horses but broke clear once again for the win . One factor against Espinoza in 2002 , and again this year , is his record at Belmont . He has won just two of his 69 races there . "  That 's because most rides there are for me trying out other horses with the focus on one big race , " the 42-year-old says . "  I do n't care if I lose every race as long as I win this one . "	California Chrome is bidding to become the first horse in 36 years to win the Triple Crown Only 11 horses in history have done it and five have come up short in the last 12 years Victor Espinoza is on board California Chrome and explains how a previous 2002 bid failed Achieving the feat is likened to winning all four tennis grand slams in a solitary season
CNN  -- Italian authorities on Thursday rescued more than 800 migrants from four boats trying to reach the island of Lampedusa , the Italian navy said . As the closest Italian island to Africa , Lampedusa , in the Mediterranean Sea , is a frequent destination for refugees seeking to enter European Union countries , and shipwrecks off its shores are common . Navy and air force helicopters spotted the four boats , which "  appeared in precarious floating conditions and overcrowded , " the navy said in a statement . The migrants were being transferred to a Navy ship and will be brought to the port of Augusta in Sicily . They were from Africa and countries such as Egypt , Pakistan and Iraq . A day earlier , more than 200 migrants were rescued from the sea and also taken to the port of Augusta . More than 300 African migrants died in October after their ship sank off the island 's shores . Days later , another 34 people died when their boat capsized .	More than 800 migrants have been rescued south of Lampedusa The migrants were in four boats trying to reach the Italian island 200 others were rescued the day before
CNN  -- Running for president is an expensive endeavor , but the cost is n't measured in dollars alone . Sure , we can count the $ 4 million in super PAC dollars Mitt Romney 's allies just spent to tear down his Iowa opponents with negative ads . Indeed , Romney and his allies spent nearly $ 150 for every caucus vote he received in his eight-vote victory . But you ca n't put a price tag on the principles he sold out to the Tea Party in order to buy its extremists ' support . Romney , who , Newt Gingrich likes to say , once ran to the left of Sen. Ted Kennedy , has scrambled in the past year to get to the right of Rick Perry , Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum . The same career politician who less than a decade ago told Massachusetts voters "  my views are progressive " told South Carolinians last month , "  I line up pretty darn well with Tea Partiers . " In the same breath Romney called himself "  the ideal candidate " of the right wing . As Romney now takes his dangerous promises and disregard for the middle class to New Hampshire on Tuesday , then South Carolina and beyond along the primary campaign trail -- and , he hopes , into the general election -- he 's weighed down by heavy baggage . He belittled President Obama 's $ 1,000 tax cut for typical middle-class families , deriding it as a "  little Band-Aid . " But Romney 's own plan would give that same family just $ 54 , savings even he admits is "  not a huge tax cut . " He doubled down on his misguided idea to "  let Detroit go bankrupt , " even though the president 's rescue of the auto industry saved more than 1.4 million American jobs up and down the supply chain , leading to a renaissance in the American car industry . Romney has also said he 'd let the foreclosure process "  hit the bottom . " Presumably this is so investors can swing in and make a quick buck . Drawing on his lucrative business experience of firing workers , off-shoring jobs , closing plants and bankrupting companies , Romney has a plan for the speculators , but not the families who stand to lose their homes . He promised to veto the DREAM Act and deny young illegal immigrants the chance to earn a path to citizenship if they give back to the only country they 've ever known by serving in the military or going to college . He backed the right-wing Republican budget that would eventually end Medicare as we know it , gut Social Security and slash funding for higher education . He criticized the president for ending the war in Iraq , saying he would rather leave 30,000 troops on the ground with no clear mission or plan for withdrawal . And the icing on the Tea Party cake ? He has repackaged the same policies that caused the financial crisis -- mistakes like making the middle class pay for tax breaks for the wealthy and big corporations and letting Wall Street write its own rules so big bankers can make millions while gambling with everyone else 's economic security . These Tea Party-coddling promises may have won Romney a caucus , but he 'll find they come at a cost -- to his own candidacy and , even more distressingly , to us . To you and me , a Romney presidency would mean four years of out-of-control college and healthcare costs . It would mean less responsibility for everyone to do their fair share , but more families losing their jobs and their homes . But that 's the price Romney is willing to pay for the support of the far right . Once the primary is over , though , Romney will have to move back to the middle . Independent voters are n't going to like the lengths to which Romney has married himself to the Republican Party 's extremist elements . The American people ca n't afford to give him a pass . Romney said he wants to be the Tea Party 's "  ideal candidate , " but by adopting the principles of a group that does n't speak for mainstream Republicans -- let alone the majority of the Americans he hopes to lead -- he could be falling in with the wrong crowd at the expense of the middle class . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Romney sells out history of moderate principles to get Tea Party support She says his long record of positions should give both Tea Party and middle class pause She says his policy plan favors rich , would end Medicare as we know it Brazile : Romney will have to tack back to middle after primaries
CNN  -- Last weekend 's setback is looking like a mere blip for Juventus . Denied a 50th successive league match undefeated , the Italian champions bounced back with a 4-0 romp against Nordsjaelland in European competition and on Saturday crushed Pescara 6-1 to move four points clear in Serie A. Inter Milan had closed the gap to one with that 3-1 win seven days ago , but the pressure is back on for Sunday 's trip to mid-table Atalanta . Juve striker Fabio Quagliarella followed up his midweek goal against the Danish side with a hat-trick , while Sebastian Giovinco was also again on target . Arturo Vidal , who scored against both Inter and Nordsjaelland , opened proceedings to score for his fourth successive match while Kwadwo Asamoah netted an overhead kick in a first half that featured six goals -- one of them to Pescara 's Emmanuel Cascione . In Saturday 's other Serie A match , Catania moved up to seventh after a 0-0 draw at 10th-placed Cagliari . Bayern Munich stayed seven points clear in the German Bundesliga following Saturday 's 2-0 win at home to third-placed Eintracht Frankfurt . France star Franck Ribery netted the opener just before halftime and Austria midfielder David Alaba added a penalty as the Bavarian side followed up the midweek Champions League thrashing of Lille . Schalke stayed second after a 2-1 win over Werder Bremen , while two-time defending champions Borussia Dortmund won 3-1 at Augsburg to remain fourth as Poland striker Robert Lewandowski netted twice . In Spain , Malaga missed the chance to move above third-placed Real Madrid , losing 2-1 at home to Real Sociedad . The Andalucian side qualified for the last 16 of the Champions league in midweek , but twice went behind against a team that had been hovering above the relegation zone before Saturday 's game . Real Zaragoza beat Deportivo La Coruna 5-3 , sealed by two late goals from Portugal forward Helder Postiga , to leave the visitors third from bottom . Celta Vigo remained above Deportivo on goal difference alone after a 3-2 defeat at Rayo Vallecano that pushed the home side up to seventh . Osasuna stayed at the foot of the table despite winning 3-0 at second-bottom Espanyol . Spanish leaders Barcelona travel to Mallorca on Sunday , while Real Madrid visit levante and second-placed city rivals Atletico host Getafe .	Fabio Quagliarella scores hat-trick as Juventus move four points clear in Italy Serie A champions continue to bounce back from last weekend 's league loss Bayern Munich stay seven points clear in Germany with win over Eintracht Frankfurt Malaga miss chance to move into third place in Spain 's La Liga
Tokyo  CNN  -- Masao Yoshida , the man in charge of Japan 's stricken nuclear plant in the wake of the catastrophic March 2011 earthquake and tsunami , has died of cancer in a Tokyo hospital aged 58 . Yoshida led the "  Fukushima 50 , " the group of men who risked their lives to contain the fallout from the world 's worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl . He was diagnosed with esophageal cancer , which affects the throat , in late 2011 months after the tsunami struck , Tokyo Electric Power Co  TEPCO  , the operator of the nuclear facility , said . The company added it was unlikely his cancer was a result of radiation exposure . They said that the condition usually takes five to 10 years to develop if radiation is to blame . "  Mr. Yoshida united staff and courageously handled the accident , " said Naomi Hirose , TEPCO 's chief executive . Yoshida was at the Fukushima nuclear complex when the tsunami engulfed the cooling system and saw three reactors go into meltdown . In an interview in November 2011 , he said he thought several times that he would die . Defying orders from his bosses , Yoshida made the decision to pump seawater into the No. 1 reactor in a move that may have averted a catastrophic nuclear explosion . Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Tuesday that Yoshida "  made a great effort in the middle of the accident . I wish his soul will rest in peace . " The authorities ' handling of the nuclear disaster was widely criticized , with an independent investigation calling it a "  man-made disaster " that unfolded as a result of collusion between TEPCO , regulators and the government . The Fukushima plant remains hazardous more than two years after the earthquake and tsunami . On Tuesday , TEPCO reported an increase in radiation levels at the plant after a ground water sample collected from an observation well located close to the ocean was found to be contaminated with a radioactive material . TEPCO said it had started using cement to seal the ground facing the ocean to prevent the contaminated water from reaching the sea . People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo , writing by journalist Katie Hunt in Hong Kong	The manager of Japan 's Fukushima nuclear plant dies of cancer Masao Yoshida was hailed for containing the world 's worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl His cancer was thought to be unrelated to radiation exposure
CNN  -- Russell Armstrong complained before his apparent suicide that his estranged wife 's reality show was going to "  crucify " him in its upcoming season , his mother said Wednesday . John Ann Hotchkiss said Armstrong and his wife Taylor , a cast member on Bravo 's "  The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills , " had been happy before they agreed to join the reality show . Once it aired , "  I watched it slowly destroy their marriage , " she told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell . " "  Before the new season even started , before he took his life , he said , ` Mom , they 're just going to crucify me this season , ' " Hotchkiss said . "  He said , ' I do n't know what to do . I 'll never survive it . ' I thought he meant businesswise or something , " Hotchkiss said . "  Perhaps there was a double meaning there . I do n't know . " Russell Armstrong was found dead at a home in the hills above the Los Angeles suburb of Bel Air on Monday , police said . His wife had filed for divorce in July , telling People magazine that she was verbally and physically abused during their nearly six-year marriage . Hotchkiss said her son was upset by the criticism of other cast members and complained that "  All the network cares about are ratings . " "  I know it hurt him deeply , because he would talk to me about it -- never criticizing Taylor , of course , " she said . "  I know it brought him down . " Bravo did not respond to requests for comment Wednesday . In a statement posted on the network 's website , Executive Vice President Andy Cohen said the network was "  still trying to process yesterday 's very sad news " and trying to figure out what to do with the upcoming season of the show , which had been set to premiere September 5 . Armstrong 's lawyer , Ronald Richards , said the allegations of verbal and physical abuse stemmed from "  drunk arguments " between the couple . Meanwhile , Armstrong was financially drained , had been defending himself against a multimillion-dollar lawsuit and his credit cards had been suspended -- all pressures Richards said were made worse by the show . "  He takes a lot of time , doing a lot of events for the show , and he starts supporting an increasingly more expensive lifestyle , " Richards told HLN . "  So he ends up being in a very vulnerable position financially , because he 's totally distracted now , supporting the show . And then these constant press reports about negative things about him hurt his capital business . " Richards said the couple should be edited out of the upcoming show , "  and he should rest in peace . " Watch ISSUES with Jane Velez-Mitchell Monday through Sunday at 7pm ET on HLN . For the latest from ISSUES click here .	Russell Armstrong 's mother says show "  slowly destroy " her son 's marriage Armstrong appears to have hanged himself Monday , police say He and reality show cast member Taylor Armstrong were divorcing
CNN  -- A double-deck commercial bus overturned on Interstate 65 south of Indianapolis early Tuesday , injuring at least 26 people and temporarily stopping traffic on the northbound lanes , Indiana State Police said . The bus , operated by interstate carrier Megabus , was headed from Atlanta to Chicago when the driver attempted to avoid a vehicle involved in a previous accident in rainy conditions in Greenwood , about 12 miles southeast of downtown Indianapolis . A vehicle then struck the bus , causing the bus driver to lose control , and the bus came to rest on its side , state police Sgt. Shawn O'Keefe said . At least six people were seriously injured , and at least 20 others had less serious injuries , O'Keefe said . The crash happened at about 4:30 a.m. , said Sean Hughes , corporate affairs associate director for Coach USA North America , which operates Megabus . "  We understand that a number of passengers who were on board the coach at the time have been taken to hospital . Our first thoughts and best wishes are with everyone involved , " Hughes said . "  We will providing assistance and support for all of our customers involved in this incident . "	Police : At least six people suffered serious injuries The bus was headed from Atlanta to Chicago when it crashed south of Indianapolis Police : Bus driver was trying to avoid previous accident
CNN  -- Ventures lead guitarist Bob Bogle , whose fretwork on such instrumental hits such as "  Walk -- Do n't Run " and "  Hawaii Five-O " influenced countless bands , died Sunday in Vancouver , Washington . Bob Bogle  second from left  co-founded the Ventures , the highly influential instrumental band . He was 75 . The cause was non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , according to Don Wilson , who co-founded the Ventures with Bogle in the 1950s . "  He had a special sound that nobody could ever re-create . He was totally unique as a guitar player , " Wilson told CNNRadio . Wilson and Bogle learned how to play guitar while working as construction workers in the 1950s in their native Tacoma , Washington . The pair formed the Ventures in 1958 . "  We had a lot of time on our hands after work , so we 'd get together and play , " Wilson recalled . "  A year and a half later , we had a number two hit called ` Walk -- Do n't Run . ' " The group first heard the song on a Chet Atkins record . Several other hits followed , including "  Perfidia , " "  Walk Do n't Run ' 64 " and "  Diamond Head . " The group took the theme of the TV show "  Hawaii Five-O " into the Top Ten in 1969 and later supplied background music for the series . But the band , which played almost solely instrumentals , was perhaps more influential for its albums . Thirty-eight of the band 's long-players hit Billboard 's Top 200 chart , including albums that covered country songs , dance tunes and Christmas melodies . One of the band 's albums was titled "  Play Guitar with the Ventures , " and countless did . "  I ca n't think of a better contribution for instrumental music on his style than ` Walk -- Do n't Run , ' " Wilson said . "  A lot of good would-be guitar players and garage bands would go out and buy guitars just to learn that song . " The Ventures were voted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2008 . At the induction ceremony , Creedence Clearwater Revival 's John Fogerty praised the group : "  It 's enough to say , the Ventures are the most popular instrumental band of all time , " he said . Bogle fought his illness with dignity , Wilson said . "  His doctors gave him 10 years to live , and he lived 12 . The last two years were really tough . At least he lived to know the Ventures had been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . " Bogle is survived by his wife , Yumi . CNNRadio 's Ninette Sosa and Matt Cherry contributed to this story .	Bob Bogle , Ventures ' lead guitarist , dead at 75 Ventures and Bogle influenced countless bands with guitar sound Hits included "  Walk -- Do n't Run , " "  Hawaii Five-O "
CNN  Ohio is changing the drugs used in lethal injections , a move that will delay at least one execution scheduled for next month , the Ohio Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation said Thursday . The state will stop using the two-drug regimen of midazolam and hydromorphone , the department said in a press release . The drug combination was last used in January 2014 on convicted murderer Dennis McGuire . Witnesses said he convulsed and gasped about 10 minutes before he died . The McGuire execution was closely watched because midazolam , a sedative , and hydromorphone , a painkiller , had never been used in a U.S. execution . Ohio , like many states , was forced to find new execution drugs after European-based manufacturers banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions -- among them , Danish-based Lundbeck , which manufactures pentobarbital . Ohio will add thiopental sodium , a drug the state used for lethal injections from 1999-2011 , the department said . Thiopental sodium and pentobarbital will be the only drugs used . JoEllen Smith , spokesman for the corrections department , confirmed that Ohio has 40 vials of midazolam set to expire April 1 . The release said the the February 11 execution of Ronald Phillips , and possibly others , will be postponed while Ohio secures a supply of pentobarbital and thiopental sodium . CNN is trying to reach Ohio officials for details about their decision . McGuire was convicted in 1994 of the rape and murder of 22-year-old Joy Stewart , who was seven months pregnant . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Ohio will stop using midazolam and hydromorphone and start using thiopental sodium The drugs were used in January 2014 on an inmate who gasped and convulsed before death
Washington  CNN  The Senate cleared its first procedural hurdle in an effort to green-light the Keystone XL pipeline on Monday -- but the project 's advocates will still need a few more votes if they are to overcome President Barack Obama 's expected veto . The Senate voted 63 to 32 to take up the bill , which would end the State Department 's six-year review of the 1,179-mile Canada-to-Texas pipeline and authorize its construction . White House threatens vetoes on eve of meeting with lawmakers Ten Democrats and one independent joined all of the chamber 's Republicans in backing the bill -- suggesting there are enough votes to approve it , a major milestone for a bill that had cleared the House but stalled in the Senate in previous years . Its passage is a goal for new Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , who has made it the first bill the now Republican-controlled chamber has taken up . But the pipeline 's supporters will need 67 votes -- a two-thirds majority -- to override an Obama veto . The President has said he would like the decision left in the hands of the executive branch , rather than handed over to Congress . The push to build the pipeline got a boost Friday when the Nebraska Supreme Court OK ` ed its route through the state , removing a legal case that the Obama administration had said it wanted to see play out before issuing a decision . The Senate is likely to consider amendments to the bill this week and next week , with a final vote coming sometime around Obama 's State of the Union speech . The Keystone bill 's sponsor , Sen. John Hoeven , R-North Dakota , told "  Fox News Sunday " this weekend that he hopes the amendment process will attract more Democratic supporters to the bill . "  Right now we 've got about 63 -LSB- votes -RSB- , " Hoeven said . "  But we 're going to the floor with an open amendment process , trying to foster more bipartisanship ... so that we can pass this measure and other measures and either override the veto or attach the bill to other legislation that will get 67 votes . " One Democrat said on the program that he does n't expect that to happen . Sen. Chris Coons of Delaware said , "  It 's clear that there will not be a veto override . "	The Senate voted 63-32 on Monday to advance a bill that authorizes construction of the Keystone XL pipeline That 's not enough votes to override President Barack Obama 's expected veto of the bill The Senate will consider amendments that supporters hope will attract more Democrats in the coming weeks
CNN  -- Indonesia 's president , Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , has apologized to Singapore and Malaysia for the hazardous air pollution caused by smoke from forest fires raging in his country . Jakarta has sent planes , helicopters and an extra 3,000 personnel to fight the fires , which have been blamed on the clearing of land for palm oil plantations "  For this incident , I , as President of Indonesia , would like to apologize to Singapore and Malaysia and ask for their understanding . Indonesia did not want this to happen and we are trying to address this problem responsibly , " he told a news conference on Monday evening . Schools in many areas of Malaysia were closed on Monday and a state of emergency was declared in two southern regions after the country 's air pollution scale spiked to hazardous levels on Sunday morning , Bernama , Malaysia 's state news agency reported . The country 's air pollution scale exceeded 700 in two areas of Johor state . According to the index , a reading above 300 is considered hazardous . "  The schools are ordered to be closed as a precautionary measure since the bad air quality will affect the health of students , " Second Education Minister Datuk Seri Idris Jusoh said . Classes were back to normal for most schools on Tuesday as the air quality improved . Shifting winds also allowed Singapore , which has been enveloped in smog for most of last week , to breathe easier . The city 's air pollution index stood at 52 at 11 a.m. local time on Monday , falling after the wind direction changed to southerly from southwesterly on Sunday . Last week , the index hit its highest levels since 1997 , with a reading of 371 . The city 's National Environment Agency said air quality becomes "  very unhealthy " when the index passes 200 . Fires have raged in several spots on the island of Sumatra for more than a week , spreading acrid smoke to Singapore and Malaysia . Authorities have been using three helicopters to "  water bomb " the flames and in the past four days 7,000 liters of water have been dumped on the areas hit by the fires . A Cassa aircraft is also being used to seed clouds in attempt to create rain . On Tuesday , Jakarta sent 3,000 firefighters , military and police personnel to reinforce the 2,000 already working to extinguish the fires in Sumatra , where 265 locations have been identified as hotspots . "  I have given instructions to mobilize the power we have , the resources we have including funding . There should be no obstacles in disbursing these funds , " President Yudhoyono said . According to the US-based World Resources Institute , most of the fires are on land owned or managed by timber companies and palm oil plantation owners . Last week , it released a list of 17 timber companies and 15 palm oil plantation operators , including two headquartered in Singapore . The chief of Indonesia 's National Disaster Agency , Syamsul Maarif has said that the government is investigating which companies operating in Sumatra may have caused the fires . Singapore said it would take legal action against local companies found to be involved and pressed Indonesia to provide evidence , the New Straits Times reported . "  We will offer no succor or refuge if the action of the companies have indeed been illegal in Indonesia and impacted on Singapore , " Foreign Minister K. Shanmugam said . The minister added that he would raise the issue at the upcoming meeting of foreign ministers from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  . Authorities in Singapore are anxious to avoid a repeat of the 1997 Southeast Asian haze , which the government estimates cost $ 9 billion in health care costs and disrupted air travel and business . Journalist Katie Hunt wrote and reported from Hong Kong , CNN 's Kathy Quiano reported from Jakarta	NEW : Indonesia 's president apologizes to Singapore and Malaysia over smog Malaysia closes schools in many parts of the country because of haze State of emergency declared in two southern areas after pollution index spikes Singapore breathes easier as change in wind direction disperses smog
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- French President Francois Hollande mourned the deaths of four French soldiers and an Afghan interpreter killed in a suicide bombing and said his plan to withdraw combat forces by year 's end will start next month . The bombing occurred in Kapisa province , where most of the 3,300 French troops have been operating in Afghanistan . Hollande said five people were also injured in the attack . It brings the number of French fatalities in the Afghan war to 87 . "  I wish to express my gratitude and that of the whole nation to our soldiers . I salute their dedication and courage . I know the strength of character of our troops in Afghanistan , " Hollande said . "  I offer families the message of solidarity and comfort of the French people . A national tribute will be paid to the victims and the wounded will be repatriated as soon as possible . A plane has already left and will ensure them back as soon as possible . " French troops deployed under the NATO-led command have been operating in Kapisa province for years . Hollande , who recently won the presidential election , campaigned for an accelerated withdrawal of combat forces and called for their removal from the field by the end of the year . Trainers will remain in the country longer . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force reported the deaths of four service members in an attack , but deferred identification of the nationalities to the troops ' home countries . After he took office last month , Hollande visited French troops in the same region where the soldiers died . He visited the Nijrab forward operating base in the northeastern province of Kapisa and paid tribute to those soldiers killed in the line of duty . The Afghan Interior Ministry said the bombing took place in the Nijrab district 's Pul-i-Khwaja bazaar area . Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqqi said the bomber was a man who had been dressed in a burqa , the head-to-toe garment Muslim women in Afghanistan wear to cover their bodies in public . The Taliban claimed responsibility , saying the man had explosives strapped to his body . The incident is under investigation , and Hollande said he asked Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian and the army chief of staff to go to Afghanistan on Sunday and "  mark the nation 's support to our forces . " "  The decision that I made to accelerate the withdrawal of French combat forces from Afghanistan will begin in July . It will be implemented and completed by the end of 2012 . Until then , everything must be done for our troops meet our obligations with the highest level of security and the utmost vigilance . I take this commitment and I will be the guarantor of the transaction . " In a separate incident , ISAF reported the death of a service member after a roadside bombing in eastern Afghanistan . It did not list the province and the nationality of the soldier . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek in Kabul and Joe Sterling in Atlanta contributed to this report	NEW : French president says four soldiers , interpreter killed Five soldiers and three civilians were wounded in Kapisa province France is planning to withdraw its combat troops by year 's end Another ISAF service member died in a separate incident
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A distraught , sobbing Afghan Taliban member begged the court for mercy , but got none as an unmoved federal judge here Monday handed down maximum life sentences for convictions on drug trafficking and narco-terrorism charges . A guard watches over a pile of burning drugs in Kabul , Afghanistan , on June 25 , 2008 . Khan Mohammed , 38 , of Nangarhar Province became the first person convicted and sentenced in the United States under a 2006 law that increased the penalty for a defendant found to be involved with terrorism and distributing illegal drugs . Mohammed , who had been extradited from Afghanistan , was convicted by a jury in May of plotting a rocket attack on U.S. military forces and Afghan civilians at Jalalabad Airfield . He also was found guilty of distributing between $ 1 million and $ 3 million worth of heroin into the United States "  to kill Americans as part of a jihad . " Mohammed 's court-appointed lawyer , conceding that "  what he did was wrong , " urged U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly to be lenient and sentence his client to only 20 years in prison . Then the full-bearded Mohammed , dressed in an orange jailhouse jumpsuit , addressed the judge . With tears streaming down his face , and choking back his words , he begged for only one or two years . "  I have little children and a woman . They depend on me , " Mohammed began . "  I 'm so worried about them . " His lengthy emotional appeal went on to include his reason for selling opium . "  In my village that 's how you have to make a living . There is no house there without opium , " he said . Justice Department prosecutor Matthew Stiglitz , however , urged the court to "  send a message of deterrence , " and warned against "  the confluence of drug trafficking and terrorism . " "  No , he 's not the Osama bin Laden of terrorism . No , he 's not the Pablo Escobar of the drug world , " Stiglitz told the judge . "  But this is where the rubber meets the road . " Bin Laden is the head of al Qaeda , while Escobar , who died in 1993 , was the most powerful of Colombian drug lords . "  Afghanistan is ground zero for opium , and an almost limitless source of funds to the Taliban , " he argued . Kollar-Kotelly agreed fully with the prosecutors , and strongly admonished the Taliban defendant . "  You were convicted 99 percent by your own words , " the judge declared , as she recalled how a "  courageous " Afghan police chief wore an undercover wire to record Mohammed 's plotting . "  The fact that no one died is only because you did n't get the missiles you wanted , " she said . "  In 2006 , you celebrated the Americans ' use of the opium . It was a jihad . You knew the damage it could cause , " the judge continued . "  Because of your undiluted hatred for the United States , you might well have launched other attacks had you not been arrested . " She added , "  Terrorists stand unique among criminals . Deterrence is very important here . " Then , concluding dramatically , the judge turned directly to the defendant . "  I heard your concerns for your family but no acceptance of responsibility for your action , " the judge said . "  Defendants often express worry for their families , but if they considered the consequences of their actions beforehand , maybe they would have acted differently . "	Khan Mohammed convicted of plotting rocket attack , selling heroin Mohammed the first convicted under law increasing penalties for "  narco-terrorists " Citing his family , Mohammed cries and pleads with judge to have mercy Judge says Mohammed had "  undiluted hatred for the United States "
CNN  Actress Elizabeth Peña has died of natural causes after a brief illness , her manager told CNN . She was 55 . Peña passed away Tuesday , Gina Rugolo said in a statement . Among her many roles , Peña is known for appearing as the mother of a character played by Sofia Vergara in the ABC sitcom "  Modern Family . " She 's played on both the big and small screens during her more than three-decade career . She also tried her hand at directing , becoming only the fourth Latina member of the Director 's Guild of America when she joined , the statement said . Other career highlights include roles in "  Down and Out in Beverly Hills , " "  La Bamba " and "  Rush Hour . " Hers was the voice of the sultry Mirage in the Disney-Pixar hit "  The Incredibles . " Most recently , Peña appeared in the TV drama "  Matador . " "  I am stunned and heartbroken , just found out about the passing of my friend Elizabeth Peña . She was such a Life Force it 's hard to believe , " tweeted actor Lou Diamond Phillips , who starred in "  La Bamba . " "  Elizabeth was not only an amazing actress , she was one of the most vibrant , wonderful people I have ever known . My prayers to her family , " he said . Peña was born in Elizabeth , New Jersey , and she graduated from New York 's High School of Performing Arts in 1977 . She is survived by her mother , a sister , her husband , and two children . AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	"  I am stunned and heartbroken , " tweets actor Lou Diamond Phillips Elizabeth Peña died Tuesday of natural causes after a brief illness , her manager says She recently appeared mother of Gloria  Sofia Vergara  in "  Modern Family " She
CNN  It was a typical practice day for the Washington University of rowing team , but then danger came from beneath . The scene was Creve Coeur Lake outside of St. Louis early Friday morning . The team 's boat got near the dock , when suddenly a swarm of Asian carp emerged from the water and went on the attack , some even going into the boat . Team member Devin Patel described the moment of terror : "  The fish was flopping on my legs . It was so slippery that I could n't get a grip on it . " Patel screamed at teammate Yoni David , "  Yoni , get it off me ! " Thankfully , no rowers were injured during the ordeal , but the strong smell of fish lingered in the moments afterward . Watch iReporter Benjamin Rosenbaum 's video above .	Rowing team at Washington University attacked by flying carp Member of the team caught the attack on video
CNN  -- A power outage Thursday left more than 1.5 million people in the dark in parts of Southern California , Arizona and Mexico as authorities scrambled to figure out what happened and how to get the lights back on . Authorities said the outage occurred after a high-voltage power line between Arizona and California was tripped out of service , according to a statement released by San Diego Gas & Electric . It was not known what caused the service to be shut off , though authorities said it was not an act of terrorism . Power began to be restored by late evening Thursday , though officials warned it would take until Friday to completely restore power in portions of San Diego and Orange counties . "  Again , it 's a slow process . It 's going to take a long time to bring the power , " San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders told reporters . The mayor warned residents in one California 's most populous counties to stay off the road and limit cellular phone service , and school was cancelled Friday for thousands of students . San Diego Gas & Electric said all of its 1.4 million customers were without power . The power line break "  caused our line from AZ and from the north of our region to both trip off , " the utility posted on its Twitter account . "  Think of the system as linked by springs , when one part goes out the rest are affected , " another Twitter post from the utility said . Power outages in California stretched Thursday from San Clemente in Orange County to the state 's border with Mexico , a San Diego County spokesman told CNN . In Arizona , about 56,000 customers in Yuma lost power , Arizona Power and Supply said . Parts of Mexico 's Baja California and Sonora states were also without power , Mexican authorities said . The power outage posed no threat to the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station near San Clemente , California , authorities said . At the nuclear power plant , units "  tripped from grid disturbance " but have offsite power and were in normal shutdown mode , said Eliot Brenner , director of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission 's Office of Public Affairs . The Civil Protection Department in Baja California said authorities there were working to fix a problem at a hydroelectric plant . San Diego County activated its emergency operations center as officials tried to learn more about the blackout , county spokesman Michael Workman said . Linzi Berkowitz in Carlsbad , California , said the widespread power outage wreaked havoc during rush hour . "  The whole city is a mess and hopefully it does n't get worse , " she told CNN iReport . Power went out about 3:45 p.m. in San Diego , said Joe Pettigrew , who said he was trapped on the 10th floor of an office building . "  We do n't have air conditioning and the windows do n't open , " he said , noting that it was about 80 degrees outside . Rebecca Bloomfield of the San Diego airport authority said the airport was letting only inbound flights land . Outbound flights and security screening were halted due to the power outage . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Alta Spells , Greg Morrison and Tina Burnside and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	NEW : Mayor : "  It 's going to take a long time to bring the power back " NEW : Authorities say power will be restored by Friday San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station units in normal shutdown mode San Diego-area utility says 1.4 million customers are without power
CNN  -- Apple and Facebook made the headlines last week on the news that they are offering coverage for their female employees to freeze their eggs . Financial support for egg-freezing represents a bold step by these tech leaders , intended to support women as they manage the modern-day conflict between work and family . It is also the latest incarnation of technological optimism , a belief in quick fixes for complex social , political and cultural issues . But women and men everywhere should be suspicious of egg-freezing as a "  solution . " Egg-freezing has its history in a century of experiments applying cold to reproductive cells to maximize productivity . Cattle breeders in the mid-1900s began freezing bull semen so they could impregnate many cows all at once by the same bull . In this way they could standardize and control conception to generate the highest profits . The techniques developed in agriculture traveled to fertility clinics , and today a similar logic prevails in human sperm banks . As commentators have been quick to point out , human egg-freezing is a new technology that carries bodily risk and high rates of failure . To stockpile eggs in the freezer , women self-inject powerful hormones for several weeks before undergoing outpatient surgery . In the short term , women face risks from the drugs and egg retrieval procedure . As for the long term , there are zero longitudinal studies on the health effects of exposing women 's bodies to fertility medications . And because of high failure rates , even if women go through all this trouble , fewer than 3 in 10 will end up with a baby . But even if the technology were perfect , the proposal to help women put motherhood on ice so they can focus on their jobs is shortsighted . Historically , the relationship between technology and women 's work has been complicated . For example , as Ruth Schwartz Cowan argued in the classic "  More Work for Mother , " the introduction of household technologies like the vacuum cleaner added to women 's workload by raising standards of cleanliness to new heights . Egg-freezing is a technological response to a situation that results from an earlier pharmaceutical fix for work-life balance : the birth control pill . As the historian Elaine Tyler May documents , women used the pill to delay childbearing and enter the workforce . But when women initiate families later in life , they can have difficulty conceiving . The pill helped contribute to the current situation in which birth control and children are seen as a woman 's choice and responsibility -- and men , employers and governments need not adapt . New corporate policies supporting egg-freezing replicate this problem . Indeed , the structural organization of work has proved more inflexible than women 's ovaries . At the beginning of the Industrial Revolution , when wage labor was being regularized , workers were compelled  sometimes via force and sometimes via incentives  to show up on time and to order their lives along the expectations of their employers . The tech industry has reconfigured the places and even the hours that people work , but it still sets a very demanding pace . What 's more , women now constitute almost half of all workers . And rather than making fundamental changes to the structure of work in our society to accommodate women 's reproductive years , technological optimists reach for an engineering solution . Have a conflict between women 's biological clock and work productivity ? Freeze the eggs . Instead , the goal should be to build systems of production that allow us to live our lives without constantly watching the clock . For example , Princeton political scientist Anne-Marie Slaughter has proposed aligning the work day with the school day . To be sure , men also feel pulled by the competing demands of work and family , and there is growing scientific evidence that they too have biological clocks . A recent study published in the journal Nature demonstrated that with every passing year , men 's sperm is more likely to contain harmful genetic mutations that contribute to their children 's risk of autism and schizophrenia . Will Apple and Facebook suggest to their male employees that they freeze sperm in order to postpone fatherhood ? Freezing eggs appears to make reproduction controllable , but one can not freeze time . Even if cells can be hoarded and stored , time can not . Time and life and bodies march on ; we age , even if our reproductive materials are transformed into frozen assets . Egg-freezing may be an optimal choice for some women , but it is not a solution to the overwhelming pressures that result from companies requiring long work hours and constant availability . Instead , we must demand policies that have been demonstrated to alleviate the strain for mothers and fathers alike : a living wage , reasonable work hours , paid parental leave , and child care . Freezing eggs simply defers the pressures of today to tomorrow .	Writers : Apple , Facebook offer coverage for women employees freezing their eggs It 's quick fix for tricky social , cultural issues -- do n't buy it , they say They say the policy expects women to be flexible , not companies Writers : Instead , demand policies that ease the workplace strain for mothers , fathers
The recipe for success belongs to Beth Royals of Richmond , Virginia , who won this year 's 47th Pillsbury Bake-Off Contest and a $ 1 million payday with her Peanutty Pie Crust Clusters on Wednesday . Four finalists competed for the grand prize , which was announced during ABC 's cooking-themed daytime series "  The Chew . " Each year , amateur home bakers and cooks flock to the contest for the prize money and to show off their skills in the kitchen . "  It 's inspiring to see the creativity and originality from home cooks across the country , " said Lynn Blanchard , the contest 's head judge and Better Homes and Gardens test kitchen director . "  We were truly impressed by the caliber of each dish submitted . Each category finalist showed how creative , simple and delicious home cooking can be . " In November , 100 competitors won a trip to Nashville to participate in the Bake-Off in four recipe categories : Simply Sweet Treats , Savory Snacks and Sides , Amazing Doable Dinners and Weekend Breakfast Wows . The dishes were judged equally on taste , appearance , creativity and consumer appeal by a panel of food professionals , including "  The Chew " co-host Carla Hall . The winners in each category were Courtney Sawyer of Bellingham , Washington , with Cuban-Style Sandwich Pockets for Doable Dinners ; Jody Walker of Madison , Mississippi , with Creamy Corn-Filled Sweet Peppers for Snacks and Sides ; Royals ' Peanutty Pie Crust Clusters for Simply Sweet Treats ; and Megan Beimer of Alexandria , Virginia , with Chocolate Doughnut Poppers for Breakfast Wows . The three runners-up were each awarded $ 10,000 and $ 3,000 in GE kitchen appliances . To qualify for the Doughboy 's top honor , a recipe must have no more than seven ingredients  minus salt , black pepper , water , cooking spray or a dusting of flour to minimize sticking to a pan  , take less than 30 minutes to prepare and contain at least two products from Pillsbury and/or its partner brands . The judges ' score accounted for 55 % of the total , with 45 % left to an online public vote -- which ended Tuesday . The Pillsbury Bake-Off Contest started in 1949 and began awarding its signature $ 1 million dollar prize in 1996 . Here 's the winning recipe in case you want to try your hand at making it : Peanutty Pie Crust Clusters Ingredients 1 Pillsbury refrigerated pie crust , softened as directed on box 1 bag  12 oz  white vanilla baking chips  2 cups 1 tablespoon Crisco Baking Sticks Butter Flavor All-Vegetable Shortening 1 tablespoon Jif Creamy Peanut Butter 1 cup salted cocktail peanuts 2/3 cup toffee bits Instructions Heat oven to 450 °F . Line 2 cookie sheets with wax paper . Unroll pie crust on work surface . With pizza cutter or knife , cut into 16 rows by 16 rows to make small squares . Arrange squares in single layer on large ungreased cookie sheet . Bake 6 to 8 minutes or until light golden brown . Remove squares from pan to cooling rack . Cool completely , about 5 minutes . In large microwavable bowl , microwave baking chips , shortening and peanut butter uncovered on High 1 minute to 1 minute 30 seconds , stirring once , until chips can be stirred smooth . Add pie crust squares , peanuts and toffee bits ; stir gently until evenly coated . Immediately drop by heaping tablespoonfuls onto lined cookie sheets .  If mixture gets too thick , microwave on High 15 seconds ; stir .  Refrigerate about 15 minutes or until set . Store covered .	The winner of the Pillsbury Bake-Off Contest was announced on "  The Chew " The recipe for Peanutty Pie Crust Clusters won the $ 1 million grand prize The contest is now in its 47th year
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- More than 340 fetuses have been found at a Buddhist temple in Bangkok , discovered because the smell of decay drew complaints , police said Wednesday . Discovery of the fetuses , which came from illegal abortion clinics , have led to six morticians being detained for questioning , police Lt. Col. Chusak Kumsai said . The chief of morticians admitted receiving fetuses from several clinics , Kumsai said . Temples in Thailand typically have morticians who prepare bodies for cremation . The fetuses have been taken from the Phai-nguern Chotinaram temple in central Bangkok to the Chulongkorn Forensic Institute for investigation , police said . "  I think -LSB- the fetuses were at the temple -RSB- because the new incinerators are under construction , " nearby resident Puak Eiamchan said . "  So the temple ca n't receive any dead bodies to cremate for almost two months now . " "  I believe that people who did this must have done it for some time and it was exposed because they ca n't burn the fetuses and they were accumulated to hundreds and the smell started to tell . " Abortion is illegal in Thailand , but women are allowed to one if they are the victims of rape , or if the pregnancy endangers the life of the mother , according to Pavena Hongskul , founder of the Pavena Foundation for Children and Women .	The smell of decay leads to the discovery The fetuses came from illegal abortion clinics , police say The chief of morticians admit receiving fetuses from several clinics Temples in Thailand typically have morticians who prepare bodies for cremation
CNN  -- I 'm sitting in a tiny Russian apartment , like so many others I 've visited , talking to two parents who sound just like any other happy couple . They tell me about the first time they met : "  We were madly drawn to each other . And I could n't even imagine we would n't be together . " They describe their hopes for the future : "  As soon as we 're on our feet financially , then we plan to have a second child . " But this is not like most other families . Both parents are women who were both previously married to men . Their daughter is in another room playing a computer game . The women do n't want her to hear the rest of our conversation . She 's too young to understand her parents ' fears or why they live in secrecy and have asked us not to publish their names . What 's it like to live as a gay family in Russia today ? "  To be silent . That 's it , " one of the women replies . "  To hide . Not to show , to give basis for rumors in the office . To be respected at work you have to keep silent , " her partner adds . It 's always been tough to live as a gay person in this country . During the Soviet era gay sex was a crime and the majority of Russians remain deeply conservative on gay issues . It 's become even harder since parliament passed what 's known as the gay propaganda law in June of last year . The legislation makes it illegal to tell children about gay equality . READ MORE : What one gay performer thinks of Russia 's law The law has been widely criticized by Western leaders who have called it archaic and discriminatory . Human rights activists say it proves Russia is unworthy of hosting the 2014 Winter Olympics , which get under way in Sochi in early February . But that has n't stopped the political campaign for another law that would repress gay rights even further . In 2013 lawmaker Alexei Zhuravlyov proposed a new law that would strip gay people with children of their parenting rights . The bill triggered fears the government was about to start taking children from their parents , but stalled in Russia 's parliament . Zhuravlyov is now pushing for a slightly watered down version that would deny custody to any parent who leaves a straight relationship to be gay . He says : "  In case any parent openly propagates homosexuality and only in this case , if the family splits , a child should exclusively stay with a parent who has heterosexual way of life . " Zhuravlyov dismisses Western liberalism and says traditional Russian values dictate a child should have a father and a mother . "  We think on this , Russia is on the right path compared to the west , " he says . "  If you in the west are so tolerant , let Russia live with its established traditions . Be tolerant to us . " Activists say such a law would be another backward step and fear its implementation could gather momentum after the Sochi games when the world 's focus has shifted away from Russia . Tanya Lokshina from Human Rights Watch says the existing gay propaganda law already has the potential to criminalize gay parents . "  If you 're gay and together with your partner ... you tell your child that your family is just the same , no worse and no better than another family next door , a heterosexual family , than you 'll be violating the law , " Lokshina says . Back in the tiny apartment , two parents who love their daughter -- and who describe themselves as patriots and Orthodox Christians -- say they struggle to imagine a day when the government could take their child from them . "  I do n't understand how it can be , " one says . "  I hope it wo n't happen . Otherwise we 'll have to migrate and many people will make that decision to leave Russia . " These parents feel increasingly pushed into the shadows of Russian society , but the couple says they and other gay parents they know are still raising their children with the goal of making their country a better place . "  As a rule , children in gay families are surrounded by care , attention and respect , " one of the women tells me . "  I do n't know what kind of people they 'll be in the future , but they 're the children in who the most is being invested . "	Russia 's "  gay propaganda " law is forcing gay community into shadows Western leaders have criticized the law as archaic and discriminatory One Russian lawmaker has proposed a new law that would strip gays of parenting rights Proponents of gay rights fear the proposed law will break apart families
CNN  -- It looks like New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady underestimated Buffalo when he took a jab at the upstate New York city 's hotels Wednesday . The insult came as Brady was praising his father , Tom Brady Sr. , for his dedication to his son 's career . The elder Brady travels all over the country to watch his son play . "  I do n't know if any of you guys have ever been to the hotels in Buffalo , but they 're not the nicest places in the world , " the younger Brady said . Brady has apologized for insulting the area 's lodging options during a pre-Super Bowl press conference , according to The Buffalo News . But not before the city 's hotels and tourism officials went on the offensive . "  Tom Brady comes to Buffalo once a year , and to pass judgment like that I think is just irresponsible at best , " Bryan Drew , general manager of Embassy Suites , told CNN affiliate WIVB . "  We 've got some great hotels , especially here downtown . " The local tourism organization , Visit Buffalo Niagara , also took issue with Brady 's slam . "  Buffalo Niagara is filled with excellent hotel options to meet the needs of the most refined travelers , " said Ed Healy , vice president of marketing . "  P.S. - go Giants ! " Healy mentioned the historic Roycroft Inn in East Aurora and The Mansion on Delaware Avenue as examples of the area 's upscale properties . The Mansion 's owner , Geno Principe , offered Brady and his family a free night at the hotel in response to the dig at Buffalo . Buffalo News sports columnist Jerry Sullivan spoke with Brady about the offer from the elite hotel . "  I appreciate that , " Brady responded , then said , "  I apologize for saying that . " The offer of a free night was n't the most popular move among some of the posters on The Mansion 's Facebook page . "  Tom Brady , a free night ? Why ? He 's an insulting , pompous  fill in the blank  , " wrote Kathy Dembek-Licata . The Mansion said on its Facebook page that it 's "  having a bit of fun " with the incident , using it to promote the Buffalo area . "  Tom Brady is an exceptional athlete and , much like the Patriots , The Mansion also strives for excellence ! "	Tom Brady said Buffalo hotels "  not the nicest places in the world " "  I apologize for saying that , " Brady told local sports columnist Hotels and tourism officials spoke out in defense of the city 's lodging options
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has nominated former Republican Sen. Chuck Hagel as his next defense secretary and anti-terrorism chief John Brennan as CIA director . Hagel 's nomination could be the most contentious of those Obama is making because of positions the former lawmaker took on Israel and Iran and his opposition to the troop surges in Iraq and Afghanistan . CNN 's John Berman on Tuesday spoke to Newsweek and Daily Beast special correspondent Peter Beinart about "  Why Hagel Matters , " the piece he wrote on Hagel 's nomination : CNN : Peter wrote what I think is  one of the  most ... interesting and compelling articles about the Hagel nomination , explaining it perhaps better than anyone I 've seen , including the president . The first paragraph of the piece , you write , it may prove the most consequential foreign policy appointment of his presidency because the struggle over Hagel is a struggle over whether Obama can change the terms of the foreign policy debate . Explain that for me . Peter Beinart : I think so far , the debate about military action in Iran has been conducted by and large in Washington , as if Iraq and Afghanistan did n't happen . As if we have n't learned anything from the disaster  of  these two wars over the last 10 years . I think the real struggle between Hagel and his foes is he wants to bring some of the lessons in to the Iran debate that we learned about  Iraq  and Afghanistan . He talks very compellingly about the fact wars once launched ca n't be fully controlled . He is very cognizant of the enormous financial cost that these wars have imposed on the United States , and I think the heart of the hostility is the fear that his recognition about what happened in Afghanistan and Iraq will make taking us to war in Iran harder . Hagel vows to fight ` distortions ' CNN : You suggest there are no consequences for the Iraq War in terms of those who supported or imposed it . Beinart : What I said if you listen to Republican foreign policy discourse , with the exception of a few people like Chuck Hagel , you would think the Iraq War had been a great success . Because all of the same people who said it was a great success are defining in large measure the debate over war on Iran , pushing the United States closer , and I think Hagel is a  messenger for  ... the president to say , "  Hold on a second here . "  I am going to set the bar for war higher than George W. Bush , and I do n't think this is a simple and easy thing . " CNN : Why does Obama need that ? Obama opposed the war in Iraq for longer than Chuck Hagel . Hagel voted for the invasion . Beinart : Yes , that 's right . Chuck Hagel did . But ...  he was  one of the few Republican senators who , after the war started , he began to rethink his view of the world . It 's not only about Iran . I think the other big thing about the Hagel nomination is that Obama wants someone to bring the Defense Department back into balance with America 's financial resources . CNN : Is this a smaller foreign policy ? A smaller defense policy ? Beinart : I think it is . The dominant Republican way to talk about the defense budget is to completely separate it , wall it off from all considerations about the national debt . Chuck Hagel does n't see it that way . He 's a lot like Dwight Eisenhower , who people forget drove the defense budget down quite dramatically because he believed America 's real power was its fiscal health , its economic health . White House officials reach out to Jewish community to answer Hagel concerns CNN : A lot of fire around Hagel 's nomination has to do with Israel and Hagel 's support and the lack of support as the case may be for Israel .  Here 's  ... what Sen. John Cornyn of Texas said about Hagel , "  Comments he 's made about the so-called Jewish lobby , which seems to denigrate the efforts of pro-Israel individuals , myself included , who view that relationship as a special relationship , one that 's important to our national security and stability in the region . " Hagel suggests he misspoke or should n't have used those words . But is this a real problem for him ? Beinart : No , I think this is really a smoke screen . If Chuck Hagel had the same views on Iran and defense spending as John McCain , no one would even be talking about these comments . I think it 's really a sideshow . One of the most important Jewish leaders , Malcolm Hoenlein , used the same phrase -- "  Jewish lobby " -- just last December . Yes , it would be more accurate to call it , I think , the kind of right-wing , pro-Israel lobby . But the truth is many of the people in the pro-Israel lobby are , in fact , Jewish , as is myself . One of the groups is the American Jewish Committee . So to suggest this is in any way anti-Semitic , when many , many Jews , including a rabbi from Omaha , has testified to  Hagel 's  good relationship with  the  Jewish community I think is character assassination , to be honest . Opinion : GOP , do n't fight Hagel nomination	Chuck Hagel 's nomination could be most contentious of President Obama 's second term Columnist : Hagel nomination is Obama 's attempt to change terms of foreign policy debate Republican Hagel initially supported war in Iraq but later became an opponent Beinart calls opposition over Hagel 's past comments about Israel a "  smoke screen "
Las Vegas  CNN  The lawyer for the 19-year-old man accused of killing a Las Vegas woman -- allegedly after a road rage incident -- says his client feared for his life . Erich Milton Nowsch made his first court appearance Monday , a brief initial hearing inside a packed Clark County courtroom in which he did not enter a plea . His lawyer , Conrad Claus , says he will argue self-defense . He questions the version of events given by police and the victim 's family and claims police interviewed Nowsch while he was high on marijuana . In fact , the lawyer claims Nowsch asked police if he could get high during the standoff that ended in his arrest , and that police agreed . But Clark County District Attorney Steve Wolfson , interviewed Tuesday night on Erin Burnett OutFront , said he does n't think self-defense is a factor in the shooting . "  I do n't see that in this case , " he said . Wolfson said authorities are looking for the person who was driving the car in which Nowsch was riding , and possibly a third person who was in the car . "  This was a drive-by shooting . He shot out of a moving vehicle , " Wolfson said . "  The driver has certain culpability . " Nowsch is charged with murder , attempted murder , assault and firing a gun from a car in the February 12 death of Tammy Meyers , 44 . Police say Nowsch shot Meyers in front of her home after a confrontation while driving . The victim and the suspect knew each other -- a fact the family knew but police say they only found out the day of the arrest . According to police , the incident began when Meyers was giving her daughter a driving lesson at a school parking lot when "  a silver four door car sped up behind them and pulled along the driver 's side of the car . " After the daughter honked the horn , the other car raced ahead and blocked their path , and a man got out of the car threatening them . Meyers later went looking for the car with her 22-year-old son , who was armed with a 9 mm pistol , according to police . After finding the car , they began following it . The driver stopped , and the passenger began firing at the Meyerses , according to police . Meyers drove home , but the other car followed and the occupant opened fire on them in front of their house , according to police . Meyers was struck in the head and died two days later . Claus said Meyers ' son pointed a gun at Nowsch before anyone started shooting . He said his client received death threats , but he did not elaborate . Road rage suspect knew victim , husband says The lawyer questions whether the alleged road rage incident between Meyers and Nowsch occurred and has doubts about the family 's account of what happened . "  There was no road rage , " Claus said . He said accounts of Nowsch 's reported discussions of the shootings with friends do n't appear to be consistent with the road rage claim . He also questioned the family 's initial description of the shooting suspect . Meyers ' daughter described the driver who threatened them as being 6 feet tall . Nowsch is much shorter . "  There are serious inconsistencies and problems with their story and I have serious concerns , " Claus told CNN . A preliminary hearing was set for March 10 , during which investigators will reveal more of the evidence and a judge will determine whether the case should go forward . However , the district attorney has issued a notice that his office may go to a grand jury instead of a preliminary hearing . The defense says such a move would indicate something weak about the prosecutors ' case . Clark County District Attorney Steve Wolfson told reporters after the hearing that prosecutors are sure of their case against Nowsch . "  It is not a straightforward case , " he said . "  It is not a garden variety , run-of-the-mill case . We all know there are certain nuances to this case . But at the end of the day , this young man is charged with a senseless , stupid act of murder and we intend to prove it in court . " Meyer 's husband , Robert Meyers , also attended the hearing . "  I 'll be here every court date , " he told reporters . Sara Weisfeldt and Sara Sidner reported from Las Vegas . Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Amanda Watts also contributed to this report .	District attorney says he does n't think self-defense was a factor in the shooting Defense attorney claims police interviewed his client while suspect was high on marijuana Eric Milton Nowsch is accused of killing 44-year-old Tammy Meyers after reported road rage incident
CNN  -- A large oil drilling platform is on its way to the Chilean mine where 33 trapped miners are awaiting rescue and is expected to arrive later Thursday or Friday , an engineer overseeing the drilling said . According to Andre Sougarret , the 42-truck convoy carrying the drill was in the area of Antofagasta , Chile , approximately 500 kilometers  311 miles  north of the San Jose mine . Other pieces of equipment will arrive from Puntarenas , Chile , and Bolivia , he said . The oil platform will be part of Plan C , the third operation to drill to reach the miners . Chilean mining officials have said they believe that drill will dig faster than the other drills currently at work . But they cautioned that the miners , trapped since August 5 , still may not be rescued until December . Progress on the other two rescue operations was mixed , Sougarret said . The drill being used in Plan A -- a type usually used in mining operations -- reached a depth of 171 meters  187 yards  Thursday , 40 more meters  about 44 yards  since an update given by officials Wednesday . The Plan B drill , usually used to drill water bore holes , hit a snag at 268 meters  293 yards  , Sougarret said , when it struck a reinforcement beam used in the mine 's operations . The men have been trapped for 35 days now , 2,300 feet under the earth . When rescuers first found them , the miners told officials they had survived for more than 17 days by sharing a jar of peaches and small amounts of tuna and mackerel that were in their shelter . Officials were weighing how to best proceed after the problem with the Plan B drill but said the drill bit would have to be retrieved and replaced . "  It was totally destroyed , " Sougarret explained . The Plan B device , which had been drilling for less time than Plan A 's drill and had already surpassed its distance , also had a problem Wednesday with a cable malfunction . The drill is widening a hole already drilled into the mine . Sougarret said that once it begins drilling again , it could reach its target -- a workshop used by the miners -- within several days . Then a larger drill could be used until the hole is wide enough so that the miners can be hoisted out , one at a time , in a small cage . At Camp Hope , the tent camp set up by miners ' families holding vigil , residents eagerly scanned the rocky horizon for any sign of the caravan bearing the Plan C drill . "  I wish it were here already , " said Milton Alvalos , whose nephew is one of those trapped . As residents waited for the arrival of the newest weapon in the arsenal being used to rescue the miners , workers walked the route the convoy will take to make sure the heavy trucks will clear the winding road into camp . "  Just the logistics part is the tough part , getting the people and equipment to where you need it . We 've got to figure out the route -LSB- and the -RSB- power lines , " said Shaun Robstad , who was coordinating the equipment 's arrival for Precision Drilling , a Canadian oil drilling company . "  We do this all the over the world , " Robstad said , but always for oil , never before for trapped humans . "  This is a first . "	It 's expected to arrive Thursday or Friday , an engineer overseeing the drilling said Platform , called Plan C , will be part of operation to drill to reach the miners Plan A drill is making progress ; Plan B drill has hit a snag 33 miners have been trapped for 35 days , 2,300 feet under the earth
London , England  CNN  -- Google agreed Friday to delete data it inadvertently collected from unsecured Wi-Fi networks when compiling its Street View mapping service in Britain , authorities said . The British government and privacy advocates have long been concerned about the personal data Google may have collected when its Street View cars drove around the country taking pictures for the service , which shows panoramic photographic views from street level . Google admitted its vehicles inadvertently captured so-called payload data but said it contained only fragments of content , according to the Information Commissioner 's Office , which examined the data in August . The ICO agreed it was "  unlikely " that the data contained significant amounts of personal information but said it was wrong for Google to have collected and stored the information . It also said the collecting of the details violated the Data Protection Act . On Friday , Google agreed to delete that data as soon as possible , the company and the ICO said . "  I am very pleased to have a firm commitment from Google to work with my office to improve its handling of personal information , " Information Commissioner Christopher Graham said . "  We do n't want another breach like the collection of payload data by Google Street View vehicles to occur again . " In addition to agreeing to delete the data , Google signed a commitment to improve data handling , the ICO said . Google Senior Vice President Alan Eustace agreed that the company will improve training measures on security awareness and data protection issues for all employees , the ICO said . The company has also said it will require its engineers to maintain a privacy design document for every new project before it is launched . After the Google cars canvassed the country in 2008 , initial privacy concerns were about license plates being shown in the photographs or people being shown in embarrassing situations , like entering adult bookstores . Google later admitted its systems had captured communications -- including possibly passwords and e-mails -- from people using open Wi-Fi networks as the cars drove past . The issue has come up in other countries as well . The U.S. Federal Trade Commission investigated the same problem but concluded last month that Google had sufficiently addressed it . The FTC said Google promised it had not and would not use the payload data -- though unlike the case in Britain , Google did not promise to delete the information . Also in October , the Canadian government said Google broke the law by collecting the data , but it closed an investigation after calling it "  a careless error . " In France , a commission that began investigating over the summer ruled that personal data had been collected . Authorities cracked down , even pulling over Street View vehicles to make sure they had stopped collecting personal information . The Czech Republic has banned Google from expanding the service , and the news sparked an online privacy debate in Germany , where Google is allowing people to opt out of Street View before the images go live . Graham , of the ICO , promised to keep a "  close watch " on Google 's progress and follow up with an extensive audit . "  Meanwhile , I welcome the fact that the Wi-Fi payload data that should never have been collected in the first place can , at last , be deleted , " he said .	Google collected the data from unsecured Wi-Fi networks Authorities were concerned that it contained personal information Google says it will work to delete it as soon as possible
As President Obama continues to push for new gun control measures , new FBI data shows that January was the second-highest month on record for gun background checks . FBI figures posted Tuesday show there were 2,495,400 background checks done through the FBI 's National Instant Criminal Background Check System , known as NICS . The number was more than 1 million higher than any previous January . Also in January , 8,980 of the background checks resulted in gun purchase denials . U.S. law requires background checks for all people who try to buy firearms from federally licensed dealers . Obama still backs new gun ban The data does not indicate exactly how many weapons might have been purchased , as some customers buy more than one gun at a time . December was the top record-setting month , with 2,783,765 background checks . The FBI makes the data available on its website without comment . The figures typically show high numbers of background checks during the holiday shopping months of November and December , and the background check numbers usually decline in January . There also is often a spike in checks after a dramatic incident of gun violence . The NICS system was launched in November 1998 after being mandated by the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act of 1993 . Federal law does not require background checks for "  private transactions , " such as sales between hunters . Many states have their own statutes requiring such checks for private sales . Gun debate : Where is the middle ground ?	Figures show there were 2,495,400 background checks through FBI system The data does not indicate exactly how many weapons might have been purchased December was the top record-setting month , with 2,783,765 background checks
CNN  -- Passengers on a Russian polar expedition ship off Antarctica are getting a whiter Christmas than they probably wanted . The MV Akademik Shokalskiy , with 74 people aboard , got trapped in ice and is waiting for other ships with ice-breaking capabilities to reach it , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said Wednesday . A British rescue coordination center received a satellite distress signal on Christmas morning from the Russian-flagged ship and contacted the Australian authority , which handles the Southern Ocean region where the vessel was stuck , an AMSA statement said . It pinpointed the trapped ship 's location as 100 nautical miles east of the French base Dumont D'Urville , about 1,500 nautical miles south of Hobart , Tasmania . Three icebreakers were headed to help the Russian vessel , the AMSA statement said , adding that none were expected to reach it before Friday . Expeditions Online , a polar booking agent for the MV Akademik Shokalskiy , said on its website that the ship got stuck "  part way through her Australasian Antarctic Expedition towards Mawson 's Hut at Cape Denison . " "  According to reports , nobody is in present danger and three nearby icebreakers are being sent to assist , " the Expeditions Online website said . It described the ship as "  a fully ice-strengthened expedition vessel " for working in polar regions . "  This class of vessel is world-renowned for polar exploration , because of its strength , maneuverability and small passenger numbers , " the company 's website said . CNN 's Kevin Wang contributed to this report .	Polar expedition ship with 74 aboard sends a Christmas distress signal Three icebreakers are heading for the trapped vessel The ship is stuck near Antarctica , 1,500 nautical miles south of Tasmania The Australian Maritime Safety Authority is coordinating the rescue
An American Airlines pilot booted Alec Baldwin off a flight Tuesday because the actor refused to turn off his cell phone after the plane 's doors were closed for departure , the airline said Wednesday . "  The passenger was extremely rude to the crew , calling them inappropriate names and using offensive language , " the company said in a statement posted on its Facebook page . Baldwin , in a column published by The Huffington Post Wednesday , apologized to fellow passengers who were delayed by the incident . But he blamed a flight attendant who "  singled me out to put my phone away " while other passengers continued to use theirs . "  I guess the fact that this woman , who had decided to make some example of me , while everyone else was left undisturbed , did get the better of me , " Baldwin wrote . After Baldwin refused to turn off his cell phone , with the seat belt light on for departure , he walked into the toilet with his phone , the airline said . "  He slammed the lavatory door so hard , the cockpit crew heard it and became alarmed , even with the cockpit door closed and locked , " the airline said . "  They immediately contacted the cabin crew to check on the situation . " "  Given the facts above , the passenger was removed from the flight and denied boarding , " the company said . The "  confusion " started after the plane remained at the gate for 15 minutes after the door closed , Baldwin wrote . "  I then did what I have nearly always done and that was to pull out my phone to complete any other messaging I had to do before take off , " he said . "  In nearly all other instances , the flight attendants seemed to be unbothered ... and said nothing about such activity , by me or anyone else , until we actually were pulling away from the gate . " Although other passengers were still using their phones , a female flight attendant "  singled me out to put my phone away , " he said . He pulled his phone out again after the plane remained at the gate , he said . "  Again , I was singled out by this woman in the most unpleasant of tones . " Boxer Oscar De LaHoya , who was also on the plane , posted a Twitter message of support for the actor , saying , "  I think the flight attendant over reacted . ' Word of Baldwin 's clash with the crew spread worldwide within minutes of his being escorted from the New York-bound flight at a Los Angeles International Airport gate , because of Twitter postings by Baldwin and a passenger . "  On an AA flight at LAX . Alec Baldwin removed from the plane We had to go back to the gate . Terrible that everyone had to wait , " tweeted Michael J. Wolf , a consulting firm executive who was a passenger on the flight . A short time later , Baldwin tweeted to his nearly 600,000 followers : "  Flight attendant on American reamed me out 4 playing WORDS W FRIENDS while we sat at the gate , not moving . " When CNN anchor Brooke Baldwin -- no relation -- tagged Alec Baldwin in a tweet asking about "  Words with Friends , " the actor replied , "  It 's ... well ... addicting . " "  Words With Friends " is a digital word-building game popular on several platforms . Another Baldwin tweet took aim at the crew , saying he would never again fly on American Airlines , "  where retired Catholic school gym teachers from the 1950 's find jobs as flight attendants . " The star of NBC 's "  30 Rock " noted in his tweets that "  oddly , 30 Rock plays inflight on American . " A posting on the airline 's Twitter account showed the company was trying to reach Baldwin . "  Mr. Baldwin , we are looking into this . Please DM us contact information , " the company tweeted . In his column , he said he had happily flown American Airlines for 20 years and until now was "  brand loyal , in the extreme . " Most of the flight attendants "  still have some remnant of the old idea of service , " he said . "  But there are many now who walk the aisles of an airplane with a whistle around their neck and a clipboard in their hands and they have made flying a Greyhound bus experience . " "  The lesson I 've learned is to keep my phone off when the 1950 's gym teacher is on duty , " he wrote . Despite the apparent distress , Baldwin 's journey resumed . "  Now on the 3 o'clock American flight . The flight attendants already look ... smarter , " he tweeted . Baldwin arrived at New York 's JFK Airport on an American Airlines flight Tuesday evening .	Flight attendant "  singled me out " as others kept using their phones , Baldwin says "  I 've learned is to keep my phone off when the 1950 's gym teacher is on duty , " he says American Airlines boots Baldwin from flight after he slammed toilet door , airline says Airline calls Baldwin "  extremely rude to the crew "
CNN  -- Facebook announced an update to Graph Search on Monday that will enable users to search for conversation topics within status updates , comments and posts . Some users with Graph Search can now browse Facebook for topics of interest â $ " for example , "  posts about Breaking Bad " or simply "  Breaking Bad . " The update also allows users to search for posts or comments from a certain time period or location  for example , "  posts by my friends from last month "  or posts that they already composed or commented on . The update makes Facebook much more conducive to real-time conversations , an area where it has been making major strides to compete with the likes of Twitter . The two social networks have been competing for eyeballs during primetime television events like the Emmys , the NFL 's Monday Night Football , and Sunday 's Breaking Bad finale . When users ' eyes are n't glued to the TV screen , Facebook and Twitter want them to be having conversations or voicing their opinions on their respective networks . Opening up Graph Search to enable post and comment searches will help Facebook to do so . When a user logs into his profile during a primetime event , he can quickly scan all conversations about the game or his favorite show â $ " even if he is n't near the top of the News Feed . If a user want to talk about an event hours  or even days  later , he can search for all relevant conversations on Facebook , something users ca n't easily do using Twitter . Facebook has been working to add partnerships around live media in an attempt to fuel this social conversation . Earlier this month , the social network announced a content deal with FOX Sports to promote Facebook data and conversations alongside live NFL and college football broadcasts . Facebook has also added features like searchable hashtags and verified accounts in an attempt to make finding topics of interest easier on the platform . Facebook reported on its Q2 earnings call that 88 to 100 million people are actively using the social network during primetime television hours â $ " a number that Facebook advertisers will pay close attention to . Twitter is making similar efforts ahead of the company 's IPO ; the company is expected to file its public IPO papers as soon as this week . Just last week , Twitter announced ad partnerships with both CBS and the NFL , which will bring real-time video into your Twitter stream . Facebook 's search update is not yet available to all Graph Search users , according to a company spokesperson . It will be tested starting on Monday with a small group of users and will roll out more expansively after that . Users will only be able to search for content that has been shared with them , in addition to public posts . In other words , your conversations should not appear in a search run by someone outside of your network unless your comments and posts are public . What do you think about Facebook 's new Graph Search update to find conversations ? Tell us in the comments below . This article originally appeared on Mashable . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Graph Search is Facebook 's way of finding content across the network System has added status updates and comments User can now scan for trending conversations , a la Twitter
A 40-year-old quad amputee was all thank yous at a news conference Tuesday at a Boston-area hospital as he showed off his two new arm transplants . Will Lautzenheiser sat next to the doctors from Brigham and Women 's Hospital who spent almost nine hours in surgery with him last month . "  To have come here and to have received this gift is really astonishing to me , and it 's obviously life-changing , " he said . Lautzenheiser , a former professor of film production and screenwriting , lost his limbs in 2011 after a battle with a severe streptococcal infection , according to the hospital . The arms came from an anonymous donor through the New England Organ Bank , the hospital said . "  Of course I want to thank , to acknowledge and to honor the memory of the man whose arms I have so gratefully received , " Lautzenheiser said . "  This person who 's anonymous to me will always be as close to me as my own skin now . " In an anonymous statement , the family of the donor said , "  Our son gave the best hugs , we pray that you make a wonderful recovery and that your loved ones will be able to enjoy your warm embrace . " While his doctors said it may be years until he will be able to actually move his hands in complex ways , Lautzenheiser said he was astonished at his progress . "  This is about it so far , " Lautzenheiser said , laughing and slightly stretching his arm , which was in a splint and cast , "  but I had nothing , so even that is incredible . " There have been about 70 hand transplants around the world , according to Dr. Simon Talbot , one of the surgeons on the team that performed the operation on Lautzenheiser . In 2013 , an Iraq War veteran who lost his limbs overseas underwent a successful double arm transplant surgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore . Cell transplant allows paralyzed man to walk again , researchers say	Will Lautzenheiser underwent surgery last month at a Boston Hospital He lost all four of his limbs in 2011 to a streptococcal infection He thanked his doctors , his family and the anonymous donor of the arms
CNN  -- Just as there are many choices of drivers , putters , balls , and other equipment , there are just as many choices of golf instructors . The process of how you choose your golf instructor is as unique as your finger prints . However , just like there are certain things you want to know before choosing your doctor , there are certain items you should inquire of your instructor . Compatibility - It is your responsibility to insure that there is a fit between you and your instructor on all levels , personality type , mutual goals , similar outlooks on the game , and your instructor 's ability to relate to your individual needs . Before throwing a dart in the phone book under "  golf instruction " , research the professionals in your area . One way is to ask friends and playing partners for referrals of good instructors in your area . Ask them about pricing , reputation , location , and their improvement under the instructor 's tutelage . If you get along with your playing partners and the instructor does too , odds are you have found a fit . Then , call the instructor and ask if they have time to talk to you about your game and improvement goals . A good instructor will be happy to talk to you about your game , and get to know you as an individual , prior to helping you with your golf game . Accreditation and Experience - Does your golf instructor have the education and experience to take your game to any level you desire ? Many individuals claim to be golf instructors . Many of these individuals are self-proclaimed "  experts , " or had enough money to take a one to two week course on how to teach golf and make more money . In seeking a golf professional to help you with your game , insure that the individual has an active accreditation with the PGA or LPGA , or , has demonstrated an inarguable ability to help players of many levels improve through many years of practice . Other associations claim they produce golf instructors . However , these organizations have one focus , to make money , not to produce solid golf instructors . Inquire of your instructor their accreditation , as well as their education both on and off the golf course . Check with the LPGA or PGA websites to confirm your potential golf instructor 's accreditation with that organization , and , how much experience the instructor possesses . Inquire of the instructor 's philosophy and past success stories . If needed , ask for references of students from all skill levels that you can contact . Video - Video swing analysis has become a staple for all golf instruction . It is no longer an option . If you are paying for instruction that does not include video review of your game , you should reconsider why you are paying for golf instruction . Video , when used correctly , is a third pair of eyes  you and your instructor are first and second  . This is similar to a doctor using an X-Ray or M.R.I , to diagnosis a health issue . Your golf instructor should be using video in the same manner . Video should confirm the diagnosis to you , not the instructor . A good golf instructor has the ability to see the flaw first , and use his or her knowledge of that flaw to diagnose a cure or drill for you to practice to realize improvement . If your golf instructor is relying solely on video to tell what is happening in your swing , you will eventually lose trust in the instructor 's ability to help you . You would second guess a doctor 's ability to help you if he or she did not use their ability first and confirm their thoughts with tests . Then why would you rely on an instructor who is not "  practicing " golf instruction in the same manner ? Follow-up Communication - Your golf instructor should have a program available for you to utilize to ask questions , give feedback , receive follow-up instructions , schedule lessons , or make other inquiries after your lesson . Some instructors offer their phone numbers after hours . Others utilize the internet for follow-up and communication purposes . Regardless of what form of communication is available to you after the lesson , your instructor should be available , at no extra charge , within a reasonable amount of time , to answer your questions and take interest in your concerns .	Handy hints from the PGA to help secure the right golf coach for your game Personality type and mutual goals are crucial to get the best from a coach Check your instructor has the education and experience to improve your game Your instructor should be available , at no extra charge , to answer concerns
Most people expect to fight frigid temperatures and fierce winds as they climb Mount Everest . But a group of three climbers say they faced unexpected adversaries over the weekend while scaling the storied peak : Sherpa guides . Nepalese authorities say they 're investigating reports that a fight broke out on Saturday between the guides and the climbers , nearly 23,000 feet  7,000 meters  up the world 's tallest mountain . "  If the Sherpas hit the foreign climbers , action will definitely be taken against them , " said Dipendra Poudel , a mountaineering official in Kathmandu . The fight started after three professional climbers from Italy , the United Kingdom and Switzerland told the Sherpas they wanted to climb on their own , according to Nima Nuru Sherpa of Cho-Oyu Trekking , the agency that is managing their climb . "  Our clients said the Sherpas manhandled them , " he said . A statement posted Sunday on the website of Italian climber Simone Moro gave a harrowing account , claiming that 100 Sherpas attacked him , Swiss climber Ueli Steck and British climber Jonathan Griffith . This account said the fight broke out after Sherpas said the climbers knocked ice onto a Sherpa located below them . "  They became instantly aggressive , " the statement said , "  and not only punched and kicked the climbers , but threw many rocks as well . " After nearly an hour , the situation calmed down , the statement said . "  The climbers , who had been pushed away and told to hide , had regrouped and were told that if they were n't gone in one hour that they would all be killed , " the statement said . "  The climbers packed the bare essentials and made a circuitous route back down to the base of Mount Everest in heavily crevassed terrain with no rope on , feeling that given the current situation this was the safest place to be . " Nepalese authorities said their investigation into the report was ongoing . "  The Sherpas got angry when hit by the ice and there was a fight , " said Dambar Parajuli of the Expedition Operators ' Association , a group representing expedition organizers . In addition , he said , the climbers had been instructed not to go up while Sherpas were laying ropes , but they went ahead despite the warning . On Monday , he said , both sides had a meeting , reconciled and agreed to go ahead with the climb . In their statement on Sunday , the climbers said no Sherpa had come forward with any evidence of injury . "  The climbers believe that the lead Sherpa was tired and cold and felt that his pride had been damaged as the three climbers were moving unroped and much faster to the side of him , " the statement said . "  Whatever the reason may be , there is no reason to instigate vigilante rule and to try and kill three visiting climbers . " About 4,000 people have scaled Everest since Sir Edmund Hillary and Sherpa Tenzing Norgay first climbed the mountain in 1953 . According to mountaineering officials , 340 foreign climbers from about 30 expeditions have been given permission to climb Everest this year with about the same number of high-altitude Sherpas set to assist them . The majority of climbers are on commercial expeditions and are aided by Sherpas to reach the summit . Sherpas from different expeditions put down ropes to the summit and later , other climbers hold on to them to scale the mountain . Turning Everest waste into art Among climbing enthusiasts on social media , word spread quickly of the fight in one of the world 's most hard-to-reach , but well known , locales . In a Facebook post , Climb Magazine described what it called a "  shocking scene " on the mountain , sparking debate among readers over whether the Sherpas or the climbers were responsible . One post on Adventure Journal 's website described the incident as "  an inauspicious start to the spring climbing season on Mt. Everest . " In another post , a guide said mistakes were likely made on both sides , but that those responsible for the violence should be prosecuted . "  Everest is a mountain where people pour an incredible amount of passion and money into their efforts . This is true for professional and recreational climbers , and for Sherpa who earn most or all of their family 's annual income in these two months on the mountain , " guide Adrian Ballinger wrote . "  The constant pressure to break records , attempt new routes , and be the strongest , whether for personal pride , sponsors , future job offers , or media , can cloud the purity of our climbing here . And these pressures can lead to disagreements , arguments , and hurt feelings . But none of these pressures should be allowed to lead to violence , or to breaking the essential bonds that tie climbers to each other , " Ballinger added . Childhood dream leads climber up Everest , twice	A group of foreign climbers say Sherpas attacked them , punching them and throwing rocks An expedition official says the fight broke out because falling ice hit a Sherpa Nepalese authorities say they are investigating An expedition official says both sides have reconciled and agreed to continue their climb
CNN  -- Unless you 've been living under a rock , you know people are concerned about the deficit . Or at least they say they are . You 'd also have to be willfully ignoring everything around you not to know that health care spending is a significant cause , if not the cause , of our long-term fiscal problems . The narrative that seems to be going around Washington argues that there are two schools of thought about how to improve our financial outlook . One side wants to cut spending . The other side wants to increase taxes . Or , so it goes . I was out to dinner on Saturday night with a friend who is rather pessimistic about compromise in our government . He believes that the chances for passing anything that might reduce spending on health care in the future are near zero . There 's just one problem with his outlook . We 've already passed a law that does a great deal to reduce future health care spending . I have argued many times that I do n't think the Affordable Care Act does enough to contain costs . I still believe that 's true . But let 's not ignore the fact that it does a lot . More , in fact , than anything else passed by Congress and signed into law by a president in quite some time . Right off the bat , we need to remember that the Affordable Care Act makes significant cuts to future Medicare spending . Reductions in overpayments for Medicare Advantage constitute almost $ 140 billion in savings over a decade . Changes in the fee-for-service reimbursement schedule add up to almost $ 200 billion . That 's an enormous amount of money , so large that it scared many people into thinking that Medicare would be severely curtailed . Running against Medicare cuts helped sweep the Republicans into power in the House of Representatives in 2010 . Often , such arguments came from the same people now decrying the Affordable Care Act for not cutting health care spending enough . But that 's just the tip of the iceberg . There are lots of other payment reforms  PDF  that should "  bend the curve " for Medicare in the next decade . Hospitals will be punished for re-admissions for certain conditions . This is expected to save $ 8.2 billion . Refusing payments for hospital-acquired conditions should save another $ 3.2 billion . Accountable care organizations , for better or for worse , are expected to save almost $ 5 billion in the first eight years as well . Everyone hates waste in the system . The health care act does something about that as well . Specifically , it strengthens our means to investigate and then go after people who abuse Medicare or Medicaid . The Congressional Budget Office has calculated that the health care act 's provisions for abuse of these programs could reduce spending by an additional $ 1.8 billion . Surely you 've heard about the Independent Payment Advisory Board ? This one , too , has cost the administration politically . It 's been demonized as an actual "  death panel " of unelected , unaccountable people who will ration your Medicare . That 's not true . The panel is made up of people who need Senate approval  not easy  , and they do n't serve for life . Moreover , they have a very specific , limited task . If , and only if , the amount of money Medicare spends per person goes up faster than the consumer price index , the panel will make recommendations to Congress on how to get Medicare to spend less . By statute , they ca n't "  ration " care or increase premiums , deductibles or co-payments . Still , what makes this a better cost control than what existed before is that these recommendations automatically become law unless Congress can pass a different plan that achieves the same savings . Because Congress has a hard time passing anything these days , that 's not as likely to happen . The payment advisory board gets going in 2014 , and in just its first five years , it 's expected to reduce spending for all Medicare programs by more than $ 23 billion  PDF  . These are just mechanisms acting on government insurance , though . The Affordable Care Act has some measures that affect private spending as well . The excise tax is one of those . Starting in 2018 , plans that cost more than a certain amount will have a 40 % tax levied on employers who provide them . Let 's acknowledge that such taxes will absolutely be passed on to regular people , so it does n't matter who is stuck with the bill at first . It 's also worth acknowledging that the levels where the tax kicks in are really high  $ 10,200 for an individual plan and $ 27,500 for a family  . Even so , many believe that this will eventually be one of the strongest levers the Affordable Care Act contains to rein in spending in the future . We should also mention the insurance exchanges themselves . Although it will take time to work out the kinks , the general idea is that the exchanges should reduce the administrative burden of individually rating and selling plans to consumers . Insurance companies instead will have to compete on value , and try to negotiate with providers to reduce spending to remain competitive . We 'll have to see how well this works . Finally , the law invests in the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute and the CMS Innovation Center , which may lead to new ideas to contain costs as well . These are difficult to score , but they are being researched . You could argue that any one of these  other than the cuts to Medicare  is on the smaller side . But when you add them up , they start to get significant . So much so , that the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the Affordable Care Act reduced the long-term fiscal gap by 2 % of the gross domestic product over the next 75 years . That 's about 25 % to 33 % of what is necessary to stabilize the debt in the long run . Granted , some of that deficit reduction comes from new taxes . But some of it also comes from reduction in future spending . Parts of the act cost money . Parts of the act save money . Overall , it is deficit reducing . You may not like these types of efforts . They may offend your political sensibilities . You may favor a more consumer-driven type of system , or one that relies less on panels of experts . But there 's a difference between arguing that you want different measures and pretending those measures do n't exist . Further , some have argued that these measures wo n't last . Someone will change them . Someone will gut them . But you have to remember that right now , they are law . Making them weaker requires action . Specifically , it requires a House and Senate to pass something altering them , and then a president to agree to sign it . That 's hard to do in today 's environment . Of course , some are campaigning on trying to do that right now . They want to overturn all of the above completely . That 's fine ; it 's their right . But it 's hard to understand how you can argue that the "  other side " is n't serious about decreasing future health care spending while simultaneously working toward overturning the law it passed that does just that . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Aaron E. Carroll .	Aaron E. Carroll : Idea that GOP wants to cut , Democrats want to spend is a myth Carroll says the Affordable Care Act cuts future costs of health care significantly , if not enough Cuts in Medicare spending and oversight of abuses mean substantial savings , he says Carroll : Parts of the act save money and some cost , but overall , it reduces the deficit
One year after the Boston Marathon bombings and almost three years after his death in a CIA drone strike in Yemen , Anwar al-Awlaki , the New Mexico-born American cleric who was an operational leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , continues to be a major influence on violent jihadist extremists in the United States . Even in death , al-Awlaki is the key cleric in the English-speaking world of radical Islam that militants are turning to for inspiration . His many lectures and interviews are still widely available on the Internet , and they are in colloquial English to boot . Al-Awlaki , for instance , influenced the suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings . Al-Awlaki was born in 1971 in Las Cruces , New Mexico , where his father was studying agricultural economics at New Mexico State University as a Fulbright scholar . As an undergrad , al-Awlaki attended Colorado State University , studying engineering . In 1994 while living in Colorado , al-Awlaki married his first wife , a cousin from Yemen . A year later , al-Awlaki moved to San Diego , where he took up a job as a cleric at a local mosque . By his own account , it was during this period that al-Awlaki began to develop a hatred for the United States , feelings he was quite adept at keeping to himself . This hatred was sparked by the first Gulf War , which followed Saddam Hussein 's invasion of Kuwait in August 1990 . Six months later a massive American army based in Saudi Arabia expelled Hussein 's troops from Kuwait . After Hussein 's armies were ignominiously pushed out of Kuwait , a large-scale U.S. military presence in Saudi Arabia continued for many years . For politicized , fundamentalist Muslims such as al-Awlaki , the presence of thousands of "  infidel " American troops on the holy land of Saudi Arabia was a deep irritant . During his years living in San Diego and later in Virginia , al-Awlaki met with three of the 9/11 hijackers in the months before the attacks . Almost a decade later he also gave the order to Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , the "  underwear bomber " to take down an American plane with a bomb . AbdulMutallab ignited his bomb on Northwest Flight 253 on Christmas Day 2009 as it flew over the suburbs of Detroit , but luckily the device failed to detonate properly . As a result of the operational role al-Awlaki was playing in al Qaeda , President Barack Obama gave the authorization for his death , and on the morning of September 30 , 2011 , CIA drones locked on to the vehicle he was traveling in Yemen and fired missiles that killed the cleric . Obama called the death of al-Awlaki a "  major blow " to al-Qaeda in Yemen , which had now lost its "  leader of external operations . " But it turns out that killing the militant cleric was easier than killing his ideas that linger on in the virtual world . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , the younger brother who survived a shootout with police shortly after the Boston Marathon bombings , had downloaded articles written by al-Awlaki , according to the indictment against him . Tsarnaev also downloaded the first issue of Inspire magazine , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's English-language webzine , which al-Awlaki helped to produce . Law enforcement officials linked the pipe bombs allegedly used by the Tsarnaev brothers in the Boston Marathon bombings to step-by-step instructions for how to build similar pipe bombs that were printed in that first issue of Inspire . The Tsarnaev brothers may not be the only individuals in the United States to have been influenced by al-Awlaki . According to a count by the New America Foundation , since 9/11 , 52 American citizens or U.S. residents indicted in a jihadist terrorist-related crime or that have been killed have cited al-Awlaki as an influence , possessed his propaganda or were in communication or met with him . Al-Awlaki was in e-mail communication , for instance , with Maj. Nidal Hasan , who killed 13 people in a shooting at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 . Nor are the Tsarnaevs the only Americans likely to be influenced by Inspire magazine . According to a count by the New America Foundation , at least 16 individuals indicted since the magazine 's first issue in 2010 have possessed or cited Inspire as an influence . Even today , court documents continue to cite al-Awlaki and Inspire as influencing factors in terrorism cases . Eighteen individuals indicted in the United States since al-Awlaki 's death in 2011 have cited his influence or possessed his propaganda . In June , for instance , Justin Kaliebe , an 18-year-old New Yorker , pleaded guilty to attempting to travel to Yemen to join al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . According to his plea agreement , Kaliebe told an undercover officer , "  My standard is Sheik Anwar Al-Awlaki and Sheik Osama  bin Laden  , both who bore witness to the truth . " In November , the government indicted Basit Sheikh , a 29-year-old living in North Carolina , and charged him with attempting to provide material support to al-Nusra Front , a Syrian al Qaeda affiliate . The criminal complaint alleges that Sheikh posted a link on Facebook to a propaganda video narrated by al-Awlaki . In December , the government filed an indictment against Terry Loewen , a 58-year-old man from Wichita , Kansas , alleging he attempted to explode a car bomb at the Wichita Mid-Continent Airport . The criminal complaint alleges that Loewen told an undercover FBI informant , "  Brothers like Osama bin Laden and Anwar al-Awlaki are a great inspiration to me , " and , "  I have read Anwar Al-Awlaki 's 44 ways of Jihad , and like everything l 've ever read of his , it 's very informative . " In March , Nicholas Teausant , a 20-year-old from Acampo , California , was arrested and charged with attempting to travel to fight in Syria . The criminal complaint alleges that Teausant 's computer contained copies and excerpts of Inspire . It is not just the U.S. government that continues to view al-Awlaki as maintaining , even in death , his power to influence . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula continues to publish Inspire . The latest issue appeared in March featuring a purported interview with al-Awlaki made before his death in which he urged attacks on Western civilians . Al Qaeda and individuals motivated by the group 's ideology continue to view al-Awlaki as an important voice so his writings , available on the Internet , will likely continue to crop up in terrorism cases for the foreseeable future . What can be done to counter this ? An implausible approach is a "  takedown " effort . Trying to eliminate al-Awlaki 's writings on "  holy war " on the Internet just wo n't work . Eliminate them on some sites , and they will simply pop up on others . Another more plausible approach would be for English-speaking Muslim clerics to contest publicly and widely al-Awlaki 's arguments for justified holy wars against non-Muslims . So far such efforts remain limited both in number and reach .	Peter Bergen says a terrorist killed in a U.S. drone strike continues to influence jihadists He says it was easier for U.S. to kill Anwar al-Awlaki than to eliminate support for his ideas Suspect in Boston bombings downloaded al-Awlaki 's articles and his magazine , Bergen says Bergen : Many other charges have been brought against followers of al-Awlaki
Ars Technica  -- Information about a keyboard being included in the "  Rock Band 3 " package was teased in the "  Green Day : Rock Band " demo . We have now been given some exclusive information by our now-famous Mole about what we can expect from "  Rock Band 3 . " Read on to find out what to expect from the instruments in the latest version of the game . It 's the '80s ! There wo n't actually be a keyboard peripheral sold with the game ; instead there will be a keytar-like instrument supported . For those who did n't listen to much '80s music , a keytar is a sort of keyboard with a strap , held like a guitar . The keytar will be the only new instrument for the game . We were surprised that new instruments were being released at all , since Activision had noted that they were focusing on software and not hardware in order to cut costs . We figured Harmonix would follow what seemed to be a savvy strategy in a world already choked with peripherals . Harmonix will actually be doing something similar , and the peripherals will be created by an outside company . Mad Catz is bringing the instruments Mad Catz will be creating all the "  Rock Band 3 " instruments and bundles ; EA will only be distributing the software . Mad Catz will be offering many different bundles with different combinations of instruments available , and there will be bundles that are exclusive to certain retailers . If you have guitars , you 'll be able to find a bundle for drums . If you need everything , that will be available as well . If a store does n't want to be saddled with huge boxes , they can simply stock the game . This will allow the focus of the launch to be kept on the software , and we 're told that there will be a "  pro " mode included in the game that will require proper technique , and may lead to actual skills on guitars and bass . How this will work is n't known , but it 's possible Mad Catz may create a product that more closely mimics an actual guitar . All this information is firmly in the rumor pile , excluding the Mad Catz connection , but our Mole has successfully broken more stories in gaming news and peripherals than anyone else in this business , so we 're confident in this data . It also makes sense : Mad Catz has long had the license to release Rock Band peripherals , and large bundles suffer from thin margins and can be expensive to stock . Giving control of the hardware to a company who knows how to release and ship peripherals makes sense for everyone , and more bundles give retailers a new layer of granularity to stock items based on their needs . As for the keytar ? We have no clue . Expect this information to be confirmed at E3 . COPYRIGHT 2010 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Ars Technica 's "  Mole " reports that a keytar-like instrument will be supported The keyboard/guitar combination will be the only new instrument Instruments and game will be available in several bundles
Washington  CNN  -- Police arrested actor George Clooney and others Friday during a protest at the Sudanese Embassy in Washington . The arrested protesters included congressmen , human rights activists and faith leaders . "  We are here really to ask two very simple questions , " Clooney said moments before his arrest . "  The first question is something immediate -- and immediately , we need humanitarian aid to be allowed into the Sudan before it becomes the worst humanitarian crisis in the world . " The second thing , he said , "  is for the government in Khartoum to stop randomly killing its own innocent men , women and children . Stop raping them and stop starving them . That 's all we ask . " Protesters had begun gathering in the street before the protest began and converged on the Embassy once Clooney and the others arrived , holding signs reading "  Stop Bombing Civilians Now ! " and "  End the silence stop the violence . " Those arrested included United to End Genocide President Tom Andrews ; Democratic Reps. Jim McGovern , Al Green , Jim Moran and John Olver ; Martin Luther King III ; and NAACP President Ben Jealous . CNN iReporter films Clooney arrest Jealous directed a message to the Sudanese president : "  This is what beginning of the end looks like . " "  We are protesting to make sure the Sudanese government knows that the world is watching , " McGovern said . "  The United States Congress is watching . And we will be back again and again until they stop using food as a weapon ; stop slaughtering innocent men , women and children ; and stop spitting in the face of the world community . " After speeches by several of the protest leaders , a police officer told the group she was giving them a third warning , after which they would be arrested . A few moments later , the arrests began . The group stood calmly as they waited for the police to apply plastic handcuffs as the crowd of protesters chanted "  al-Bashir to the ICC , " referring to the International Criminal Court , where Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir has been indicted . Clooney was charged with disorderly crossing of a police line , a misdemeanor , Secret Service spokesman Max Millien said . The Secret Service is responsible for security at foreign diplomatic missions in Washington . He paid a $ 100 fine , choosing to forfeit that money to avoid a court appearance , said Gwendolyn Crump , a spokeswoman for the Metropolitan Police Department . Clooney met with President Obama on Thursday to discuss his concerns about Sudan . He testified before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee this week about violence in the Nuba Mountains in South Kordofan , a state in Sudan near its border with newly independent South Sudan . Clooney and other activists blame the Sudanese government for attacks there that have injured and killed civilians . Clooney told the Senate committee that the attacks are being orchestrated by Sudan 's government , led by al-Bashir , government official Ahmad Harun and Defense Minister Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein -- the same three men , he said , who orchestrated long-documented attacks in Darfur . "  What you see is a constant drip of fear , " testified Clooney , who just returned from a trip to Sudan . "  We found children filled with shrapnel , including a 9-year-old boy who had both of his hands blown off . " This month the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for Hussein , listing 41 counts of crimes against humanity and war crimes allegedly committed in the Darfur region of Sudan . Al-Bashir and Harun are also facing war crimes charges involving Darfur . Clooney is co-founder of the Satellite Sentinel Project , which uses satellite imagery to watch for aerial attacks and troop movements in Sudan and South Sudan , which became a separate country last year . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Clooney pays a $ 100 fine for misdemeanor charge Clooney discussed Sudan with President Obama on Thursday He recently traveled to Sudan 's Nuba Mountains He says the Sudanese government has bombed sites there , injuring and killing civilians
CNN  -- Former Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader has been arrested in Salzburg , Austria , an Austrian Ministry of Justice spokeswoman said Friday . His arrest came after an international warrant was issued by Croatian prosecutors accusing him of abuse of position and power , according to Croatia 's Ministry of Interior . Sanader was arrested on a highway in Salzburg , said the spokeswoman , who works for the extradition division of Austria 's Justice Ministry and did not want to be named . Sanader will be extradited to Croatia , according to Croatian state-run HTV . Sanader faces allegations of corruption dating to his years as prime minister from 2003 to 2009 , according to prosecutors . A popular , conservative politician , Sanader was a leading member of the Christian Conservative HDZ party founded by Croatia 's first post-communist president , Franjo Tudman . Fellow party member Jerko Rosen said Sanader , who left the country on business , will return to Croatia immediately to fight the charges , RTL-Croatia reported . Rosen said he does not know Sanader 's whereabouts . Sanader , who has an international passport , has been stripped of any official immunity , RTL reported . He is listed on the Interpol site as a fugitive wanted on fraud and organized crime offenses . Secret U.S. diplomatic cables recently released by the WikiLeaks website allege that kickbacks were being investigated during Sanader 's term , and that there "  appears to be a new attitude toward allegedly corrupt party members that is strengthening the political will to fight corruption at all levels in the Croatian government and economy . " "  For the past three years , the Croatian State Prosecutor 's Office for the Suppression of Organized Crime and Corruption  USKOK  has been ratcheting up its activity in corruption cases , " the cable stated . It is not clear whether Sanader has hired an attorney to represent him .	NEW : Ivo Sanader was arrested in Salzburg , official says Sanader is wanted for abuse of position and power in Croatia A party member claims Sanader will return to Croatia to prove his innocence Interpol and Croatian prosecutors accuse Sanader of fraud and corruption
CNN  -- Part of being a child is developing your identity . School can teach you knowledge . Society can teach you what it expects of you . But , once you develop a sense of yourself , no one and nothing can tell you who you are . You come to know that -- to your core . When a child 's sense of self develops in ways that are traditional and unremarkable , nobody takes much notice . But when it happens in ways that challenge traditional norms or expectations , people often try to "  correct " it . Such is the heart of a controversy brewing in Colorado involving a first-grader and , of all things , a bathroom . The unlikely center of this uproar is a little 6-year-old girl , Coy Mathis . Coy knows she 's a girl . She dresses as a girl . Her legal documents recognize her as a girl . Her parents accept her as a girl . On the playground , you would have difficulty identifying her as different from any of the other girls , because in all ways that matter socially and legally , this child is a girl . The problem is that Coy was born in the body of a boy , so the school district wants her to use the boys ' bathroom , or some bathroom other than the one the other girls use . The Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund has filed a complaint with the Colorado Civil Rights Division on behalf of Coy and her family . Discrimination complaint filed for transgender girl Although generations of people facing a similar mind/body dissonance have been forced to hide , to pretend , to live unhappy and empty lives simply for being different , the world is changing . Kids such as Coy finally have a chance to avoid a similar fate with their dignity and their self-image intact , given the right support and opportunity . Vice President Joe Biden has long been a supporter of gay , lesbian and transgender rights , referring to them as civil rights issues . It seems odd to think of this first-grader who simply wants to use the bathroom as a civil rights pioneer . But crossing seemingly simple barriers for rights is nothing new -- whether to ride a bus , to attend a school or to use a bathroom just like everyone else . It is unfortunate that we keep having to relearn these lessons . I doubt many people stop to consider that the single most significant moment in their lives happens within minutes of their births . That 's when , upon simple inspection , a doctor or a nurse pronounces a baby a boy or a girl . That seemingly simple and obvious proclamation has reverberations for the rest of our lives . I can empathize with Coy because I faced those same overwhelming questions myself , almost 50 years ago . I came to know a similar mistake had been made , except that at that time , I did n't have words to explain it . I learned to live a lie . Pretending to be what you 're not , hoping things will magically fix themselves , seems easier at times . But lies have consequences . News : Frat pays for brother 's sex change It is unfortunate that Coy 's school has not learned the lesson that so many other aspects of our culture have already acknowledged , that a person 's gender is more complicated than a body part or a chromosome . Workplaces across this country are recognizing the challenges that their transgender workers face and are removing deeply embedded barriers to health care and wellness benefits . Organizations ranging from the National Collegiate Athletic Association to the Girl Scouts are accepting transyouth , sometimes under fire , treating children based on identify , not body parts . Transwomen have openly competed in mainstream beauty pageants and have been featured in magazines such as Vogue . Transgender athletes , artists and writers , people in all fields , have shown there is a pathway to a happy , well-adjusted and fulfilling life -- not as an "  other , " but as the men and women we know ourselves to be . Apparently none of this matters to the school that denies Coy the use of the girls ' bathroom or to the parents who demonize her and her family . Arguments to treat Coy with dignity often fall on deaf ears . Why ? Because discussion of the topic quickly becomes emotional rather than rational . When I came out to my own mother , at 40 years old , I was a parent , I had been married to a woman I loved for 20 years , I had a successful career , we owned two homes , and there was n't a single person who would have guessed my secret or my struggle . But in the end , a quote from AndrÃ © Gide : "  It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not , " resonated to the point that I finally became who I should have been . Today , my family and I have never been closer . I have never been more in tune with myself and the world around me . My relationships have never been more fulfilling . Those who would cling to outdated stereotypes of transpeople as sad , lonely , misguided , freakish and broken see more and more examples of people who bloom when they find the strength , and the opportunity , to become authentic . My own advice for Coy and her family : Keep the spirit of the Serenity Prayer close to your heart . Love one another . Know that this journey is far more about happiness and fulfillment than about body parts or bathrooms . To Coy 's parents , Kathryn and Jeremy : Doing what 's right for your daughter will make a bigger difference for her , and for others , than you know . And last , do n't forget to hug one another every day . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Donna Rose .	Donna Rose : When a child 's sense of self is nontraditional , people want to "  correct " it Rose : Transgender Coy , 6 , is in every respect a girl , but she ca n't use girls ' bathroom Rose : School should know gender is not body parts , it is who you are to the core Rose realized that to live an authentic life she needed to become a woman
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- The captain of the cruise ship that wrecked off Italy 's western coast will be questioned by authorities Tuesday at a hearing , his attorney said . Francesco Schettino is under arrest and may face charges that include manslaughter , shipwreck , and abandoning a ship when passengers were still on board , according to Italian prosecutor Francesco Verusio . Schettino could face up to 15 years in prison , he said . At the closed hearing , a preliminary investigation judge will decide whether Schettino will remain detained . The captain has not yet been questioned , but more than 100 witnesses , including passengers and crew , have been interviewed , the prosecutor said . The captain 's attorney , Bruno Leporatti , said in a statement Monday that Schettino was "  shattered , dismayed , saddened for the loss of lives and strongly disturbed . " But , he said , Schettino is "  nonetheless comforted by the fact that he maintained during those moments the necessary lucidity to put in place a difficult emergency maneuver ... bringing the ship to shallow waters . " That move , Leporatti said , saved the lives of many passengers and crew members . Italian prosecutors have ruled out a technical error as the cause of the incident , saying the captain was on the bridge at the time and had made a "  grave error . " Overheard on CNN.com : Worst-case scenario strikes Late Monday , the head of Italy 's coast guard said 29 people remained unaccounted for from the partially sunken cruise ship Costa Concordia -- a sharp spike from earlier estimates of the missing . Coast guard chief Marco Brusco said the whereabouts of four crew members and 25 passengers were unknown , Italy 's ANSA news agency reported . Authorities earlier believed that 16 people were unaccounted for . The Costa Concordia hit rocks Friday night just off Italy 's western coast , leading to what passengers described as a chaotic and surreal scene to evacuate and the deaths of at least six people . On Monday , rescue efforts were ongoing in and around the mammoth vessel , which was listing on its side off the island of Giglio . The search had been suspended earlier in the day because the vessel began to move , said the island 's mayor , Sergio Ortelli . Coast Guard spokesman Filippo Marino said efforts had resumed , adding that rescuers will focus on retrieving the body of a man , presumably a passenger , discovered earlier in the day . However , he said the weather forecast has rescuers worried , as it calls for rising winds . The head of the company that owns the ship said Monday he has not given up hope of finding survivors . "  Hope is the last thing to die , " said Costa Cruises chairman and chief executive Pier Luigi Foschi . He addressed journalists at an emotional press conference Monday , apologizing repeatedly for the accident . Prosecutors are examining the ship 's data recorder and expect to have results within days , Verusio said . They are also considering whether others may share responsibility for the crash with the captain . Foschi placed blame for the wreck squarely on the captain , however , saying Schettino had deviated from frequently traveled routes . "  The captain decided to change the route and he went into water that he did not know in advance , " Foschi said . He said the company was limited in its ability to investigate the incident because it did not have the data recorder . Schettino , who has been with Costa since 2002 , had never been involved in an accident before , Foschi said . He downplayed the possibility that alcohol may have played a role in the crash , saying he did not believe Schettino drank , and that all crew were subject to random drug and alcohol tests by Costa Cruises . The company had said earlier that Schettino may have made "  significant " errors that led to the wreck . "  The route of the vessel appears to have been too close to the shore , and the captain 's judgment in handling the emergency appears to have not followed standard Costa procedures , " Costa Cruises said in a statement Sunday . The ship had about 2,300 tons of fuel on board at the time of the wreck , Foschi said Monday , adding that so far there was "  absolutely no evidence of fuel leaking into the sea . " Divers have been searching the skyscraper-sized ship , working underwater in pitch blackness , in hopes of finding the missing . There were roughly 4,200 people on the Costa Concordia when it ran aground . Among those unaccounted for were two Americans . The U.S. State Department identified them Monday as Gerald and Barbara Ann Heil . The U.S. Embassy has requested information from "  anyone with information " regarding the Heils ' whereabouts , the State Department said . The Heils live in White Bear Lake , Minnesota , according to CNN affiliate WCCO , and have four children and 15 grandchildren . Their daughter , Sarah , told CBS Radio in Chicago that the couple was planning to travel after retiring , WCCO said . The disaster 's impact on earnings will cost the ship 's owner at least $ 85 million to $ 95 million in the fiscal year to November , parent company Carnival Corporation said Monday -- not including "  other costs to the business that are not possible to determine at this time . " Foschi said passengers would get "  material compensation for their loss , " but declined to go into details . The ship is expected to be out of service "  for the remainder of the current fiscal year if not longer , " the company said . Schettino joined Costa Cruises as a safety officer in 2002 before being appointed captain four years later , the company said . Even with its admission that mistakes were made , the Genoa-based cruise company defended the ship 's crew in the face of criticism on the part of some passengers , who said the crew appeared helpless and overwhelmed as passengers rushed for lifeboats . "  It is becoming clear that the crew of the Costa Concordia acted bravely and swiftly to help evacuate more than 4,000 individuals during a very challenging situation , " the company said , adding all crew members are trained and the passengers earlier took part in an evacuation drill . Survivors have described the scene -- after the ship hit rocks near Giglio , off the coast of Tuscany , and turned over on its side -- as chaos . "  There was no one taking command , " passenger Lauren Moore told HLN 's Mike Galanos . She said she was having dinner with a group of friends when she heard the crunch of the ship hitting the rock and the crash of plates and glasses falling to the floor . "  It was a terrifying sound and we knew it was n't normal , " she said . Moore ran to her cabin and then to board a lifeboat . "  It was so chaotic ... Everyone was basically fighting for his or her own life , " she said . Some passengers braved the chilly water , with a temperature of about 57 degrees , and swam to safety . Others had no choice and fell in . Nighttime temperatures on Giglio have recently dipped below freezing . Authorities have said at least 20 people were injured , in addition to those killed and missing . There were fears the death toll could rise as rescuers searched the ship , which was nearly 50 % submerged and had a gash in its hull , authorities said . Questions and criticism continue about what caused the shipwreck and the adequacy of the response . Speaking on Italian television , the ship 's captain insisted the rocks that the Concordia hit were not marked on his map . "  On the nautical chart , it was marked just as water , " Schettino said , adding that the ship was about 328 yards  300 meters  from shore . But Coast Guard spokesman Cosimo Nicastro insisted that the waters where the ship ran aground were well-mapped . Local fishermen say the island coast of Giglio is known for its rocky sea floor . Nicastro said the Coast Guard was investigating why the ship took the course it did . "  We know where the ship was , " he said . "  We know it was too close to the island . ... We do n't know why . " Built in 2006 , the Concordia had been on a Mediterranean cruise from Rome with stops in Savona , Marseille , Barcelona , Palma de Mallorca , Cagliari and Palermo . The ship was carrying about 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members when it ran aground . The dead include two elderly people found Sunday , two French tourists and a crew member from Peru , port authorities in Livorno said . One of the victims was a 65-year-old woman who died of a heart attack , authorities said . The Spanish Foreign Ministry named one of the victims Monday as Guillermo Gual Buades , 68 , saying his family had identified him . CNN 's Livia Borghese , Hada Messia , Jim Boulden , Al Goodman and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Captain Francesco Schettino will appear before a judge Tuesday The ship captain 's attorney says he is "  shattered , dismayed , saddened " 25 passengers and 4 crew members remain unaccounted for , the coast guard says Rescue efforts are continuing on the Costa Concordia , where at least 6 have died
Washington  CNN  -- Human error and system lapses , rather than deliberate concealing of information , allowed a terror suspect with explosives to board a U.S.-bound airplane on Christmas Day , President Obama 's terrorism czar said Sunday . John Brennan , the assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " that the security breakdown in the failed bombing of the Northwest Airlines flight was different from the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . "  It 's not like 9/11 , " Brennan said , adding that the "  system did n't work as it should have " due to "  lapses " and "  human error . " "  There was n't an effort to try to conceal information , " he said , referring to the well-chronicled competition and turf wars among security agencies prior to the 2001 attacks , which was later blamed for the failure to prevent them . "  There is no smoking gun piece of intelligence out there , " Brennan said of the failed Christmas bombing , allegedly planned by a Nigerian man who boarded the flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan , with explosives in his underwear . Meanwhile , the Transportation Security Administration announced Sunday new security measures to be implemented by domestic and international air carriers on flights bound for the United States , effective Monday . The suspect 's father , a leading banker in Nigeria , warned U.S. authorities before the attack that his son might be involved with Islamic extremists . Brennan said the father 's information was part of "  bits and pieces " of information that were never connected by intelligence officials to properly target the suspect . "  That was certainly an alert that came to our attention , " Brennan said of the father 's warnings . "  He said , ` He 's consorting with extremists in Yemen . ' " However , Brennan rejected another potential warning sign -- that the suspect purchased the airline ticket with cash in Ghana before traveling to Nigeria for the first leg of his journey . "  A lot of people buy their tickets in Africa with cash . That is the way , in fact , things are done , because there 's so much fraud there . So that was n't a necessary -LSB- warning -RSB- bell , " Brennan said . "  People in the Amsterdam airport did n't even know that he had bought the ticket for cash . He did bring on carry-on luggage . So there were a lot of things that were out there . " At the same time , Brennan conceded "  there was information that was in the system that should have allowed us to stop it . " "  A number of pieces were out there that were n't brought together , " Brennan said . On the same program , however , the Republican chairman of the 9/11 commission said Brennan was "  wrong when he says this was n't like 9/11 . " Thomas Kean , a former governor of New Jersey , said both events occurred because the U.S. intelligence community failed to piece together various bits of information it already possessed in the weeks and months prior to the attacks . If the information had been properly shared and analyzed , "  then this guy would 've never have gotten on a plane " on Christmas Day , Kean said . In announcing the new security measures Sunday , the TSA stressed in a statement that "  effective aviation security must begin beyond our borders . " As a result , any individual flying into the United States who is "  traveling from or through nations that are state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest will be required to go through enhanced screening , " the statement said . "  The directive also increases the use of enhanced screening technologies and mandates threat-based and random screening for passengers on U.S. bound international flights . "	John Brennan : "  System did n't work as it should have " due to "  lapses " and "  human error " Suspect 's cash payment for airfare "  was n't a necessary -LSB- warning -RSB- bell , " says Brennan Thomas Kean of 9/11 panel says Brennan "  wrong when he says this was n't like 9/11 " CNN iReport : Tell us about your airport security experiences
Idaho Falls , Idaho  CNN  -- Forget , for the moment , about computer whiz kids who download copyrighted music for free . Forget , too , about sophisticated hackers who can steal identities . Focus instead on the next wave of potential computer miscreants -- criminals who can penetrate corporate computer systems to turn valves , start pumps or surge power at factories or electrical plants . They might even be able to hit chemical facilities . Those folks are on the minds of the researchers at the Idaho National Laboratory , where the federal government regularly trains industry leaders on how to protect critical infrastructure from cyberattacks . In the not-so-distant past , instructors here say , security officials relied on the "  3 Gs " -- guns , gates and guards -- to protect infrastructure from intrusions . But increasingly mechanical systems inside those gates are being linked to computers and controlled via networks and cyberspace . That has left industrial control systems vulnerable to attack . CNN : Hackers take aim at real-world targets To demonstrate the vulnerability , the Department of Homeland Security and Idaho National Laboratory in Idaho Falls recently showed reporters a cyberattack on a mock-up of a chemical facility . In the exercise , a small group of "  Red Team " attackers staged an assault on the chemical plant . A larger group of "  Blue Team " defenders sought to protect that mock-up building , which was constructed of barrel-size containers of water connected by pipes and pumps such as those found in chemical plants . The exercise used concepts that are relevant in the real world . Among them : Exploiting corporate trust The Red Team attackers , looking for access to the computer network , do n't look for direct access to the control systems they covet . They know the vulnerability is elsewhere -- most likely in the executive offices of the fictitious chemical company . Executives frequently have access to internal computers networks , so they 'll have timely access to information about productivity , output and information important to the market . They also frequently have access , perhaps indirectly , to networks that link to control systems . Assailants know they can "  exploit the trust relationship . " Getting a toehold into a system In the Idaho exercise , Red Team members get a toehold by phishing , a tactic also used by hackers to steal financial or other information . They send an e-mail that appears to be from a friend or a legitimate organization to a representative , which contains malicious software and which opens a link between the sender 's computer and the corporate computer . Subverting a system 's security Having established a toehold on the chemical company 's computer , the Red Team discovers a surveillance camera in the chemical plant 's control room . The camera , intended to safeguard the chemical plant , can now be turned against it . The Red Team can use the camera to observe the plant 's staffing levels or zoom in on control panels and mechanical devices , gathering information that will help them in their attack . And once the attack is launched , they can each watch their opponent 's response . The ` man in the middle ' In sophisticated attacks , the Red Team can even insert itself between the machine and the machine 's operator . The team can control the amount of water through a pump , while indicating to the machine 's operator that everything remains normal . Red Team-Blue Team exercises typically last between eight to 12 hours , and are followed by a "  hot wash " in which a "  White Team " analyzes the attack and reviews ways to prevent attacks and respond to them . Fears of online intrusions on industrial control systems are not theoretical . In a then-classified 2007 demonstration at Idaho , experimenters using computer inputs altered a large electric power generator , causing it to self-destruct . The experiment , known as "  Aurora , " was the first demonstration that attackers could not only turn a mechanical device on or off but could destroy it . Then in 2010 , a computer worm known as Stuxnet was discovered after it spread indiscriminately but is believed to have targeted equipment used by Iran to enrich uranium . The source of the worm has not been identified . Department of Homeland Security officials say attacks on industrial systems are occurring . Attackers are "  kicking on the doors " of industrial systems , said Greg Schaffer , acting deputy under secretary of the department 's National Protection and Programs Directorate .	Officials in Idaho train for cyberattacks that could affect the real world Hackers could target chemical plants , factories , water treatment centers Mechanical systems are increasingly linked to computers , making them vulnerable
CNN  Golf 's landscape has changed in myriad ways since Tiger Woods launched his design business in 2006 . Back then he was the game 's bulldozer , barging inferior players out of the way in an all-out assault to overhaul Jack Nicklaus ' tally of 18 majors and cement his title as the best of all time . Tiger Woods Design was supposed to form another facet of his burgeoning legacy ; a series of lasting monuments to augment his immense standing within golf . Except the best laid plans of men often go awry . Woods has n't won a major since the scandal that engulfed his private life in 2008 and only now , nearly a decade on from the inception of his design arm , is one of his plots open for business . With the verdict still out on whether he can recapture that magical form , and fatherhood having altered his outlook on life , the concept of legacy is very much back on the agenda . "  My goal is to design a limited number of distinct and memorable golf courses , " Woods told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  I hope that one day the courses I design will become a lasting contribution to the game that has given me so much . " Architects forever talk about "  moving earth " when it comes to course layout , and the sands have undoubtedly shifted under Woods ' feet . After locking down 14 majors in a nine-year spell , the former world No. 1  and current No. 47  has just five top 10 finishes in them across the last five injury-hit seasons . The benefits of those spells in rehab has been more time to dedicate to design , culminating in Woods ' first opening at Cabo San Lucas in Mexico just before Christmas . And though there might have been an eight-year wait for his first completed course , which has been well received , the second should be along within eight months . It will represent an important landmark too -- his first opening in the United States , at Bluejack National in Houston . The fact that Woods ' design operation is finally laying down roots across the Americas has taken on an extra significance , with his kids now of an age when they can start to play alongside their all-star dad . "  He 's obviously won a whole bunch of tournaments and major championships , and they remain very important to him , " says Michael Abbott , partner of Beacon Land Development -- the company that 's building Bluejack National 's course -- and a friend of Woods for over 20 years . "  But to be able to take his kids Charlie and Sam to a golf course he 's done is also very important to him . " Abbott agrees that a large slice of Tiger Woods Design is about legacy . "  I think so . I think he 's very proud and he wants to share that with not only those close to him but also everybody else . "  To say this is what I 've learned and this is my creativity and now I 'm putting it on the ground for you to see . " Perhaps unsurprisingly , the junior Woods are showing early signs of promise , much to the delight of their proud father . "  I saw as much of his son Charlie 's swing as I did of his over the time we spent together  at the opening of the El Cardonal course in Mexico  , " Abbott explained . "  He 'd say ` Come look at this -- this is the way I want to swing right here . ' "  Tiger talks about the old days when he and his father used to go and play the short course in California and how the short course at Bluejack reminds him of that -- the ability for young girls and boys to come out and play and challenge themselves but also have pure fun . "  He also built junior tees into the course at Bluejack -- that tells you everything . " Woods , who began his 2015 season in Phoenix on Thursday , is still active in his pursuit of Nicklaus ' bumper haul of major titles . But he wo n't be trying to match the prolific nature of "  The Golden Bear " when it comes to rolling courses off the production line at an exponential rate . The majority of Nicklaus Design 's 380 properties are in the U.S. while others are dotted around the globe in far flung places such as China , Russia , Nicaragua , Japan , Costa Rica and New Zealand . Woods ' dedication to recapturing the heights he reached in the early part of the decade prevent him from taking on too much but even after he retires , he insists he 'll only pick projects that mean something to him . "  Golf course design has always been something that I have been interested in , " Woods , who attempted his first design for a magazine competition aged nine , explained . "  It was n't until my 10th year on tour , after having success on different types of courses all over the world , that I had the knowledge and experience to start Tiger Woods Design . "  I see it continuing to be very selective , looking for only the best sites and partners to work with , even after my golf career slows down . " That the fruits of Woods ' design labor are only starting to emerge has much to do with the financial downturn of 2008 . Several projects have been on the table for some time ; The Cliffs in North Carolina and Punta Brava in Mexico are yet to yield a completion date . A much-trumpeted project in Dubai was shelved in 2011 due to funding problems , though Woods recently announced he was teaming up with Donald Trump for another go at building in the Emirate . And while he has been enlisted to build another course at Cabo San Lucas , one industry expert thinks Woods needs to go further if his design arm is to enhance his standing in the game . "  I ca n't see Tiger 's design business affecting his legacy unless he gets a project that really moves the dial , " Adam Lawrence , editor of Golf Course Architecture magazine , told CNN . "  Either a site where he and his team can build something that is universally viewed as one of the best courses in the world -- which presupposes they have the ability to do so , something that has n't be proven yet -- or alternatively they do something that has a real impact on golf 's development . "  With the best will in the world , you do n't change golf by building extremely expensive resort courses in Cabo , an ultra-high end residential project in Houston or a monster expensive course to be run by Donald Trump in Dubai . " Lawrence also believes Woods might also benefit -- not just himself , but also the game of golf itself -- by looking at designing a course in the BRIC countries . "  I would like to see Tiger take on a low budget project in an emerging market , " he added . "  A Tiger-branded course in India , or Brazil -- but a proper , public access , cheap golf course and not a fancy housing development -- could really impact on how golf grows in that market . " Those projects in developing nations may well come down the line but listening to Woods , it is clear he believes Bluejack National could enter the pantheon of great U.S. courses when it opens for business . "  Bluejack National has one of the best natural settings for golf I have seen , " he said . "  With its changes in elevation , the beautiful pines and hardwoods , Bluejack National is reminiscent of the pinelands of Georgia and the Carolinas . "  The opportunity is here to create a golf course unlike any other in the Houston area , and our goal is for it to be among the best in the nation . " Due for completion in October , Woods has been making regular visits to the site near the small town of Montgomery in Texas . Abbott says he has been struck by Woods ' willingness to take other opinions on board and how in tune he is with those players at the other end of the skill spectrum to himself . "  Bluejack National is spectacular and I think it 's incredibly special that this is his first course in the United States , " Abbott said . "  When I first talked to Tiger he mentioned the playability ; this one cut of turf , how you create great vistas and how all levels of players can find some success . "  When Tiger Woods goes in , he goes all the way . He does n't do anything half way , he 's an all-in guy and that 's reflected in his work ethic on and off the course . "  This is important to him -- he feels like he 's designing golf courses that will be meaningful because it will encourage people to play the game . "  At Bluejack he 's taken it to an even further level where he 's designed this playground section , a nine-hole short course that is spectacular . He 's also designed four little loops that help if you only had an hour or two to play . "  Not only is he tackling golf course design from the angle of making it playable he 's also tackling it from people 's time commitments to be able to play , whether it is someone who wants a couple hours on the course , a corporate person entertaining a guest or a father and daughter . "  He 's taken time investment and really put it into his design so you ask ` Is the guy in tune ? ' When a designer thinks that way I think he 's in tune . " Still , any jobbing golfer standing on the first tee of a Woods-designed course could be forgiven for sweating with a mixture of fear and reverence . Woods ' litany of career titles have been secured on a collection of the world 's most fiendish courses , giving him ample ammunition when it came to sketching out his own ideas . But his emphasis on "  playability " essentially says to the amateur -- ` I 've got your back . ' "  I have played enough pro-ams over the years to know not every golfer is a scratch handicap , " Woods said . "  Designing golf courses that players of all skill levels find enjoyable is very important to me . The biggest compliment that a designer can receive is if a golfer ca n't wait to play his golf course again . " Abbott is happy to talk legacy , but he 's also keen to stress that Woods still has plenty left in his playing locker . Having watched him take on a collection of journalists during the opening of El Cardonal , Abbott says Woods ' swing has its "  speed and power back . " "  I 'm absolutely backing Tiger to bag some more majors , " he said , ominously . "  It 's exciting to see him play this way . "  He 's determined . The appetite is still there -- it 's like he 's never eaten before . "	Tiger Woods ' design business is to form a significant part of the golfer 's legacy Despite starting the company in 2006 his first course opened in December 2014 Woods first course in the United States is due to open in Houston in October
London , England  CNN  -- Britain is about to have a massive expansion in renewable energy after awarding licenses for nine offshore wind farms Friday . The energy generated from the new wind farms will provide a quarter of Britain 's electricity needs by 2020 , according to the Crown Estate , which awarded the contracts . Companies had bid for the right to build wind farms in nine zones around Britain , from the English Channel to the North Sea off Scotland . The successful bidders must now plan their projects and receive approval before they can build . "  Our island has one of the best wind energy resources in Europe and today 's news shows we 're creating the right conditions for the energy industry to invest in harnessing it , " said British Energy Secretary Ed Miliband . The wind farms will be able to offer 32 gigawatts , or about a quarter of Britain 's electricity needs , said Roger Bright , chief executive of the Crown Estate . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said the expansion could provide as many as 70,000 jobs by 2020 . He promised to remove any barriers to rapid development . The Crown Estate belongs to the queen and is one of the largest property owners in the United Kingdom . It pays its entire revenue to the British Treasury . It owns half of the United Kingdom 's foreshore , 55 percent of tidal river beds and estuaries , and almost the entire seabed out to 12-nautical-mile territorial limit . Under the Energy Act of 2004 , the Crown Estate can also issue leases for development beyond the territorial limit , out to 200 nautical miles . Friday 's announcement is "  the biggest tender for renewables ever , " said Antonio Mexia , chairman of EDP Renovaveis , a Portuguese company that won a license to build in the Moray Firth , off Scotland 's eastern coast . "  This is about delivering a whole new industry for the U.K. , one that provides sustainable , secure , and indigenous power as well as tens of thousands of new jobs throughout the supply chain , " said Eddie O'Connor , the chief executive of Irish company Mainstream Renewable Power . Mainstream , together with Germany 's Siemens Project Ventures , won the license to build off Hornsea , on England 's eastern coast .	New wind farms to provide 25 percent of UK 's electricity needs Prime Minister Gordon Brown says project could provide 70,000 jobs New wind farms will be built in nine zones around the country
CNN  -- Eighteen-year-old Kaitlyn Hunt , charged with a crime for having sex with a 14-year-old girl , rejected a deal Friday that would have required her to plead guilty to child abuse , according to Hunt 's attorney . Hunt was charged with two felony counts of lewd and lascivious battery after the parents of the 14-year-old went to authorities . Hunt 's family says their relationship was consensual , but in Florida a person under the age of 16 is not legally able to give consent to sex . If Hunt is convicted , she could go to prison for 15 years -- a reality that touched off a maelstrom of controversy across the country this past week . The case became widely known when Hunt 's family began an online campaign in defense of their daughter . The plea deal from the Indian River County prosecutor 's office would have required Hunt to plead no contest to child abuse , spend two years "  on community control , " which usually involves strict supervision , followed by one year of probation . According to the plea deal document , during her probation , Hunt would have had to agree to stay away from the 14-year-old , and to provide her probation officer with immediate access to her Internet and telephone communication . Read the report , offer In a statement saying that Hunt was rejecting the plea deal , her attorney , Julia Graves , wrote : "  This is a situation of two teenagers who happen to be of the same sex involved in a relationship . If this case involved a boy and girl , there would be no media attention to this case . "  Our client is a model citizen . She has been placed in an environment of school with her classmates where they go to school together , have lunch together , and play on the same team and are allowed to have communication and contact without barriers . Then when something develops between the two as a result of this environment created by the state , it leads to criminal prosecution . " "  If this incident occurred 108 days earlier when she was 17 , we would n't even be here , " the attorney wrote . The parents of the young girl Friday evening said they are prepared to go forward with the case . His daughter 's innocence was taken away , Jim Smith told CNN affiliate WPEC . "  There deserves some type of punishment for that . " The office of State Attorney Bruce Colton said it tendered an "  extremely lenient plea offer in this case which would have ensured that the defendant avoided any term of incarceration and the stigma of being labeled a sex offender . "  In fact , in all probability the defendant would have avoided being a convicted felon , " the statement continued . Colton will prepare for a mid-July trial . Earlier this week , Hunt cried in front of news crews . "  I 'm scared of losing my life , the rest of my life , " she said , "  not being able to go to college or be around kids , be around my sisters and my family . " In response , Charles Sullivan Jr. , the attorney for the 14-year-old girl 's family , said they had been hoping the case would be resolved by now . Now the 14-year-old girl may have to take the witness stand if the case goes to court , Sullivan said . "  No parent wants their child to have to testify in court , but unfortunately the reality of our system is we have a system where a defendant has the right to have all the witnesses present . It 's just the aspect of our law , " Sullivan said . "  It 's a difficult process but it 's a necessary process in our system of justice . " A case catches fire on Facebook The case has been a lightning rod for controversy after Hunt 's family went public on Facebook , describing their daughter 's case and essentially accusing the victim 's family of going after their daughter because she is gay . The victim 's family said that is n't true ; they are only trying to protect their 14-year-old . The American Civil Liberties Union has spoken out in defense of Hunt and an online petition by Change.org had attracted some 279,000 signatures by Friday evening . They say the punishment does not equal the crime . Despite the online furor , a case like this is n't all that unusual , said David LaBahn , president of the Association of Prosecuting Attorneys , a national professional group . "  Prosecutors get these kinds of cases all the time , and it 's almost always parents who come to them saying that something like this has happened , " said LaBahn , who worked as a trial attorney in California for 10 years and focused on prosecuting sex crimes for four years . The amount of difference between the alleged perpetrator 's age and the victim 's age weighs heavily in whether a prosecutor moves forward on a case , he said . "  If you had an 18 - and 17-year-old , there may be some investigation , " he said . "  If the 17-year-old says it was consensual , that would probably be the end of it and you would n't have charges . " But in this case , 18 and 14 is a wide gap , he said . "  According to law in Florida , this is a crime . " It does n't matter -- and should n't matter -- what people in an online community who do n't have the investigative details of a case believe , he said . He drew a comparison to the Jodi Arias case currently under way in Arizona . Many people -- even those on the jury -- said they could n't conceive how a petite woman who claimed she 'd been the victim of domestic violence could repeatedly stab her boyfriend , as she admits doing . "  As a prosecutor you can not be influenced by anything other than the facts , " he said . While some have suggested this case is being handled differently because it involves two females , Indian River County Sheriff Deryl Loar said that has nothing to do with it . "  If this was an 18-year-old male and that was a 14-year-old girl , it would have been prosecuted the same way , " he said . Parents of girl , 14 , say they are protecting her At trial , the prosecutor is likely to try to put on witnesses who can show that the 14-year-old was damaged psychologically by engaging in sex at such a young age , and that she would n't have normally done such a thing . In an earlier interview with CNN affiliate WPEC , Jim and Laurie Smith insisted that the girls ' gender has nothing to do with the case . They are concerned about ages . "  Our daughter was 14 , and this girl was 18 , " said Jim Smith . According to the Smiths , they twice warned Hunt to stop . "  I had another adult , who is a mother , she came to me and said , ` Ms. Smith , you need to know this . ' She said , ` We told Ms. Hunt to leave your daughter alone but they are in a relationship . And , she 's 18 . ' " Laurie Smith said she was shocked . Her daughter was just too young , she thought . The 14-year-old began to act out , the Smiths told WPEC . Then one weekend morning the Smiths went to their daughter 's bedroom and discovered she was missing . They panicked , thinking someone took their daughter or that she was hurt . "  Her running away was the furthest thing from our mind , " said Jim Smith . "  We thought ... you hear about kids getting abducted from their homes . " But they later learned that Hunt had picked their daughter up , they told WPEC . "  We had no other alternative but to turn to the law , use it basically as a last resort , " Jim Smith said . Bloggers have called Laurie Smith a gay basher and accused her of being abusive to her daughter . Numerous news reports have asked whether the Smiths went after the teen because of her sexual orientation . But Smith says her goal is to protect her 14-year-old , and she will not relent . "  I will be an advocate of what she needs , " the mother told WPEC . "  The stories that people are saying ... I love my daughter . ... I 'm willing to do whatever to protect her . " "  This whole story about you blaming Kate for making your daughter gay ... where did that come from ? " a reporter asked the parents . "  I do n't know . It did n't come from us . That 's not how we feel , " Jim Smith answered . Still , Hunt 's supporters say she is being prosecuted because she was in a sexual relationship with someone of the same sex . A Facebook support page the Hunt family set up called "  Free Kate " has gathered more than 47,000 names . Not everyone who is posting online might have the facts of the case . A glance at postings on Facebook and Twitter show that some people are getting the ages of the girls wrong . Others have posted erroneously that Hunt is being prosecuted for numerous other charges . Regardless , everyone seems upset about the effect a felony child abuse conviction would have on Hunt , if she agreed to the plea deal . LaBahn told CNN that a felony child abuse conviction would mean that Hunt would have to disclose her felony conviction on employment applications and she could never serve on a jury . She would be prohibited from voting for a period of time , though each state has different time frames for that rule , the attorney said . She may not be able to secure student loans either , he said , and she might not be allowed to adopt or obtain a childcare license . Graves , Hunt 's attorney , had earlier asked that the charges be reduced to a misdemeanor . "  This is a life sentence for behavior that is all too common , whether male , female , gay , straight , " Graves said at a Wednesday news conference . "  High school relationships may be fleeting , " she said , "  but felony convictions are forever . " CNN 's Sara Ganim and Kim Segal contributed to this report .	Prosecutor says plea offer "  extremely lenient " Florida teen has rejected deal Authorities : Charges are not related to the sexual orientation of the teens 14-year-old 's parents : We are trying to protect our daughter
CNN  -- The key to President Barack Obama 's triumphant performance in Monday night 's debate was not his command of the facts , his well-crafted answers or his cutting comeback lines . It was one thing : the stone cold , laser-like stare Obama shot his opponent when Mitt Romney was answering questions . I call it "  Obama-stare " -- but unlike Obamacare , this Obama plan may not be good for your health . For those , like me , who watch the other candidate closely when his opponent is answering a question , the contrast between Obama and Romney 's reactions was like comparing Darth Vader with Honey Boo Boo . Romney 's look vacillated between forced smiles to that of a person whose stomach was alarmingly churning and was worried he would n't make it to the bathroom in time . But Obama pinned Romney with the look -- Obama-stare . It 's not a look we saw at the previous debates .  Of course , Obama did n't even attend the first one . Opinion : Obama in command ; Romney plays it safe Obama-stare resembles the grimace that Wyatt Earp might have had on his face moments before guns were drawn at the famed gunfight at the OK Corral . Or even Clint Eastwood 's classic scowl in his "  Dirty Harry " movies just before shooting a bad guy -- not to be confused with the look he recently gave to an empty chair . The Obama-stare is more than just a laser-like game face -- apparently it causes people to agree with him on issue after issue . Obama-stare is more akin to Obi-Wan Kenobi 's use of the Jedi mind trick , or vampires on "  True Blood " glamouring someone into saying exactly what they want to hear . Romney agreed with Obama so often I thought Mitt was going to endorse him . How else can anyone explain why Romney -- who is highly critical of Obama 's foreign policy when he is out on the campaign trail -- would agree with the president on issue after issue when placed in the same room ? Romney appeared as if he was n't vying for commander in chief as much as for "  agree-er in chief . " For starters , Romney praised Obama regarding Osama bin Laden : "  I congratulate him on taking out Osama bin Laden and going after the leadership in al Qaeda . " Romney then agreed with Obama 's policy regarding Egypt during the Arab Spring : "  I believe , as the president indicated , and said at the time that I supported his -- his action there . " Opinion : Romney endorses Obama 's national security policies Romney continued his "  I agree with Obama " tour with regard to Israel : "  I want to underscore the same point the president made , which is that if I 'm president of the United States ... we will stand with Israel . " And on the Obama administration 's use of drones , Romney agreed some more : "  I support that and entirely , and feel the president was right to up the usage of that technology . ... " Romney also concurred with the president on employing a host of tough sanctions against Iran .  But I wish he would 've said he would impose "  a binder full of sanctions . "  And Romney agreed with Obama that at this time , he would not call for the deployment of U.S. military personnel into Syria to stop the bloody conflict there . True , there were some disagreements . But those were mostly in the area of domestic policy , which oddly dominated the middle portion of the foreign policy debate . Thankfully , moderator Bob Schieffer finally regained control and returned the candidates to foreign policy . I can only assume someone texted Schieffer the words "  Jim Lehrer . " I 'm sure there will be those who fault Romney for agreeing so often with Obama instead of articulating a stark contrast on foreign policy . But it was truly refreshing to see a Democrat and Republican actually agreeing on issues . Opinion : Was Obama too relentless with Romney ? Now , if the president can just figure out how to use Obama-stare on the entire Congress , maybe then we would see Congress get something done . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : President 's secret debate weapon was laser-like stare he shot Romney Obeidallah : Romney 's look turned from forced smiles to that of someone who 's really queasy He says the stare 's power seemed to make Romney agree with Obama over and over If Obama could train the stare on Congress , he says , maybe something would get done
CNN  -- A Supreme Court justice Thursday night suggested the legality of National Security Agency activities could be decided by the court . Three days after Pulitzers were awarded to newspapers that revealed the NSA 's surveillance activities , Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg deflected a question about Edward Snowden , who leaked NSA data . When asked , "  Do you believe that Snowden is a whistleblower or a traitor ? " Ginsburg , who was joined by Justice Antonin Scalia , told an audience at the National Press Club in Washington that she could not say . "  It 's also possible , is it not , " she said , "  that the question you raise could come before the court . And we are not at liberty to preview . " If Snowden is extradited to the United States and charged with federal crimes for his leaks , his case could come before the court . In June of 2013 , The Guardian and The Washington Post published reports that revealed the NSA 's bulk collection of U.S. citizens ' phone records and other clandestine surveillance activities . That sparked a firestorm concerning Fourth Amendment protections for U.S. citizens from "  unreasonable searches and seizures " and the issue of where that protection weighs in the balance between national security and personal privacy . On Thursday , the two justices were asked whether The Post deserved the highest accolade in journalism , a gold medal for public service administered by Columbia University in New York City for nearly 100 years . Obama , Congress working on changes to NSA Scalia said he had "  no idea " why The Post was awarded the Pulitzer Prize . In a Washingtonian 's slight at a newspaper that 's sometimes seen as liberal , Scalia said , "  I do n't read The Post . " "  So I have no idea what they got the prize for , " he said , prompting knowing laughter from the press club . Ginsburg said that it 's "  a question that the journalists in this audience are much better equipped to answer than I am . " Also on Thursday , Snowden , who is in Russia , asked Russian President Vladimir Putin about surveillance activities in his country . In an annual question-and-answer program broadcast on state television , Putin held court for nearly four hours . "  Does Russia intercept , store , analyze in any way the communications of individuals ? " Snowden asked him in a phone call . "  We do not allow ourselves to do this . And , we will never allow this . We do not have the money or the means to do that , " answered Putin . "  The most important thing is we have a special service that 's thankfully under strict state control . " In March of last year , U.S. Sen. Ron Wyden , D-Oregon , asked a similar question of the director of national intelligence . "  Does the NSA collect any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans ? " he asked James R. Clapper . Clapper responded , "  No , sir ... not wittingly . " He later clarified his remarks . On Russian TV , Snowden asks Putin about Moscow surveillance Stories about NSA surveillance , Snowden leaks win Pulitzers for two news groups Snowden speaks at SXSW , calls for public oversight of U.S. spy programs	Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Antonin Scalia speak before the National Press Club When asked about the Snowden case , Ginsburg says justices "  are not at liberty to preview " If NSA leaker Edward Snowden is charged with federal crimes , the court could hear his case
CNN  -- With an awesome four-goal display from striker Robert Lewandowski in the first leg of their semifinal last year , Borussia Dortmund all but knocked Real Madrid out of the Champions League . On Wednesday when the teams met again in the first leg of the quarterfinals , it was Real Madrid 's turn to inflict a heavy defeat and realistically seal a spot in the next round . And two men jeered by their own supporters last weekend played a key role , Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale . Both scored -- Ronaldo tied the single season record with his 14th goal before leaving due to injury -- as Los Blancos thumped an under-strength Dortmund 3-0 at Madrid 's Bernabeu stadium . Dortmund pulled off a miracle victory in the 2013 quarterfinals against Malaga and it looks like only a similar scenario would see Jurgen Klopp 's men progress . "  It 's a magnificent result , " Isco , the other Madrid goal scorer , told Spanish television . "  We are pleased with the 3-0 , above all for not conceding a goal . "  It 's a big step towards a place in the semifinals . " In a battle of two clubs rejuvenated thanks to mega wealthy owners , Paris Saint-Germain added to Chelsea 's woes by prevailing 3-1 in Wednesday 's other quarterfinal . Klopp called Real Madrid the "  overwhelming " favorite with his team missing among others the suspended Lewandowski , Neven Subotic , Ilkay Gundogan and Jakub Blaszczykowski -- and it did n't take long for the home team to prove him right . Bale , the world 's most expensive player , poked the ball past Roman Weidenfeller in the third minute . Following a spell where Dortmund managed to contain Real Madrid -- Weidenfeller did , though , keep out Ronaldo 's free kick -- Isco 's low finish in the 27th minute doubled the advantage and the record nine-time tournament champion cruised to the interval . Isco , in the Malaga side ousted by Dortmund , only started because of an illness to winger Angel di Maria . Klopp got a response early in the second half but Dortmund fans must have been ruing the absence of Lewandowski even more . Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Henrik Mkhitaryan missed chances , then Ronaldo got the crucial third from close range in the 57th minute . His 14 goals equal Barcelona rival Lionel Messi 's output in 2011/2012 and Jose Altafini 's European Cup mark for AC Milan in 1962/63 . Defender Pepe 's sliding block prevented Dortmund from getting a goal back . In the lone worry for Real Madrid , Ronaldo was substituted with what appeared to be a leg injury in the 80th minute . Paris Saint-Germain , running away with the French league title , won its 10th game in succession in all competitions . Chelsea , meanwhile , suffered another defeat after a surprise 1-0 loss to Crystal Palace last weekend . The Blues were displaced atop the Premier League by Liverpool . Ezequiel Lavezzi pounced after a poor defensive clearance from John Terry in the third minute -- it was the normally reliable Terry who netted an own goal against Palace . Chelsea , starting without a recognized striker , drew level when the referee ruled Thiago Silva brought down his fellow Brazilian Oscar . Eden Hazard converted for 1-1 from the spot in the 27th minute but David Luiz 's own goal in the 61st gave Paris Saint-Germain the lead . With an away goal , that score probably would n't have been daunting for Chelsea ahead of the second leg . But Javier Pastore beat Petr Cech deep in injury time to alter the complexion of the tie . "  The third goal was ridiculous , " Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho told Sky Sports . "  But we played against a great side full of great players , especially the attackers . "  It 's a difficult job now but not impossible , nothing is impossible in football . But they have players who out of nothing can score goals , we are not a team full of talent who can score lots of goals . " PSG , however , saw talisman Zlatan Ibrahimovic limp off in the second half . Before the game , police told CNN there was a fight between Chelsea and PSG supporters and that one was slightly injured . No one was arrested , police added . In Tuesday 's games , Barcelona and Atletico Madrid drew 1-1 while defending champion Bayern Munich was held to a 1-1 draw at Manchester United .	Real Madrid beats Borussia Dortmund 3-0 in the Champions League quarterfinals Cristiano Ronaldo equals the record for most Champions League goals in a season Gareth Bale also scores for Real Madrid in the comprehensive first-leg victory Paris Saint-Germain defeats Chelsea 3-1 in Wednesday 's other quarterfinal in Paris
CNN  -- A 16-year-old North Carolina girl who disappeared while visiting family in Baltimore continues to be the object of an intense search by authorities , who now say they fear she was abducted or harmed . "  We are enormously concerned , " Baltimore police spokesman Anthony J. Guglielmi said Friday . "  Every day that passes we get more and more freaked out . " Phylicia Barnes , a Charlotte , North Carolina , resident who was in Baltimore to visit her college-age half-sister , was last seen December 28 , after saying she was going out to get something to eat and maybe a haircut , Guglielmi said . As recently as Tuesday , police said they had no evidence that foul play was involved in her disappearance . But now they say she has not made contact with friends or family , and has n't turned on her cell phone , used an ATM or updated her social media sites since she disappeared . The FBI did a profile on the girl and found no reason she would run away , Guglielmi said . She is a good student with no emotional disturbances in her life , he said . "  The fact set of this case is different than anything else we 've seen , " he said . More than 100 Baltimore police , Maryland State Police troopers and FBI agents have been working around the clock to find out what happened to Barnes , Guglielmi said . Police have questioned a dozen people believed to have had contact with her in the hours before she disappeared , and have searched the homes and cars of some of those people , he said . They also have collected 40 hours of video from surveillance cameras at nearby businesses and apartment buildings , but neither those videos nor searches conducted in two locations have helped give investigators any leads , Guglielmi said . On Thursday , they turned to posting billboards along I-95 in hope of gathering information about the girl 's fate . "  What 's going to break this thing wide open is that somebody , whether it 's  in  Kansas or Canada , is going to say , wait a minute , I just saw her in a diner , " Guglielmi said Friday . "  That 's in the best case . " Although Guglielmi said there was no evidence of illegal drug use at the apartment , the girl 's mother , Janice Sallis , said she has been told the girl may have been allowed to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana at her half-sister 's apartment , according to CNN and CNN affiliate WSOC . Sallis said she had been told up to 20 men had come and gone while her daughter was there . "  I pray to God that my daughter is fine and she 'll be found safe , " Barnes ' father , Russell Barnes , told CNN affiliate WBAL . "  I hope people keep praying as high as they can and understand that this should n't happen to any child anywhere in this country . " Anyone with information on Barnes ' disappearance can call 855-223-0033 .	NEW : Baltimore police "  more and more freaked out "  about girl 's disappearance NEW : Dozens of interviews and 40 hours of video have yielded no clues Barnes disappeared December 28 ; police fear she may have been harmed or abducted Authorities are posting billboards along I-95 in search of leads
CNN  -- Memo to all of the Richard Sherman apologists : Stifle . This talented yet insufferable defensive back for the Seattle Seahawks is n't the 21st-century version of Malcolm , Martin or Medgar . So you should quit your hand-wringing , and between now and the Super Bowl in a couple of weeks , you should remember that Sherman put himself into this position of getting blasted in so many ways . Mostly , when it comes to either screaming or whispering racism these days , you should find a more worthy cause . This is n't it . You should turn your attention to Valdosta , Georgia , where authorities are claiming up is down , water is n't wet and a 17-year-old black athlete suffocated to death after he "  accidentally " rolled himself up in a wrestling mat at his high school . How about those ugly numbers involved with income inequality ? That affects people of color more than anybody . According to a study released this week from British humanitarian group Oxfam International , the world 's richest 85 people have as much wealth as the poorest 3 billion . And , goodness knows , most stop-and-frisk victims are darker than Rush Limbaugh . As for this Sherman thing , puhleeze . I mean , if you decide to look and sound like a crazy person on national television , you likely will receive a bunch of responses from yahoos that wo n't be kind . Sherman : Rant was ` immature , ' reaction ` mind-boggling ' Those yahoos will view you as the yahoo . That 's not to excuse the use of racial epithets against Sherman . And to his credit , he apologized  with a mighty push from Seahawks coach Pete Carroll  for his rant on Sunday after his Seahawks reached the Super Bowl in the final seconds when he tipped away a potential game-winning pass to his arch-nemesis , Michael Crabtree , a star wide receiver for the San Francisco 49ers . Sherman celebrated the moment by getting in a verbal spat with Crabtree , delivering the choke sign toward the 49ers bench and telling a Fox reporter on live television ... well , it was n't good . So here 's the bottom line surrounding all things Sherman : Nobody with a clue needs to watch his apologists flash frowns of concern before saying why they believe he is misunderstood . They say he really is an intelligent guy working on his masters at his undergraduate school of Stanford . They say he is doing much of his trash talking before the nearest camera , microphone or reporter 's notepad only for show . They say this is another example of why the rest of us just need to loosen up , because despite the way it appears  you know , that Sherman is absolutely out of control and needs a good spanking  , he is being persecuted as a 25-year-old black male with dreadlocks trying to keep it real . Yeah , well . Sherman 's persona is dangerous , along with the shallow-thinking folks who support him and his ever-flapping tongue . Here we are , 21 years after one of the most unfortunate commercials of all times , and many folks still have n't learned that Charles Barkley blew it . Back then , when he was a player for the Phoenix Suns instead of the analyst that he has become for NBA telecasts and other entities , Barkley looked into a camera for Nike to deliver six infamous words : "  I am not a role model . " Well , there were lot of things wrong with that . For one , we all are role models -- regardless of intellect , occupation , age , creed , color , education , gender and social or economic status . Whether we like it or not , somebody always is studying us . And the more visibility we have in life , especially when it comes to the fields of athletics and entertainment , the more responsibility we have to present ourselves in a way that will influence others for the positive . I know what Barkley said he was trying to say . He said he was trying to say youth in general and black youth in particular should n't look at athletes as their role models . He was trying to say they should try to emulate their parents . Sounds good , except as a person who has dealt up close and personal with black youngsters for decades around Atlanta -- ranging from speaking in elementary , junior high , high schools and colleges to teaching teenagers in Sunday School and leading youth groups -- many of them do n't have two parents . Plus , according to statistics released by the U.S. census in May , 68 % of black women who gave birth in the previous year were unmarried . Not a lot of role modeling going on there . Consider , too , that a large percentage of black youngsters raised by single women are latchkey kids , which means they come home to an empty dwelling to fend for themselves over long stretches of time . So many of those youngsters get their idea of how to survive and prosper from older folks in the neighborhood . Either that , or they look toward the most visible people they see on television . Actors , rappers , athletes . Which is why Barkley was a role model back then to millions , and which is why he remains one today -- whether he likes it or not . The same is true of Sherman . And on that score , he was a loser on Sunday . So Sherman deserved what he got in the aftermath . The youth watching it all deserved better , period . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Terence Moore .	Terence Moore : Richard Sherman deserved criticism for his rant about Michael Crabtree Do n't make Sherman a civil rights hero ; he set a bad example for young fans , he says Moore argues that the notion sports heroes are n't role models is way off Moore : Athletes can play constructive role to many kids raised without authority figures
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Authorities in northern Pakistan were looking for 384 inmates who escaped from a prison early Sunday morning after hundreds of Taliban militants raided the facility . The attack took place in the city of Bannu in northwest Pakistan , an area known for a heavy militant presence . Four prison officials were wounded in the attack , which lasted more than two hours , said Iftikhar Khan , a senior police official in the city . Of the 944 prisoners the facility held , 384 escaped , officials said . Among them were 21 high-profile militants , said Iftikhar Hussain , the information minister of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province , where Bannu is located . The attackers apparently were aiming to free a senior Taliban commander , he said , but prison records were destroyed in the attack , and officials were still working to verify the names and crimes of those who escaped . "  This is beyond terrorism . Such an attack challenges the writ of the state , " Hussain said . Two of the inmates who escaped had been awaiting execution . One , Adnan Rashid , had been found guilty in the attempted murder of former President Pervez Musharraf in 2003 . The other , Safi Ullah , was convicted of several bombings in northern Pakistan in recent years , officials said . Authorities were investigating how militants managed to enter the city , Hussain said . "  A soul-searching investigation is underway to answer some big questions , " he said . "  How were the militants allowed to block routes to the jail before the attack ? Why did n't the reinforcements arrive ? " The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack , according to its spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan . "  We will go where we need to go " said Ehsan , vowing to continue attacks that would result in the release of other imprisoned Taliban fighters . Journalist Wajahat S. Khan contributed to this report .	NEW : Four prison officials are wounded in the two-hour attack , a police official says NEW : 21 of the 384 escapees were high-profile militants , an information minister says Attackers apparently aimed to free a senior Taliban commander , the information minister says The Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility and vows to continue attacks to release imprisoned militants
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- A 16-year-old Hong Kong boy makes two phone calls for delivery : One for pizza , the other for the drug ketamine . Two teenage girls are found semi-conscious in a car park after overdosing on ketamine . A 13-year-old boy joins a gang and is given free ketamine . Glass capsules containing ketamine , which has become the drug of choice for Hong Kong 's youth . These are anecdotes told to CNN by police , a family doctor and a former gang member . Ketamine has become the drug of choice among young people , as the number of people under 21 taking drugs has surged 57 percent in the last four years in Hong Kong , said Commissioner for Narcotics , Sally Wong . "  We started off with a very small number of young people taking drugs . We are now more worried about the trend , " Wong said . "  We do n't want a runaway trend ; that 's why we are stepping up action . " Ketamine , an animal tranquilizer , can put users in a dazed stupor for about two hours , doctors said . Long-term use of ketamine can impair cognitive function and damage internal organs . Watch Pauline Chiou 's report on ketamine sweeping Hong Kong " An oversupply of the drug in Hong Kong and the fact that it is cheaper than other narcotics makes ketamine popular with young people , said Superintendent Wilson Fok of the Hong Kong Police Narcotics Bureau . One gram of ketamine sells on the street here for $ 13 and is enough to be shared with two other people , while cocaine , for example , sells for $ 103 a gram , Fok said . The drug is legal for medical use , but it is trafficked into Hong Kong from other parts of Asia , such as India and mainland China , and sold on the streets illegally , Fok said . Police have recently stepped up their efforts to crack down on drug use at clubs and bars in Hong Kong and Shenzhen , a city in mainland China just across the border . Nearly 120 alleged drug users from Hong Kong , mostly under the age of 30 , were arrested at entertainment venues in Shenzhen in July and held for 15 days in sweeps that made headlines for days here . However , narcotics police said entertainment venues are not the only places they find drug abuse . "  Forty percent of young people abuse drugs in public toilets and playgrounds . That 's what our recent data from last year shows , " Fok said . "  They want to find some other places to take drugs . " The problem has gotten so bad that authorities have decided to do something never done here before : random school drug tests . Beginning in September , some two dozen schools will conduct tests , as part of a trial program . Officials say the drug screening will most likely be in the form of urine tests , though they are still working out the details . Ketamine can be detected in urine for at least three days , doctors said . Watch a doctor explain how the test works " Dr. Cheng Chi Man , a family practice doctor , runs a seminar that trains doctors to detect the signs of drug abuse in young patients : drowsiness , skin problems , frequent urination  ketamine can affect bladder function  and frequent sick leave . "  When we were 10 years old , we were still in primary school watching TV and eating candy . But they are now taking drugs . " Alman Chan , principal of Hong Kong 's only drug rehab school for youth , the privately-run Christian Zheng Sheng School , said he has watched as drug use has grown . See photos of the rehab school in remote Hong Kong " "  Just look at our school development . I was here 14 years ago . At that time , I was the only teacher . I had 18 kids . I only had one student who was 15 , " he said . "  But now , I have one third -- about 40 of them -- who are 15 years old or younger . That shows you the number of students getting into drugs is bigger and also getting younger and younger . " There were a few reasons why children were getting involved with drugs , such as troubled homes and difficulties at school , he said . "  People are more concerned about material things and they are getting lost , " he added . Hong Kong Police have arrested children as young as age 13 for drug offenses , according to Commissioner for Narcotics , Sally Wong . Police last week reportedly busted a network that allegedly recruited teenagers to sell illegal drugs -- mainly to students . One of those arrested -- a 14-year-old school dropout -- was found with 28 grams of ketamine , according to the South China Morning Post . But ketamine abuse is not limited to young people . It is the second-most popular drug among all age groups in Hong Kong , Superintendent Wilson Fok of the Hong Kong Police Narcotics Bureau said . Many young drug abusers end up in Alman Chan 's drug rehab school for youth , which is located in a remote part of Lantau Island west of Hong Kong . CNN visited the campus , which is home to 99 boys and 24 girls . The closest road is a three-hour hike through the woods . Chan calls the school "  the last stop before jail " for drug abusers . That was the case for Tai Ming Hung 's son Keith , a former gang member . She learned he was using ketamine when he ended up in the hospital after taking the drug a few years ago . "  I was in denial . I just did n't believe it was true . When I first heard about it , we all did n't know how to react , because we had n't heard of those drugs before , " she said . "  I did n't really understand why we have these harmful drugs in the world . And I was so afraid that it would kill my son . " 18-year-old Keith , who said he began using ketamine at the age of 13 when he joined a gang , has recovered and is now living at Chan 's school . "  I have a feeling that he 's really growing up , he keeps improving , " his mother said . The school 's curriculum involves regular school subjects and chores . The goal is for each student to finish their court probation and either sit for the university exam or continue on to a vocational school . Many of the students have become interested in video editing and photography . There is a video lab on campus and the students showed CNN some video projects they have done . Other students run a pizza parlor and tea shop on a neighboring island . The average stay at the school is three years and students are encouraged to plan for life after rehab . "  We have vocational training . We help them get some marketable skills ; therefore , they may get a job or continue training afterward , " Chan said . "  I believe everyone deserves a second chance . "	Police : Ketamine is the top drug of choice among young people in Hong Kong Drug use among those under 21 has jumped 57 percent in the last four years Police stepping up crackdowns , say parks and public toilets hot spots for drug use Hong Kong has one drug rehab center for youth , located on a remote former pig farm
CNN  "  Good night Malaysian three-seven-zero . " It was a routine sign-off , an all-is-well . On March 8 , 2014 , at 1:19 a.m. , someone spoke those last words from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 to air traffic controllers before the Boeing 777 vanished . A year later , searchers have no new clues as to where it went with 239 people on board . Radar and satellite reports have provided hints , but searchers still have nothing to hold in their hands . No wreckage seen floating at sea or beached on shore . No fuselage resting on the sea floor . Experts have said the data indicate the flight path from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Beijing unexpectedly veered , putting the commercial jet over the southern Indian Ocean . But the water 's vast and intricate depths have revealed no secrets . And as clarity has eluded grasp , analysts have made many speculations about what happened . The most controversial idea : Is the maritime search area all wrong ? Did the plane land clandestinely on solid ground ? Here are some expert theories about what happened to MH370 . Investigators have since cast doubt on some of their details . Who radioed those last words to air traffic control ? Capt. Zaharie Ahmad Shah ? First officer Fariq Abdul Hamid ? There was much speculation over that , but the Malaysian inspectors in April said it was Zaharie . The pilots were supposed to check in with new air traffic controllers in Vietnam , but never did . One theory is that one pilot may have incapacitated the other , then guided the plane to its end , taking the passengers down with him in a dramatic suicide . Mark Weiss , a retired American Airlines captain , has flown a Boeing 777 . He believed shortly after the crash that there may have been a struggle . "  It was one of the pilots that maybe had a meltdown or did something nefarious to the airplane , " he said . But Malaysia Airlines Chief Executive Ahmad Jauhari Yahya has vehemently defended his employees , particularly the pilot . "  We do not suspect any one of our crew until there 's such evidence . ... Captain Zaharie is a very capable man , " he said . "  We have no reason to suspect  him  . " Weiss also thought there could have been another person -- a crew member or someone else -- in the cockpit who "  was bent on perhaps committing suicide or doing some destruction on the aircraft . " Copilot Hamid , 27 , reportedly once invited a woman and her friend into the cockpit on a 2011 flight between Thailand and Malaysia . "  That 's an enormous breach of security , " Weiss said . But investigators punched holes in the idea , saying there was no indication of a third party in the cockpit , CNN reported in April . The difference between hijacking and commandeering is nuanced . The former term is often used when the hijacker issues a demand such as being taken to a safe-haven country or receiving ransom to release passengers . When people commandeer a plane , they might keep the motives secret , said political analyst Peter Bergen . They may want to steer it themselves at a target , like the September 11 , 2001 , terrorists did . In 1994 , a FedEx employee burst into the cockpit of FedEx Flight 705 with a hammer and spear gun . He wanted to crash the plane into the company 's Memphis , Tennessee , headquarters . The crew thwarted that takeover . "  Commandeering would fit with the few facts that we do know , and  it 's  certainly a theory that we have n't heard a lot of that is n't a conspiracy , " Bergen said . Experts are divided on this theory , partly because no terrorists have claimed responsibility at a moment when they would have the world 's attention -- unless potential terrorists were waiting for something . MH370 went to Kazakhstan . Outlandish conjecture or genius insight ? The theory that Russian actors on board MH370 found a way to get the plane through the border territory of China , Pakistan and India to a Kazakh landing strip leased to Russia comes from science journalist and private pilot Jeff Wise . Fleets of ships and search aircraft are looking in the wrong direction , he says . The airliner went north , not south . Investigators may have misinterpreted a key component of the Inmarsat satellite data . "  This is not a normal investigation . They need to throw out the book , " Wise has said . Another aviation analyst , David Soucie , also cast doubt after MH370 went missing on the most widely held belief that the plane hit the Indian Ocean . "  If it had crashed in the way that we think it did , which is to run out of fuel and hit the water and break up into pieces , there would be pieces somewhere , " he said . But Michael Exner , an engineer with decades of experience in the mobile satellite communications industry , says the data "  accurately and unambiguously " shows MH370 went down near the so-called 7th arc , a path along which the search has been focused . "  The current ATSB search strategy remains the best search strategy , " he said . In a less sinister but equally lethal explanation , some experts theorized the plane mysteriously crashed somewhere because of mechanical malfunction . Perhaps the electronics died , or a fire broke out , preventing the pilots from communicating . Maybe they turned to look for a landing strip but could n't steer the plane properly . Pilots had trouble embracing the thought . "  I 've been running that in my brain now ever since this thing happened , " said Jim Tilmon , an aviation expert and retired American Airlines pilot . "  One possibility would be a total electrical failure which is very , very hard to imagine because  the plane  has so many generators coming from different places , " Tilmon said . If they fail , there are other backups . He has said he 's never heard of anything like it happening before . For months after MH370 disappeared , Malaysian officials reported details of the search to next of kin and the public . Something would be spotted , hopes rose , and then it did n't pan out . Hopes were dashed ; anguish returned . Sunday , a year to the day after the plane disappeared , the international independent investigation committee released an interim report on the disappearance of MH370 . It found no indications of unusual behavior among the aircraft 's pilots and cabin crew before it took off , and said that Zaharie had had no personal or financial problems that would cast suspicion on him . The interim report also revealed that the battery of the underwater locator beacon on the plane 's flight data recorder had expired more than a year before its disappearance . The battery on the plane 's other so-called black box , the cockpit voice recorder , had been replaced as scheduled , and remained within its expiry date , the report said . CNN 's Pamela Boykoff and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Many experts believe the plane went down in the South Indian Ocean The most controversial theory : Russians hijacked the plane to Kazakhstan Electrical failure is another theory
CNN  -- New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady was involved in a two-vehicle accident Thursday morning near his home in Boston , Massachusetts , but is now "  fine , " according to a source familiar with the incident . Brady was not injured and was already at football practice after the wreck , the source said . The driver of the other vehicle was hospitalized , but the condition of that person was not immediately clear , the source said . Law enforcement sources told the Boston Globe that Brady was driving a sedan and was treated at the scene . The driver of the other vehicle , a passenger van , was transported to a local hospital , the Globe reported . The accident occurred about 6:34 a.m. , according to Boston Fire Department spokesman Steve MacDonald .	Brady is already back at practice , source says The other driver has been hospitalized
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Twin suicide attacks in southern Yemen killed 12 tribesmen early Sunday morning , authorities said . The tribesmen are part of a small force fighting al Qaeda-affiliated militants in Abyan province In one of the attacks , a suicide bomber approached a group of fighters , shook hands and sat with them before detonating explosives , tribal fighters said . The blast killed five people , in addition to the bomber . In the second attack , seven people were killed in addition to the suicide bomber , the fighters said . Clashes in Abyan have been ongoing since May , when suspected al Qaeda militants took over the province and declared it an Islamic emirate . The militants call themselves "  Ansar Sharia , " and say that their mission is to spread Islamic law in Yemen . Government forces , with the help of local tribal fighters , have succeeded in retaking control of parts of the province .	The tribesmen are part of a small force fighting al Qaeda In one of the attacks , a suicide bomber shakes hands with the fighters before detonating Clashes in the province have been ongoing since May
A team of Mexican architects have designed a 65-story glass and steel pyramid to sit in the middle of Mexico City 's most historic plaza . But , if it ever gets built , you wo n't see it anywhere on the skyline . That 's because it would be the world 's first ever "  earthscraper " -- a 300-meter deep office and living space with ambitions to turn the modern high-rise , quite literally , on its head . "  There is very little room for any more buildings in Mexico City , and the law says we can not go above eight stories , so the only way is down " explains Esteban Suarez , co-founder of BNKR Arquitectura , the firm behind the proposals . "  This would be a practical way of conserving the built environment while creating much-needed new space for commerce and living , " he added . But would it really be that practical ? The design , which would cost an estimated $ 800 million to build , is the shape of an inverted pyramid with a central void to allow for some much-needed natural light and ventilation . Suarez says the first 10 stories would hold a museum dedicated to the city 's history and its artifacts . "  We 'd almost certainly find plenty of interesting relics during the dig -- dating right back to the Aztecs who built their own pyramids here , " he says . The following 10 floors are assigned to retail and housing , with the remaining 35 intended for commercial office space , says Suarez . Suarez concedes that getting natural light and fresh air down to the lower floors will be a problem and he is investigating a "  system of fiber optics " that could deliver sunlight from the surface . The design also includes a series of a series of "  earth lobbies " that would store plants and trees with the intention of improving air-quality and , no doubt , the gloomy subterranean landscape . Suarez says renewable energy could be generated by a turbine powered from collected groundwater . Enough to keep the lights on in an underground office block 24 hours a day ? "  I could n't say at this stage " replies Suarez . But although it has the hallmarks of a fossil-fuel guzzling Goliath -- and a name to match -- Suarez says the "  Earthscraper " has great eco-credentials . "  In many ways , this project is all about the environment -- not just in how we preserve our historic skyline , but how we prevent the serious problem of urban sprawl into the countryside , " he says . According to the 32-year-old architect , Mexico City 's main square -- commonly known as the "  Zocalo " -- is one of the biggest city plazas in the world . "  It 's a massive empty plot , which makes it the ideal site for our program , " he said . To conserve the numerous activities that take place on the 190,000 square-foot plaza throughout the year -- including concerts , protests , open-air exhibitions and military parades -- the void will be covered with a glass floor that Suarez believes will allow the life of the "  Earthscraper " to blend with everything happening on top . At present , Suarez and his team are in the process of presenting their idea to the local authorities . So , if you were in their shoes , what would you say ? Is the "  Earthscraper " a genuinely feasible innovation or a pretty but impractical pipe dream ? Tell us you thoughts in the comments section below .	Mexican architects believe they have solution to capital 's overcrowding If built ` Earthscraper ' concept would plunge 300 meters into the earth Designed as an inverted pyramid with a central void for light and ventilation Pipe-dream or genuine innovation ? You tell us .
Washington  CNN  -- The convenience store near my house is where I first became aware of the problem . There , an overweight girl , maybe 10 years old , had just persuaded her mother to buy her potato chips and a Slurpee . It was 11:15 at night . From that moment forward , I saw overweight and obese kids everywhere : At church , in Wal-Mart , at the movies . Everywhere . It was n't always this way . In fact , obesity rates for kids have tripled over the last three decades , according to a widely circulated report that appeared in the Academic Pediatrics journal late last summer . Moreover , the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and nonpartisan government surveys say that one out of every three children in America is overweight or obese . Think about that : One in three . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention uses body mass index -- a formula that considers height , weight , age and gender -- to determine if a child is overweight or obese . Click here for an interactive calculator to see if your child falls into either category . Studies find that overweight and obese kids are more likely to grow up to be overweight and obese adults . Saddled with heart disease , diabetes , high blood pressure and myriad other preventable health problems , they will be sicker and may die earlier than the generation before them . Consider this : Last November , a report based on the research of Dr. Ken Thorpe , a noted Emory University health care economist , found that 43 percent of all adults in America would be obese -- not overweight , but obese -- by 2018 if current trends continue . It was 15 percent in 1980 . This epidemic not only threatens the well-being of our children but strains an overburdened health care system , hampers the productivity of our workforce and indirectly undermines our competitiveness as the world 's leading economic power . Fortunately , there is reason to hope . First lady Michelle Obama is stepping in to lead a new initiative . Having gotten her daughters settled into school and life in Washington , the Harvard-educated lawyer is kicking off a program to bring attention to the childhood obesity epidemic . In terms of need and potential impact , I would argue that this is the most meaningful public service effort taken on by a first lady since Nancy Reagan 's "  Just Say No " campaign of the 1980s . Perhaps learning from early missteps of her husband 's administration , Mrs. Obama is consulting members of Congress from both political parties before announcing the national effort . She has solicited their thoughts and ideas to incorporate into the plan . The first lady is using unifying and uplifting language to talk about the epidemic . She has refused to speak about it in abstract terms and does not disparage those who make unhealthy decisions for their kids , like the mom at that convenience store . She uses her own experiences to relate to other parents : "  It was n't that long ago that I was juggling a full-time job with the round-the-clock role of being a mom . And there were plenty of times when after a long day at work , when the fridge was empty and everyone was hungry , that I just ordered that pizza , because it was easier . Or we went to the drive-through for burgers , because it was quick and cheap . And I was n't always aware of how all the calories and fat in some of the processed foods I was buying were adding up , " she said , previewing her initiative in a speech to the nation 's mayors last month . On Tuesday , the first lady will unveil the details of her comprehensive plan , the broad outline of which , she told a meeting of key members of Congress and the Cabinet , include four main elements : increasing the number of healthy schools ; increasing the amount of physical activity children receive ; improving accessibility and affordability of healthy foods ; and empowering consumers and families to make healthier food choices . She 'll spell out the details in the coming days . The childhood obesity epidemic is the newest front in the battle of the bulge , and Mrs. Obama should be praised for using her mass appeal to shed light on it . She is right to argue , as she has , that there is no one solution , federal or otherwise . Stopping this epidemic will require complementary efforts that bring together government , families , schools , foundations , businesses and others . Here 's hoping that people across America hear Mrs. Obama 's call to action and join the national campaign to end childhood obesity . Our collective future , in no small part , depends on its success . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony Coley .	Anthony Coley says obesity rates for kids tripled in past 30 years ; one in three affected Michelle Obama launching anti-obesity campaign for kids this week , he says He says she 's sought bipartisan advice in developing her plan Coley : Her four-part campaign will push healthier food , exercise at school and home
CNN  Shiver me timbers : Archaeologists have unveiled some unnerving medical tools found amid the wreckage of Blackbeard 's Queen Anne 's Revenge . Linda Carnes-McNaughton , a volunteer archaeologist on the project , recently presented what she and other researchers from the North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources discovered about the equipment at the Society for Historical Archaeology 's annual meeting . Among the more cringe-inducing findings were a urethral syringe used to inject mercury for the treatment of syphilis and a clyster pump used to deliver medical enemas for "  quicker absorption . " "  We just have to understand that these people were suffering , " Carnes-McNaughton said . "  They were seeking relief for any kind of ailment , and certainly if there was warfare on the water , there were wounds among other ailments that needed treatment . It was n't always a formally trained person in desperate times . That 's probably more common than we know . " She added that this time period was still "  the era of mystical medical treatments " and that outward symptoms were often treated rather than the underlying causes . Edward Teach , better known as Blackbeard , ran the Queen Anne 's Revenge aground in 1718 . The shipwreck was discovered in 1996 off the coast of North Carolina , and archaeologists have completed about 60 % of the excavation . Queen Anne 's Revenge was originally La Concorde de Nantes , a French slave ship , that also carried three surgeons , or doctors , to ensure the wellness of those aboard . Those three surgeons remained with the ship after Blackbeard took over to help with the new crew 's maladies .	Archaeologists excavated medical supplies from Blackbeard 's ship Many of the supplies were used to treat syphilis , a common disease among pirates
CNN  -- One of the three teenagers accused of setting another boy on fire in Florida in 2009 has been found guilty of the lesser charge of aggravated battery , officials said . Matthew Bent , 17 , charged as an adult , will be sentenced July 23 , according to Kim Fontana in the State Attorney 's Office in Broward County . Bent faces a sentence of four years and five months to 15 years . Bent originally was charged with second-degree attempted murder in the Deerfield Beach attack . The jury returned the verdict Tuesday . The three teens -- Bent , Denver Jarvis and Jesus Mendez -- were accused of pouring alcohol over Michael Brewer and setting him on fire , after a dispute over $ 40 . Brewer suffered burns over 65 % of his body and was hospitalized for more than two months . Jarvis and Mendez pleaded no contest and are serving time in prison . Both testified during Bent 's trial , according to CNN affiliate WBFS in Miami . Bent did not take the stand , and his defense did not call any witnesses , the affiliate reported . "  I am asking that now , today , 975 days later asking you to hold this young man responsible for his actions , " prosecutor Maria Schneider said during the trial , according to WBFS . "  You ca n't orchestrate something then wipe your hands and say , ` Oh they did it ! They did it on their own , I had nothing to do with it . ' " Detectives say Bent demanded $ 40 he said Brewer owed him and , when he did n't pay , Bent allegedly stole Brewer 's father 's bicycle . Brewer fingered Bent to police , who arrested the teen . The next day , after Bent was released , the three found Brewer and allegedly surrounded him . Police say witnesses told them his attackers called Brewer a "  snitch . " Detectives say eyewitnesses told them that then-15-year-old Jarvis poured alcohol over Brewer and then-16-year-old Mendez used a lighter to start the fire . Bent allegedly encouraged the attack . Mendez has admitted setting Brewer on fire , and that he made a "  bad decision , " according to an arrest transcript . Brewer ran about 100 yards to an apartment complex pool , where he dove in . Speaking in 2010 , he told CNN 's John Zarrella that he wished he could deal with his three former friends himself . "  But , it 's over and done with , " Brewer said then . "  I think they 're just jerks and they got what they deserved . "	Matthew Bent was convicted of aggravated battery He and two other teens were accused of setting Michael Brewer on fire in 2009 Brewer suffered burns over 65 % of his body and was hospitalized for more than two months
CNN  -- The introductions at BlogHer , the largest conference in the world for women in social media , tend to go something like this : "  WellConnectdMom , so great to meet you , " I said to a blogger whom I knew only by her Twitter handle . "  KellyWallaceTV , great to meet you too , " she replied , using my Twitter handle . That type of exchange happens hundreds , maybe thousands , of times at this conference , which opened Friday in Chicago . The chance to meet online connections in person is part of the reason women from all over the world gather for the two-day event . They also come to network , build potential business partnerships and burnish their brands overall . "  Well Connected Mom " Lori Cunningham expects to meet at least 200 people this year , her third BlogHer conference . She 'll contact many of them when she returns home to continue networking and building upon common interests . "  It just is an opportunity to open a door that you would n't have if you did n't come to a BlogHer conference , " said Cunningham , a mother of two from Los Angeles whose blog focuses on simplifying technology for women . For first-time BlogHer attendees like Chicagoan Jamie Jensen , the goal is to build her blog , For Love of Cupcakes , into a full-time job that she can run as a "  work-at-home mom . " "  I 'm hoping to just keep growing to where it can be a part-time income or eventually a full-time income , " said Jensen , the mother of a 2-year-old girl , who works outside the home as a day-care teacher . BlogHer is more than a conference . It 's also a major cross-platform business that hosts 3,000 blogs and helps many more expand their reach through education and networking opportunities . The BlogHer publishing network has generated $ 25 million for about 5,000 female writers over the past four years , said BlogHer co-founder Lisa Stone . Most bloggers use this income to support their work and pay for business expenses ; others use it to supplement their household income and support their families , she said . Businesses understand the power of female bloggers , judging by the more than 130 brands -- from Coca-Cola to Samsung -- in attendance . And yet , mainstream media seem to marginalize what these women are doing . Take a Wall Street Journal story this year that depicted blogger conferences as opportunities for women to party away from their husbands and kids . "  The sheer power of women on the Web is so clear statistically , and yet there is some ongoing prevailing effort to belittle that leadership , " Stone said , citing stats showing women are 41 % more likely to use social media than men . "  Good luck trying to put women who blog into a bell jar , " Stone said . "  They are going to ooze right out over the top and explode right in your face . " Still , among the public , there seems to be a lack of understanding of what a blogger is , says Amanda Rodriguez , a mom of three boys and host of Dude Mom . Rodriguez , who is speaking on a panel this weekend , said she recently attended an event sponsored by the National Football League where no one seemed to understand what she did as a blogger . It 's the same response she says she gets when she reveals her profession to people at airports or in the doctor 's office . "  I think there 's just a misconception about what bloggers do . They all think we 're either like Perez Hilton or whatever random mommy blogger that they have read about on Oprah.com , " the Frederick , Maryland , mom said . "  So I think it 's up to us to sort of work really hard to change that perception , " she said . "  Hopefully other people will start to give the career a little more credence . " The BlogHer Conference , now in its ninth year and profiled recently in USA Today , aims to help by bringing attention to what female bloggers do . Big-name speakers also help . Last year , President Obama gave a keynote via video conference . This year 's closing keynote speaker is Sheryl Sandberg , chief operating officer of Facebook and author of the much-talked-about book "  Lean In . " Mainstream America may not understand the power and influence of bloggers . But parents who share tips about products or advice for getting kids to behave see the blog community as an extension of those support networks , said Cunningham . There is another power that has nothing to do with educating the public . It has to do with women connecting with other women in ways they ca n't connect with their friends . First-time conference attendee Sarah Evans hosts the blog It 's a Vol , based on her love of the University of Tennessee Volunteers . She suffered from postpartum depression after her daughter was born . The women she met online , many of whom she is meeting for the first time at BlogHer , saved her , she says . "  When I had postpartum depression , there was nobody in my physical life at that point in time who could say ' I know what you went through , ' " Evans said . Through the BlogHer community , she met others who could relate to what she was going through and shared their experiences on their blogs . "  You can say , ` Look at this mother . She 's fantastic . She made her way through this , ' " she said . "  I feel like that right now , and I can get through that . I can get to that point , too . " The value of such a connection ? Priceless .	Bloggers gather in Chicago for two-day conference for women in social media Annual conference provides networking and educational opportunities "  I think there 's just a misconception about what bloggers do , " Dude Mom Amanda Rodriguez says
CNN  -- Financial crisis-stricken Iceland formally applied for European Union membership on Friday , a day after lawmakers narrowly backed a government plan to take the island nation into the economic and political bloc . Icelandic PM Johanna Sigurdardottir pledged to take Iceland into the EU during April 's election campaign . A copy of the application was submitted to the Swedish government , which currently holds the EU 's rotating presidency , Iceland 's Ministry for Foreign Affairs confirmed in a statement . Iceland 's economy was devastated by the collapse of the island 's banking system last year , leading to the resignation of the country 's government . In elections in April , center left leader Johanna Sigurdardottir was elected prime minister after pledging to take Iceland into the EU . On Thursday , Iceland 's parliament , the Althing , voted in favor of the government plan by 33 votes to 28 with two abstentions . "  This is a historic day for Iceland , " Foreign Minister Ossur Skarphedinsson said in a statement . "  As a European nation already deeply integrated into European structures ... we now look forward to taking the next logical step , in close cooperation with our European partners . " Welcoming Iceland 's application , European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said : "  The decision of the Icelandic Parliament is a sign of the vitality of the European project and indicative of the hope that the European Union represents . Iceland is a European country with long and deep democratic roots . " Iceland already benefits from a free trade arrangement with European Union member states , latterly as a participating member of the European Economic Area , which was established in 1994 , and formerly through a bilateral free trade agreement with the EEC , the EU 's predecessor . But Icelanders have traditionally been skeptical of the benefits of full EU membership , fearing that they would lose some of their independence as a small state within a larger political entity . At present three other states in southeastern Europe -- Croatia , FYR Macedonia and Turkey -- are candidate countries for EU membership . "  I am pleased that the EU 's enlargement agenda may soon extend to Europe 's north-western corner as well , with Iceland , a country with deep democratic traditions , in addition to our continued commitment to South East Europe , " said Enlargement Commissioner Olli Rehn .	Iceland applies for EU membership after lawmakers back government plan Island 's economy was devastated by collapse of banking system last year Iceland already enjoys free trade deal with EU member states European Commission President hails Iceland 's "  long , deep democratic roots "
CNN  -- Victoria Pendleton rounded off another night of triumph for hosts Great Britain in the Olympic Velodrome with a storming ride to take gold in the women 's keirin Friday . Pendleton suffered bitter disappointment on the first night of finals when she and partner Jess Varnish were disqualified in the women 's team sprint for a technical infringement , but made amends with the second gold of her Games career . The 31-year-old Pendleton powered to the front with over a lap to go and held off a determined challenge from China 's Guo Shuang to claim an emotional victory . "  My legs were still good from last night . I really wanted to show what I 've got . It turned out okay , I guess , " she said . Lee Wai-Sze of Hong Kong took a surprise bronze with Pendleton 's arch-rival Anna Meares of Australia out of the medals . Pendleton will get one more chance for golden glory when she defends her women 's sprint title . She followed Britain 's men 's team pursuit squad on to the track after the quartet of Geraint Thomas , Ed Clancy , Steven Burke and Peter Kennaugh had broken their own world record to take gold by beating arch-rivals Australia in the final . Tour de France winner and Olympic time trial champion Bradley Wiggins was in the 6,000 capacity crowd to watch his GB compatriots defend their Beijing crown . Wiggins had been part of that team , which also set a world record , and the 2012 version did not disappoint either . Clancy and Thomas were picking up their second successive golds in the event as they crossed the line in a time of three minutes 51.659 seconds . Australia were just under three seconds adrift with New Zealand winning the bronze medal after beating Russia in their run off . There was promise of more gold for the rampant home team in the women 's team pursuit where the trio of Laura Trott , Joanna Rowsell and Dani King broke their own world record in qualifying . Their time of three minutes 15.669 seconds , edged their own mark for the 3,000 m event set at the world championships earlier this year . It is the seventh world record to be set in the velodrome and the fifth for the hosts , who won the men 's team sprint on the first night .	Britain win two gold medals on second night of competition in track cycling Victoria Pendleton takes women 's keirin after disappointment of team sprint GB men 's team pursuit squad break world record to beat Australia in final GB women 's team pursuit squad beat their own world mark in qualifying
Washington  CNN  -- GOP critics cranked up the political heat Thursday on Attorney General Eric Holder , threatening impeachment and accusing him of withholding information from Congress about Operation Fast and Furious , a severely flawed and discredited federal gun-sting program . At the end of a long , combative day of testimony before the Republican-controlled House Judiciary Committee , California GOP Rep. Darrell Issa compared Holder to disgraced Nixon-era Attorney General John Mitchell . Holder shot back by comparing Issa to Sen. Joe McCarthy , the infamous Wisconsin Republican censured by the Senate in 1954 for leading what critics called a Communist witch hunt . "  As they said in the McCarthy hearings , have you no shame ? " asked Holder , referencing a famous retort to McCarthy . Holder acknowledged mistakes were made , but said he would not resign over the controversy . The attorney general , accusing the GOP of playing political games , said he also did n't think any of his top aides should step down . Operation Fast and Furious , which started in 2009 , allowed illegally purchased firearms to be taken from gun stores in Arizona across the Mexican border to drug cartels . The intent of the operation was to monitor the flow of weapons to their ultimate destination . However , hundreds of weapons were lost or unaccounted for , and a storm of outrage erupted when two of the missing weapons were found at a site where Border Patrol agent Brian Terry was killed in December 2010 . Democrats and Republicans have since been at odds over who knew what about the operation and when . Wisconsin GOP Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner told Holder Thursday that "  heads should roll " over the matter . "  There is really no responsibility within the Justice Department , " Sensenbrenner said . "  The thing is , if we do n't get to the bottom of this -- and that requires your assistance on that -- there is only one alternative that Congress has and it is called impeachment . " Sensenbrenner did not make clear whether he was referring to the possible impeachment of Holder or other top Justice Department officials . Blame for the botched operation "  must go to your desk , " Issa , the GOP 's point man on investigating Fast and Furious , told Holder . Congress has been "  systematically lied to " by department officials , he alleged . For his part , Holder told committee members the operation relied on "  unacceptable tactics " and was "  inexcusable . " But he insisted that Justice Department officials have cooperated with congressional investigators , and he said that any previous misleading information provided on the matter was not part of an intentional deception . "  It all has to do with your state of mind and whether or not you had the requisite intent to come up with something that can be considered perjury or  a  lie , " Holder said . The attorney general tried to turn the tables on his GOP critics , accusing them of engaging in "  inflammatory and inappropriate rhetoric ... in an effort to score political points . " It 's time to end "  politically motivated ` gotcha ' games , " he said . While Holder and his critics vehemently disagreed over the extent of executive-legislative cooperation in the Fast and Furious investigation , they agreed that the deadly fallout from the operation is not over . Fast and Furious is "  going to continue to have tragic consequences , " Holder said at one point in Thursday 's hearing . "  More people are going to die , probably , " said Rep. Ted Poe , a Texas Republican . "  Unfortunately , I think that 's probably true , " Holder replied . Last month , Holder testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee that the controversial operation "  should never have happened , and ... must never happen again , " hitting hard at the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives practice that has now tarnished his tenure at the Justice Department . Despite Holder 's insistence that Congress has never been intentionally misled in the matter , a number of Republicans have called for him to step down . Last month , Arizona Rep. Paul Gosar said the attorney general 's "  refusal to take responsibility for the actions of his department is inexcusable . " Earlier this week , Issa , head of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , said he is broadening his investigation to also include recent allegations of U.S. agents laundering money for Mexican cartels -- accusations that have infuriated officials on both sides of the border . "  These allegations , if true , raise further unsettling questions about a Department of Justice component engaging in a high-risk strategy with scant evidence of success , " Issa said in a letter to Holder . "  The existence of such a program again calls your leadership into question , " Issa added . Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , said Wednesday that Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer should also resign because he misled Congress about his awareness of a February 4 letter that denied any gunrunning operation existed . The Justice Department recently withdrew the letter due to inaccurate information , and Grassley said that e-mails turned over to congressional investigators showed Breuer saw various versions of the letter -- including the final one submitted to Congress -- before it was sent in February . In addition , Grassley said Breuer knew in 2010 of a previous gunrunning operation by the ATF in the Bush administration , but he failed to notify superiors or Congress about it . "  Mr. Breuer 's failure to be candid and forthcoming before this body irreparably harms his credibility , " Grassley said , later adding : "  Mr. Breuer has lost my confidence in his ability to effectively serve the Justice Department . If you ca n't be straight with the Congress you do n't need to be running the Criminal Division . It is time to stop spinning and start taking responsibility . " In response , Justice Department spokeswoman Tracy Schmaler said Breuer "  has acknowledged his mistake in not making -- and therefore not alerting department leadership to -- a connection between the allegations made about Operation Fast and Furious and the unacceptable tactics used years earlier . " But Holder "  continues to have confidence " in Breuer 's ability to lead the department 's Criminal Division , Schmaler said . Breuer and Holder previously apologized to a Senate committee and to Grassley in particular about the false information in the February letter . Both have insisted they did not know the assertions were wrong when the department sent the letter . However , Grassley said Wednesday that the additional documents recently provided to congressional investigators show that Breuer should have been aware that the letter contained false assertions , due to his knowledge of a similar previous program called Operation Wide Receiver . In Mexico , the case has drawn nationwide attention and sharp criticism from top officials , who have long stressed that U.S. weapons are fueling the country 's drug war . The Mexican attorney general 's office demanded a quick U.S. investigation of the matter in March and said authorities must hold accountable anyone who was responsible for the operation . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Tom Cohen , Terry Frieden and Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	NEW : Issa compares Holder to Nixon AG John Mitchell ; Holder asks Issa if he has "  no shame " Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner , R-Wisconsin , raises the prospect of impeachment Holder says GOP critics of Operation Fast and Furious are trying to "  score political points " The program involved illegal gunrunning that failed to keep track of the weapons
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Alternative treatments are as varied as the regions of the world they come from . And while they attract skepticism from some Western medical practitioners , they are an undeniable part of global health . Shark cartilage is a popular dish in Japan where it is regarded as having health benefits . In parts of Asia and Africa , 80 percent of the population depend on these treatments as their primary form of healthcare . Shark fin has long been used in traditional Asian medicine . Shark fin soup is regarded as a tonic that promotes general well-being , and shark fin has even been claimed to have anti-cancer properties . Shark fins are mainly composed of cartilage , a type of connective tissue found in the skeletal systems of many animals . In Japan , they are sold by herbalists as a powder , in tablet form or as whole fins . While shark fin has been used for centuries in Asia , in recent years it has become more popular in the West . A book called "  Sharks Do n't Get Cancer , " published in 1992 , popularized the idea of shark fin as an alternative cancer treatment in the West , and powdered shark fin is now sold as dietary supplement . But scientific evidence does n't support the idea . A 2000 report by researchers at George Washington University Medical Center in Washington D.C. said more than 40 tumors had been documented in sharks , skates and rays . Clinical studies on cancer patients , including a 1998 study by the Independent Cancer Treatment Research Foundation in Illinois , have n't shown cartilage powders to have any anti-cancer benefits . Cancer Research UK , an independent cancer-research organization , states "  We do n't recommend alternative therapies such as shark cartilage , as there is no scientific or medical evidence to back up the claims made for these ` treatments ' . " The use of shark fins has also been criticized by environmentalists who say the practice is threatening shark populations . In addition , environmental groups say that fins are often cut off live sharks at sea , with the bodies thrown back in the sea to drown , a controversial practiced know as "  finning . " The ancient art of herbal healing also remains highly popular in Africa . In South Africa , the name given to the practice is muti . In Johannesburg 's Faraday market muti practitioners sell wares that are popular with locals and tourists alike . Illnesses are diagnosed by "  sangomas , " who employ techniques including communicating with the spirits of ancestors . "  Sangomas " then refer their patients to "  inyangas , " who supply muti treatments . "  Inyangas " make use of South Africa 's diverse flora and fauna , selling treatments made from herbs and animal parts . Roots , bark and leaves are all used to prepare infusions that are said to cure ailments ranging from headaches to skin rashes . Other muti medicines deal with psychological conditions , curing nightmares , bringing good luck and warding off evil spells . Acupuncture is one of the most widespread of all traditional treatments . An ancient Chinese healing technique thought to date back at least 2,000 years , acupuncture is now widely practiced alongside modern medicine in the East and West alike . Traditional acupuncture works on the idea that energy , known as "  qi , " flows along pathways in the body , called meridians . According to acupuncture theory , if these meridians become blocked , "  qi " can not flow freely and illness can result . Diagnosis of ailments is carried out by , among other things , feeling a patient 's pulse and inspecting their tongue . Marian Rose of the British Acupuncture Council told CNN that an important part of the diagnosis process involves asking patients a range of questions about their well-being , including their digestion , sleep patterns , and health history . Treatment involves inserting fine acupuncture needles at critical points in the body in order to stimulate the flow of "  qi , " described by Rose as "  the body 's motivating energy . " Traditionally , acupuncture can be used to treat headaches , chronic pain , asthma , depression , addiction , and problems with the digestive system . Acupuncture has been the subject of extensive research and in the West the practice has been studied in terms of modern medical knowledge . Dr Mike Cummings is the medical director of the British Medical Acupuncture Association , which promotes Western medical acupuncture . He told CNN that research has shown acupuncture to be effective at treating pain in particular . Cummings says that it is believed that when an acupuncture needle is inserted into a muscle , it stimulates nerves . That affects the spinal gate , where sensory input is modulated , reducing activity in pain pathways . Whether backed by medical science or simply by years of use , traditional treatments remain popular and as more research is carried out , some may even come to complement modern medicine .	Even in the era of modern medicine , traditional treatments are still widespread In Japan , shark fin is sold by herbalists , and is believed to promote well-being Muti practitioners sell their wares in Johannesburg 's Faraday market Acupuncture has spread all over the world from its roots in ancient China
CNN  -- A staff member of the aid organization Doctors Without Borders has died after an attack on a vehicle near the capital of South Sudan , the group said Friday . The aid worker , Joseph , whose full name has been withheld at the request of his family , died two days after the attack , which took place Monday on a main road outside the capital , Juba , according to Doctors Without Borders . Opinion : We need an Arms Trade Treaty now A second employee of the organization was seriously wounded , the group said . Doctors Without Borders , also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres , said the "  exact circumstances " of the attack are n't yet clear , but the car in which its two staff members were traveling was "  clearly marked as belonging to Medecins Sans Frontieres . " The organization has requested that South Sudanese authorities "  investigate the brutal attack that resulted in the killing of our colleague , " said Marcel Langenbach , director of operations for the group . "  We want to emphasize the need to respect international humanitarian law and on the obligation to ensure the protection of humanitarian workers , their property and health facilities , " he said . Doctors Without Borders said it had been working in the region for more than 30 years . South Sudan officially gained its statehood in July 2011 after separating from Sudan .	A Doctors Without Borders staff member died this week , the group says The car that he and another worker were traveling in came under attack The other staff member was seriously wounded Doctors Without Borders calls for an investigation into the "  brutal attack "
Beijing , China  CNN  -- The world economy is placing a bet on its future with China , but some Chinese are placing bets on their future with plastic . In rebalancing the world economy , analysts have said U.S. citizens should take cues from the Chinese , where 40 cents of every dollar of disposable income is saved , compared to 3 cents of every dollar in the U.S. . But there are worrying signs in China that some young consumers are starting to emulate the worst habits of U.S. consumers -- like 27-year-old Yuan Shuai in Beijing , whose credit card bets on his future have turned into overwhelming debts . In the last two years , he got seven cards from seven banks and wracked up $ 29,000 in debts . "  I spent money on eating and having fun , " he said . "  That 's all . " Unemployed and studying to be a taxi driver , Yuan now has debt collectors from banks turning to his father , Yuan Yizhong , for bill payment . "  The banks told me they could lend to him because he 's an adult , " his father says . "  Now they hold me responsible and threatened me . " With no laws for bankruptcy protection in China , those threats can be real . "  If you can not pay it back you either have to go to parents or friends to pay back for you , or you got to jail , " said Yeongwen Chiang , a consumer expert . Credit card issuance is up 32 percent in China in the past year , according to China Market Research and the National Bureau of Statistics . Credit card debt is up more than 130 percent to $ 838 million . That still pales compared to U.S. credit card debt , but the quick rise have some observers alarmed . With the decrease in exports during financial crisis , China has been working to build domestic consumption , offering subsidies on cars , home appliances and other big ticket items . That has helped China to continue to grow through the recession . During the October holiday week celebrating the 60th anniversary of the People 's Republic of China , Chinese poured $ 83 billion into the economy - a 20 percent increase in spending from the same holiday period last year . By comparison , retail spending in the United States fell 6 percent in September compared to the same time last year . But some of the increased spending in China is with money the consumers did n't have . In the first six months of this year , the number of Chinese consumer with credit card debts more than two months overdue rose 133 percent . For the Yuan family , credit card debt will take years to pay back . "  I have only one son , and he failed to live up to my expectations , " Yuan 's father said . CNN 's Emily Chang , Fareed Zakaria and Kevin Voigt contributed to this report	Although Chinese credit card debt is far behind the U.S. , it 's beginning to mount New credit cards jumped 32 percent the past year Chinese card debts more than two months overdue rose 133 percent this year
CNN  The battle for a key Syrian city on the Turkish border intensified Monday as ISIS continued its push for control of Kobani while also scoring a victory in neighboring Iraq , taking a strategically important military base in Anbar province . A fighter from the Kurdish People 's Protection Unit , or YPG , told CNN 's Arwa Damon that the battle in Kobani concerned the main border crossing into Turkey . If ISIS took control , he said , "  it 's over . " The fighter said the Kurdish fighters had pushed back an attempted advance by ISIS on Monday morning but that it would be "  impossible " for them to hold their ground if current conditions continued . Should they take Kobani , the militants would control three official border crossings between Turkey and Syria and a stretch of the border about 60 miles  97 kilometers  long . Monday has been one of the most violent days in Kobani since ISIS launched its assault on the Syrian city , with sounds of fierce fighting , including gunfire and explosions , CNN staff on the Syria-Turkey border said . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh described seeing a mushroom cloud rising about 100 meters  nearly 330 feet  above the city in an area targeted by at least four blasts , generally after the sound of jets overhead . "  However , it remains unclear who is gaining the upper hand , " Walsh said . "  Distribution of the airstrikes does not immediately suggest the Kurds are retaking the center so far . " The U.S. military said it and its partners had attacked ISIS on Sunday and Monday , launching four airstrikes southwest of Kobani , three northeast of the city and one northwest of Raqqa , Syria . "  Fighter aircraft from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia participated in these airstrikes . All aircraft exited the strike areas safely , " the military said in a statement . U.S. national security adviser Susan Rice said Sunday that Turkey had agreed to allow the United States and its partners to use bases and territory to train . "  They have said that their facilities inside Turkey can be used by coalition forces , American and otherwise , to engage in activities inside Iraq and Syria , " Rice told NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  That 's a new commitment and one that we very much welcome , " she said . However , Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu Agency quoted the country 's foreign minister as saying Monday : "  Turkey has not made any decision on whether to open its Incirlik airbase " to coalition forces in the fight against the militant group . Iraqi forces abandon base Despite airstrikes by the United States and its allies in Iraq over the weekend , reports suggest ISIS has continued to gain ground in Anbar province and has encircled Haditha , the province 's last large town not yet under its control . Provincial security force sources told CNN on Monday that Iraqi forces had abandoned a strategically important base in Anbar after heavy fighting with the militants . The base outside Hit was one of the Shiite-led government 's few remaining military outposts in Anbar , a predominantly Sunni province . It is a key control point for roads running through the region . The Iraqi military still controls the Ayn al-Asad military base , which helps defend Iraq 's second-largest dam and the provincial capital of Ramadi . About 80 % of Anbar is under ISIS control , according to Sabah Al-Karhout , president of the Anbar Provincial Council . The group 's presence has been bolstered by as many as 10,000 fighters , dispatched from Syria and northern Iraq , the provincial council said . Anbar is about the size of North Dakota . On Sunday , the leader of U.S. military efforts to fight ISIS in Iraq said the terror group came within 25 kilometers  15.5 miles  of Baghdad 's airport . From Baghdad area to Raqqa , Syria Should all of Anbar fall , the Sunni extremists would rule from the perimeter of Iraq 's capital to Raqqa in Syria , at least , according to the deputy head of the provincial council , Falleh al-Issawi . ISIS would control a swath 350 miles  563 kilometers  long . Anbar leaders on Saturday appealed for U.S. ground forces to help them fight ISIS , but Baghdad said it had not received any official request . The Iraqi government has been adamant that it does not want U.S. forces on the ground , and President Barack Obama has not shown any intent to deploy any . In new violence Monday evening , three explosions rocked three predominantly Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad , killing at least 17 people and injuring 59 others , security and medical sources told CNN . In the first , an improvised explosive device detonated in Sadr City , killing six people and wounding 24 . A suicide attack at the entrance to the Khadimiya neighborhood in northern Baghdad left nine dead and 29 injured . In a third blast , a car bomb attack in northern Baghdad killed two people and wounded six others . Also Monday , a motorcycle with explosives was detonated in front of a restaurant in Kirkuk . One civilian and two police officers died in the explosion in the northern Iraqi city 's Al-Qadissia section , said two government officials who could not be named for security reasons . No one immediately claimed responsibility for the explosion . CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	Three separate blasts in Baghdad kill at least 17 people , sources say CNN team on the Turkey-Syria border describe fierce fighting for the city of Kobani A Kurdish fighter says it will be "  impossible " to hold Kobani if current conditions continue Iraq 's military leaves an important military base in Anbar province to ISIS , sources say
CNN  -- The referees walked onto the field at M&T Stadium in Baltimore Thursday night before the Ravens faced the Cleveland Browns and heard the strangest thing : Cheers . Not just a few of them , either . They heard a standing ovation , long and loud from the early arriving fans , enough so that head referee Gene Steratore tipped his cap to the appreciative crowd like a conquering hometown hero . If you had n't followed the developments over the previous three weeks , you would 've thought the world had gone mad . If you did follow them -- and , if you 're a football fan , how could you not ? -- you probably felt the urge to stand in your living room and cheer right along with them . The real referees are back . The long national nightmare with replacement officials -- the unqualified rejects from the Lingerie League or Division 3 college games -- ended this week , but not before creating an odd phenomena among sports fans from coast to coast . Refs were getting the love -- from football fans , from current and former players , and even from President Obama . When the president tweeted that he wanted the real referees back on the field , it was only a matter of time before it happened -- and one more sign that there was a real appreciation for the professionals . "  It is unfortunate that the NFL , America 's game , has been reduced to what it is , " Justin Tuck , the thoughtful defensive lineman for the New York Giants , said before the lockout was settled . "  I think a lot of people are looking at it as a joke , honestly . As a fan , you pay all this money and you go PSLs and ... games are just being tossed up like as if you were throwing dice on a craps table . " The lockout of the regular referees ended on Wednesday when their union agreed to an eight-year deal with the NFL , ending a dispute that centered mostly on retirement benefits and compensation . Before it ended , there were a few lessons for NFL fans : 1 . Their collective outrage can make a difference . And the outrage was from coast to coast . It started to build during the second week of the season , when it became clear that games had more borderline penalties and less flow with the replacement officials , but it reached a crescendo during the Monday night broadcast this week . An already choppy game between the Seattle Seahawks and the Green Bay Packers came down to one final play . A Hail Mary pass from Seattle quarterback Russell Wilson heaved into the end zone that appeared to be intercepted by Packers safety M.D. Jennings . But Seahawks receiver Golden Tate grabbed it at the last second , and when the two players fell to the ground , the two referees watching looked at each other before making a ruling . One of them waved his arms to signify an interception . The other lifted his arms to signify a touchdown . And , when the refs eventually ruled that it was a touchdown  missing a blatant offensive pass interference call before the play  , a national firestorm had begun . Twitter recorded 56,000 tweets per minute during the game -- or nearly the same as Obama 's speech at the Democratic National Convention -- and most of them angry . With one play , the Seahawks had stolen a 14-12 victory and as much as $ 250 million had moved from one side of the ledger to the other because of the betting line , according to Vegas experts . John Mara , the influential co-owner of the Giants , watched the replay of the "  Fail Mary , " as it became known , on Tuesday morning and thought , "  How did this happen ? " He was n't directly involved in the negotiations between the league and the referees ' union , but he said the talks intensified . "  I felt like we were moving toward a contract even before Monday night , but I 'm not sure we would have gotten it done this week , " Mara said . "  I think the game sped up the process -- on both sides . "  For the owners , or at least from my point of view , it was the final straw because I started to see it would be very difficult for replacement refs to do their jobs the following weekend . " 2 . Even the NFL is n't immune to criticism . The NFL has enjoyed an unprecedented run as the dominant sports league in this country , and that was never in doubt even during the lockout . Ratings were still sky high for the games , and the outrage over the replacement officials was such a dominant story that it confirmed the league 's popularity more than it threatened it . The league thought there would n't be much sympathy for the referees -- they are , after all , an unpopular group . But the owners discovered that people cared too much about the sport to see it compromised -- especially the ones who are counting on a fair game when they bet on the outcome . Finally , when the lockout ended , Commissioner Roger Goodell had no choice but to apologize to the fans . "  Obviously , when you go through something like this , it is painful for everybody , " Goodell said . "  Most importantly , it is painful for our fans . We are sorry to have to put our fans through that , but it is something that in the short term you sometimes have to do to make sure you get the right kind of deal for the long-term and make sure you continue to grow the game . " 3 . Most of all : Refs are n't so bad after all . It was amazing , really . Referees , the most universally disliked group of people in America , became quite popular . Players all but begged for them to return . Fans railed against the NFL owners and Goodell for locking them out in the first place . Ed Hochuli , perhaps the most identifiable referee thanks to his impressive biceps , became a trending topic on Twitter . It was Hochuli who , in an attempt to keep he and his fellow refs fresh during the lockout , would hold conference calls every Tuesday night where they would discuss how hypothetical situations are enforced . One of those calls , of course , dealt with simultaneous possession . There likely will be some rust to shake off , but even a few mistakes wo n't change this : Finally , there seems to be a national acceptance that it takes a great deal of experience , knowledge and poise to officiate games in this complicated and brutal sport . "  The pressure on the replacement refs was becoming too much for them , and all of the missed and blown calls were messing with the integrity of the game , " Giants linebacker Michael Boley said . "  I 'm not saying the real refs will get every call right , but I think they will do a better job . Good to have them back . " Of course , nobody -- including the returning refs -- expected it to last very long . They might have gotten that standing ovation before the game , but less than three minutes into the game in Baltimore , fans booed when a call went against the hometown Ravens . Which , of course , was exactly how it should be .	NFL officials will work this weekend 's games following the lockout The refs were cheered when they returned for Thursday night 's Browns-Ravens game Replacement officials blew several calls in season 's first three weeks Fan and media outrage may have contributed to the lockout being settled
CNN  -- In the tech world , paying a celebrity to love your product can sometimes backfire . On Wednesday , NBA superstar LeBron James took to Twitter to announce a nightmare of the mobile age : "  My phone just erased everything I had in it and rebooted . One of the sickest feelings I 've ever had in my life !!! " Here 's the problem : That phone was , presumably , the Samsung Galaxy Note that the Miami Heat star is paid big money to endorse . His was just the most recent in a series of public missteps by celebrities who have been increasingly called upon to create buzz for tech products . James quickly deleted the tweet and soon thereafter -- presumably with some help from his friends at the Korean gadget company -- posted this : "  Close call . Wheew ! Got all my info back . Gamer ! Lol . " It 's not the first time a celebrity , an endorsement deal and Twitter have merged to create an awkward gaffe . Just this month , Oscars host Ellen DeGeneres took the Selfie Seen Round the World with a smartphone from Samsung , a major sponsor of the awards . But , backstage , she was caught tweeting Oscars thoughts from her iPhone . Singer Alicia Keys claimed she was hacked last year  the Anthony Weiner Defense ?  when she apparently sent a tweet from an iPhone just days after she was named a "  creative director " for BlackBerry . And in 2012 , Oprah Winfrey  or one of her staff  raved about the new Microsoft Surface tablet -- in a tweet using Twitter for iPad . Sometimes , competing loyalties collide when gadget endorsements are involved . In March 2013 , "  The Big Bang Theory " star Kaley Cuoco tweeted some  sponsored  praise for Dish Network 's Hopper , a DVR system . Turns out , CBS , which airs "  Big Bang , " was locked in a lawsuit with Dish and other DVR makers over the systems ' ability to skip ads . She did the obligatory tweet delete . Dish accused CBS of making her . CBS denied it . And the beat goes on . Martin Lindstrom , a brand adviser to Fortune 500 companies and author of "  Buyology : Truth and Lies About Why We Buy , " said such flubs are "  a major risk " companies run when they sign up celebrity endorsers . But do n't expect the practice to go away anytime soon . Lindstrom also said that , even in these faux-pas cases , the endorsements pay off . "  We learned that the positive effect seems surprisingly stronger than the negative effect , " he said , citing research conducted for one of his books . "  In reality , this means that the Oscar viewers are much more likely to remember Ellen 's Samsung endorsement , including the Samsung name , and  are  hardly judging on the brand if a celebrity messes around with the situation . " And while celebrity tweets make the headlines , Lindstrom said , the prevalence of social media now means they 're not the only ones we look to to decide what we think about a product . "  The concept of conventional celebrity endorsement has expanded from just engaging the superstars to everyone from the 10-minutes-of-fame person to even people who have carved out some niche audience on a very focused topic , " he said . "  We 've all more or less turned into personal brands -- and thus we 're all more or less likely to witness ourselves in a brand endorsement role in the future . "	LeBron James tweeted a complaint about the smartphone he endorses On social media , other celebrities have bagged on the brands they promote Ellen DeGeneres used Samsung onstage at Oscars , iPhone backstage Expert says positive endorsements still outweigh such flubs
EW.com  -- If anything can make you long for the hang-loose 1970s , it 's the prospect of looking for love in an era when dating is governed by more regimented thinking than the old Soviet Union . First came "  The Rules , " which said that the best way for women to nab a mate was by refusing to give it up  basically the code of the 1950s  . Then came "  The Game , " which said that if women are playing by "  The Rules , " then the only way for men to push past those defenses is to pretend to be even bigger cads than they are  which , according to the theory , secretly flatters women by tapping their desire to tame the male animal  . Then came Steve Harvey 's "  Act Like a Lady , Think Like a Man , " which funneled "  The Rules " and "  The Game " into one book by explaining to women all the ways that men are trying to outthink them . Romantics of the world , do your heads hurt yet ? "  Think Like a Man , " an amorous ensemble comedy based on Harvey 's 2009 best-seller , follows a dozen mostly African-American men and women as they attempt to navigate the brave new world of love by the book . The movie , which is very sitcom-setup-driven  it 's "  The Best Man " meets "  Valentine 's Day "  , introduces its embattled pairings with titles like " The Non-Committer vs. The Girl Who Wants the Ring " and " The Dreamer vs. The Woman Who Is Her Own Man . " For a while , the cookie-cutter behavioral tics are funny in an overly broad way , even if the dialogue is basically stand-up patter turned into glib , fast conversation . And the actors make good company . I especially liked Romany Malco as the velvet-smooth player Zeke ; Meagan Good as the spiky Mya , who finds it hard to stick to her dating-war codes ; and Kevin Hart as the hilariously raging Cedric , who ca n't stop jabbering about the divorce he only thinks he wants . Yet "  Think Like a Man " is so busy tracking courtship as if it were a science project that the bite-size love stories lack spontaneity . When the women first get hold of Harvey 's book , the manipulations that ensue are fun . When the men read the book and try to out-psych the women , the film should grow ever foxier in its complications -- but instead it comes down to a bunch of horndogs pretending to be chivalrous , which is repetitive and kind of soggy . That 's the downside of staging a romantic comedy by the rules . B - See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Think Like a Man , " is an amorous ensemble comedy based on Harvey 's 2009 best-seller Kevin Hart is the hilariously raging Cedric , who ca n't stop jabbering about the divorce he only thinks he wants It comes down to a bunch of horndogs pretending to be chivalrous
CNN  -- The London-based leader of one of Pakistan 's most powerful regional parties was arrested at his home Tuesday in connection with a money laundering probe , officials of his party said . Altaf Hussain , leader of Pakistan 's Mutahida Qaumi Movement , was arrested by London 's Metropolitan Police , MQM Senior Deputy Gov. Nadeem Nusrat told reporters in Pakistan . Hussain , 60 , leads MQM from the United Kingdom , where he sought political asylum in 1991 . MQM is the fourth-largest party in the Pakistani Parliament , holding 25 out of 446 seats , though it is a greater force in Sindh province , including Pakistan 's largest city , Karachi . Metropolitan Police said they arrested a 60-year-old man at a home in northwest London on suspicion of money laundering Tuesday morning , but they did not release his name . Hussain has been ill and was preparing to leave his home to get checked at a hospital when he was arrested , Nusrat said . "  Workers and supporters all over the world , including Pakistan , are very concerned and worried for his welfare , " Nusrat told reporters . Metropolitan Police said the man they arrested "  has an existing medical condition , " and that they were taking him to a hospital for a previously scheduled medical appointment . "  He will remain in custody of officers throughout , " the police said in a written statement . Details of the money laundering allegations were n't immediately available . Faisal Subzwari , a senior MQM politician , told CNN the party is cooperating with the Metropolitan Police investigation . After news of the arrest , MQM called for protests in Karachi , which turned violent . The party condemned the violence , blaming "  miscreants , " who have nothing to do with MQM , for what happened . The Prime Minister 's office similarly condemned the violence . "  Though , people are restive over the arrest , Law does not warrant the loss of people 's lives and properties on the pretext of reaction to the incident . The Prime Minister has directed the Government of Sindh and the law enforcement agencies to ensure the safety of lives and properties of people in Karachi , " it said in a statement . MQM is based in Karachi and is a force in Sindh province 's politics . It has the second-largest contingent in the provincial assembly , with 37 out of 130 seats . It styles itself as a voice for the downtrodden , the middle class and immigrants from nearby India , but political rivals accuse the party of using heavy-handed tactics , including intimidation , to stay in power . Hussain sought political asylum in the United Kingdom in 1991 because of an attempt on his life , the party has previously said .	NEW : MQM and the office of Pakistan 's Prime Minister condemn violence in Karachi Altaf Hussain , 60 , leads Pakistan 's Mutahida Qaumi Movement from the UK He was arrested at his London home Tuesday in connection with a money laundering probe MQM , a force in Sindh province , has second-largest contingent in the provincial assembly
TBILISI , Georgia  CNN  -- The number of people displaced by the warfare in Georgia is approaching 100,000 and the figure could rise , the U.N. refugee agency said Monday . Thousands of people have been displaced by the worsening conflict in the region . International agencies and nations were working to help thousands of people fleeing violence in war-ravaged Georgia , where 275,000 previously displaced people , refugees , stateless people and returnees had been living even before hostilities broke out last week between Georgia and Russia . "  It 's a very fluid situation , " said Ron Redmond , a spokesman for the U.N. high commissioner for refugees . Georgia proper is a particular problem because some of the people who fled to Gori in Georgia from South Ossetia when the conflict began found themselves in a conflict zone and had to go somewhere else . The numbers Redmond cited were as of Sunday . He said about 56,000 people have fled in and around Gori . Many displaced people are headed to Tbilisi , where people are staying with relatives and acquaintances or at facilities available for the displaced . Watch U.S. and Russia clash " The UNHCR said in a written statement that Georgian officials believe "  a few thousand have fled south into Georgia proper from South Ossetia , but a registration must be carried out to get an exact figure . " When UNHCR and World Food Program officials traveled to Gori on Sunday , they determined about 80 percent of residents had left the city , which appeared largely deserted . About 30,000 people from South Ossetia headed to North Ossetia in Russia , Redmond said , citing Russian numbers . He said many women and children are showing up without husbands and fathers , indicating many families have been separated . Many of the uprooted are "  extremely distressed , " he said . They are staying in schools and other public buildings . Those in schools will have to leave by September and "  there 's some concern about where they are going to . " "  It 's assumed that many will probably go back " to South Ossetia , Redmond said . At the same time , he said , "  There 's been heavy destruction . Many may not have anything to go back to . " Redmond said more displacement is possible because hostilities are continuing in the area . The World Food Program is providing food assistance to displaced people . It said the aid work is perilous because of what the agency says are "  continuing Russian air raids . " Over the weekend , the agency "  provided a 10-day food ration to more than 1,900 displaced people living in shelters " in the Georgian capital , Tbilisi , and said more distributions were taking place Monday . "  The number of people in need of our help is rising by the hour , " said Lola Castro , director of the WFP for Georgia . She said around 2,750 displaced people had been registered in Tbilisi , and others "  were living with relatives or in unofficial shelters . " UNHCR is working to help civilians fleeing the war zone in and near the disputed region of South Ossetia , where Russian and Georgian troops have been fighting , and is providing humanitarian relief . Over the weekend , the UNHCR and associates passed along aid to "  300 vulnerable Georgians from South Ossetia who had been transferred from Gori to Tbilisi . " "  The agency also provided tents and other supplies to partners in Gori for use by the displaced , if necessary , " the UNHCR said . The UNHCR said it is starting an "  emergency airlift of relief supplies to bolster its stockpiles of humanitarian aid in the Caucasus region . " High Commissioner Antonio Guterres authorized $ 2 million from UNHCR 's emergency reserve for "  possible immediate new needs in the region " and said more staff is being deployed . The first airlift flight is to tote 20,000 blankets and other aid items from UNHCR 's central emergency stockpile in Dubai to Georgia overnight Monday . Another flight is planned for Wednesday from Copenhagen , Denmark . There will be humanitarian supplies for up to 30,000 people in both flights . The UNHCR is planning to provide "  basic non-food aid items and temporary shelter where required , and has already activated the replenishment of stocks from its central emergency stockpile . " "  Our main concern as the U.N. refugee agency is with the safety of the civilians , both displaced and non-displaced , and with humanitarian access with the possibility for us to help those in distress , especially the uprooted , " said Antonio Guterres , the U.N. high commissioner for refugees . "  We have mobilized our financial resources and our humanitarian resources . Airlifts are starting with relief items to be able to help people . But we need to be able to get to them . " Guterres said he was pleased with the news that "  humanitarian corridors " will be established and said UNHCR is "  ready to provide immediate humanitarian support to Georgian or Russian authorities . " Both Russia and Georgia mentioned plans for such corridors -- one to North Ossetia in Russia and one to Georgia . The ICRC said a surgical team will be arriving in Georgia on Tuesday "  to reinforce local surgical staff , in particular those working at Gori 's civilian hospital . The Norwegian Red Cross is sending a field hospital to help treat people who have been wounded in Georgia . " That would include those in the South Ossetian capital of Tskhinvali . "  Over the past few days the ICRC has been able to visit hospitals in Alaguir , Ardon and Vladikavkaz , in the Russian Federation , and in Gori , Poti and Senaki in Georgia , " said Dominik Stillhart , the organization 's deputy director of operations . "  It 's still too early to say how many people have been killed or injured by the fighting , but our visits to these hospitals confirm that local medical facilities are dealing with a large number of wounded and dead . " The ICRC is hoping to distribute blankets , hygiene materials and cooking pots , and restore access to drinking water in Tskhinvali . The group plans to work with the Russian Red Cross in North Ossetia and provide emergency aid for families . The group is preparing to airlift 15 tons of medicines and medical supplies to treat injured people . The ICRC plans to send material "  for a water-treatment plant and distribution tanks capable of holding safe drinking water for around 20,000 people . " CNN 's Joe Sterling and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Almost 100,000 people displaced by warfare , says U.N. refugee agency Relief agency : aid work is perilous because of "  continuing Russian air raids . " UNHCR is starting an "  emergency airlift of relief supplies " Russian figures in N. Ossetia show 30,000 people entered from S. Ossetia
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo , Lionel Messi and Franck Ribery will battle it out for the FIFA Ballon d'Or , football 's most prestigious individual accolade . Global governing body FIFA whittled down the initial 23-man list to a final shortlist of three players , with the winner set to be announced during the annual Ballon d'Or gala in Zurich on January 13 . Barcelona and Argentina No. 10 Messi is hoping to be crowned the world 's leading player for a record fifth year in a row , but he faces stiff competition from Real Madrid 's Ronaldo . Portugal captain Ronaldo is the favorite to clinch the award for the second time in his career , having previously won it as a Manchester United player in 2008 , after a year which has seen him outscore Messi while also firing his country to next year 's World Cup in Brazil . France 's Ribery was a key player in the Bayern Munich team which won a European Champions League , Bundesliga and German Cup treble in 2013 . FIFA also announced the three men in the running for the coach of the year accolade . Former Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson is nominated for guiding the Old Trafford club to a record 20th English championship . The Scot called time on his glittering 26-year reign at United in May . Jupp Heynckes also stepped aside at the end of last season after leading Bayern to an historic treble . The German veteran is nominated alongside Jurgen Klopp , whose Borussia Dortmund team lost to Heynckes ' Bayern in the Champions League final but won many admirers with their vibrant , attacking football . The world 's leading female player will also be crowned . Brazilian star Marta is once again nominated for the award having won it five years in a row between 2006 and 2010 . Germany goalkeeper Nadine Angerer saved two penalties in a 1-0 win over Norway in the final of Euro 2013 , with American Abby Wambach completing the shortlist after becoming the leading goalscorer in international football history .	Cristiano Ronaldo , Lionel Messi and Franck Ribery shortlisted for 2013 Ballon d'Or The winner will be announced in Zurich on January 13 Alex Ferguson , Jupp Heynckes and Jurgen Klopp up for the coaching accolade Women 's winner to come from shortlist of Marta , Abby Wambach and Nadine Angerer
CNN  -- More than a dozen Chinese activists have been detained by authorities in an apparent crackdown ahead of the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre . Others have been placed under house arrest or questioned by police in what Amnesty International says is an attempt to prevent public commemorations of those who died on June 4 , 1989 . Among those detained are five activists -- a human rights lawyer , two writers and two academics -- who were held by police on May 6 after attending a low-key seminar in Beijing to discuss the anniversary . They were subsequently held on suspicion of "  picking quarrels , " according to Amnesty . Among them is prominent human rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang , well known in the Chinese media for representing high-profile dissidents such as artist Ai Weiwei , and those detained in the now-defunct "  re-education through labor " system . On Thursday , Pu 's lawyer and neice , Qu Zhenhong , was also detained on suspicion of "  illegally obtaining personal information , " according to Human Rights in China . ` Nervous ' authorities Pu took part in the student-led demonstrations in the summer of 1989 that ended in a tragic military crackdown on protestors in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square on June 4 of that year . An official death toll has never been announced but estimates from human rights groups and witnesses range from several hundred to thousands . Other seminar attendees currently being detained include online dissident Liu Di , also known as "  stainless steel mouse , " film critic Hao Jian , dissident writer Hu Shigen , and noted Chinese scholar Xu Youyu , according to rights lawyer Shang Baojun . William Nee , a China researcher for Amnesty International , said the arrests were "  distressing . " "  It is distressing when some middle-aged people had a small gathering in a private setting , trying to remember the people who died in Tiananmen Square ... that even this kind of low key-event with moderate people is not allowed in China right now , " he said . "  If having a small gathering in a private setting is ` picking a quarrel , ' then what is n't ? "  I think  the authorities  are very nervous about the 25th anniversary of Tiananmen Square and what it represents . " More arrests Signs of an apparent crackdown appeared when press freedom advocate Gao Yu and her son Zhao Meng were both taken away by authorities on April 24 . She was reported missing by rights groups after she failed to show up for the Tiananmen commemoration seminar in Beijing . On May 8 , Gao was formally detained on suspicion of leaking state secrets to a foreign entity . The whereabouts of her son are still unknown . Another activist , Xie Wenfei , was arrested in Guangdong Province on the same day as the Beijing group , also on suspicion of "  picking quarrels , " according to Amnesty International . "  These charges and detentions lay bare just how little the Chinese government 's attitudes towards human rights have changed since 1989 , " said Sophie Richardson , China director at Human Rights Watch . When asked about criticism of China 's human rights record , Ministry of Foreign Affairs Spokesperson Hua Chunying told CNN that human rights should n't been viewed in the "  criteria of the United States . " "  Our society is moving forward , the living standards of people have improved and level of freedoms are at their highest , " she said . Others being held include former Tiananmen student leader Xu Guang , who was formally arrested in Zhejiang and charged with "  inciting subversion of state power . " Three others who are being detained but had not been formally arrested or accused of a crime , among them are Chen Guang , an artist and former soldier held in connection to a private art performance referencing the Tiananmen incident . Two more are under house arrest , including Ding Zilin , spokesperson for the Tiananmen Mothers group , while 10 had been questioned by police , according to Amnesty . In another case with links to Pu , a Beijing-based journalist , Wu Wei , has been missing since May 7 . Wu frequently interviews Pu and her last microblog post discusses his case . She is widely believed to be in criminal detention , according to China Human Rights Defenders . Moderates Public discussion of the June 4 anniversary is still taboo in mainland China and it is never been publicly marked there , though an annual vigil is held in the Special Administrative Region of Hong Kong . In the lead-up to the anniversary each year , many activists in China are typically held by police . But the recent detentions are unusual as the anniversary is still a month away and those targeted are considered moderates . In an interview with CNN in July last year , Pu dismissed the risks he could be taking with his work . "  I think I am fine , I am a moderate , the government has treated me well and I am a veteran lawyer . I did n't make any mistakes in my career . I am not radical , I do not threaten the government . " "  When you block the moderate channels you are pushing people to more extreme actions , " said Maya Wang , researcher for the Asia Division of Human Rights Watch . "  The government is detaining people who have acted as bridges between authorities and activists . It leaves the question of what authorities are able to tolerate and what avenues people have to complain . " While many activists initially hoped that President Xi Jinping would preside over a system more tolerant of dissent and discussion , his administration is widely seen as tightening the screws on the work of activists and intellectuals , including the sentencing of Xu Zhiyong , another human rights lawyer pushing for financial transparency of China 's leaders , to four years in prison in January . CNN 's Zhang Dayu contributed to this report .	Moderate dissident voices and intellectuals held by police ahead of Tiananmen anniversary Beijing accuses activists of "  picking quarrels " Chinese government 's stance on human rights remains unchanged since crackdown in 1989
London , England  CNN  -- Sherlock Holmes the movie has already made more than $ 300 million at the box office worldwide and British tourism officials are hoping it means money for them too . Britain 's tourism board has been promoting films for the past 15 years , so they know just how lucrative a movie like "  Sherlock Homes " can be . "  To give you an example of a typical blockbuster film , it is normally seen by about 120 million people in the first three weeks of opening , " Visit Britain official Laurence Bresh told CNN . "  Even if a small percentage of those come to visit Britain as a result of this particular film , that 's going to have a huge boost in some of those tourism attractions featured in our promotion . " As much of "  Sherlock Holmes " is set in London this means big business for museum officials and gift shop operators . The Sherlock Holmes Museum at 221b Baker Street is the address where the fictional detective lived , according to the stories by Conan Doyle . Nearby , a nine-foot statue of Holmes greets visitors at the Baker Street Underground station . Inside the museum , visitors can check out Holmes ' study , sit in his armchair by the fireside , examine his calabash pipe and observe his chemistry equipment . "  I think Hollywood has put its magic touch on the legend , and they 've put , as it were , a magnifying glass over the character and of course things you could say are slightly exaggerated , but that 's the wont of Hollywood and that 's what makes these blockbusters successful , " John Riley , Assistant Curator of the Sherlock Holmes Museum said . "  So any new perspective , any new angle always just helps to perpetuate the legend of Sherlock Holmes . And that indirectly will obviously benefit the museum . " About 70,000 visitors a year stop by the Victorian lodging house , though officials are expecting a spike of interest fueled by the new movie . While thousands of tourists flock to visit the museum , many of its visitors are unaware that Sherlock Holmes was actually not real person . "  A few people do think he is a real character , particularly with the tour of his house on ` Baker Street ' adding fuel to the fire so to speak , " Mark Di-Toro from Visit Britain said . "  That is just testament to Doyle 's brilliant writing with his true to nature locations in the books meaning tourist can really relate and visit all the fantastic locations . " A. Pawlowski and Phil Han contributed to this report .	New movie "  Sherlock Holmes " inspires guides to places of interest to fans of the detective British tourism officials hope the movie will bring more tourists to London Many are unaware that Holmes was a fictional character The movie has already made more than $ 300 million worldwide
Beijing  CNN  -- The public outcry continued in China 's cyberspace days after Haobo , a two-month-old boy , was killed by a man who stole his parents ' car with the child inside . The incident attracted attention at the highest levels of government , and raised much online finger-pointing to the suspect , police , the parents , Chinese media and society . It also shed light on censorship in China , after a decree from propaganda chiefs on how local media should cover the case was leaked online . The tragedy started Monday morning when Haobo 's father , who lives in the northeastern Chinese city of Changchun , left him in his car with the engine running while he went into the store he owns to turn on indoor heating . When he came out , the car was gone with Haobo inside . The parents turned to the police and the public for help . Over 8,000 police officers took part in a manhunt , searching neighborhoods and parks . READ : Body of baby killed in China carjacking found The news of Haobo 's disappearance spread quickly , his picture forwarded across Chinese websites and on mobile phones . Millions of netizens were on tenterhooks , waiting for updates . Over 30 hours after the car theft , a 48-year-old man named Zhou Xijun turned himself up to the police . He admitted to strangling the toddler and burying him in the snow . The baby 's body has been found later . China soul-search This sad story reminded me of what happened last year to Wang Yueyue , the 2-year-old girl in southern China who was run over by a truck twice and was left dying unassisted as 18 people passed her by . Her plight , and the lack of human compassion , also triggered nationwide soul-searching . Many Chinese complain about the decline in public ethics . To some , this week 's death generated debate about the nation 's apparent moral decay in the midst of an economic boom . "  How can one even imagine strangling a baby just to steal a car ? " Ping Gu , a white-collar worker in Beijing tells me . "  What about basic humanity , conscience , values ? " At the ongoing annual meeting of China 's legislature , Premier Wen Jiabao obliquely acknowledged the problem , too . "  We should greatly increase education in public morality , professional ethics , family virtues and personal integrity , " the outgoing premier said in his state-of-the-nation speech last Monday . Wen proposed to "  foster healthy social conduct . " Censors jump on coverage Meanwhile , China 's propaganda czars have imposed a gag rule to stop the negative reporting on the case . In an internal decree issued Tuesday soon after the killer surrendered , they instructed the local media in Changchun to mute their reporting . A screen grab of the decree was captured before it was deleted . Translation : 1 . No front page coverage , the story should n't be bigger than half a page on newspapers . TV channels shall not run long feature reports . 2 . Reports should criticize the killer and highlight the positive efforts made by the police . 3 . No questioning or finger-pointing of the police . Do n't criticize the city 's  Skynet  surveillance network . Stop interviewing victim 's family and relatives . 4 . Without further orders , newspapers should stop covering the incident starting tomorrow . TV and radio should stop covering after tomorrow 's morning news . Perusal of the local Changchun newspapers the past few days show that the local media have acceded to the decree . Recent reports on the incident were short , tucked inside and uplifting . On March 7 , four days after the incident , the Changchun Daily published on page 4 a short report saying that the Changchun city officials had visited Haobo 's relatives , who "  expressed thanks to people from various sectors for their concern and hard work . " A local Changchun journalist , who requested anonymity , complained of being "  caught in between a furious public who wants follow up stories on the incident and the propaganda officials who imposed the gag order . " Online firestorm Despite the media clampdown , Haobo 's grisly death has sparked public uproar , especially on Weibo , China 's micro-blogging site with more than 250 million users . Many condemned the killer . "  Hurry with the verdict ! " said @LuoMoShideShang . "  He deserves death penalty , no better way to calm people 's outrage . " Others blamed the parents . "  What kind of parents will leave their babies alone in cars ? " asked @Qiyanhenziaozhang . Still others blamed the media . "  Everywhere is posting information about the baby , and they irritated the killer and provoked his desperate act . The media has done a really bad work , " said Shenshang . Several netizens juxtaposed Haobo 's death with a similar incident in the United States . A month ago , an SUV was stolen in the Bronx in New York City , with an 8-month-old girl still inside . "  The silver Jeep was found abandoned just over an hour later with the child unharmedâ $ " after the perp phoned in the car 's location to police , " the New York Post reported . @ZuoJingXiaoWu : "  Ironically it 's the same story but with very different outcomes ! I believe that race has nothing to do with it but the problem is that Chinese people 's moral education is disgusting . Also , brain-dead parents have no qualifications for parenthood . " @LanXiaoHaiMayday : "  It 's either a matter of better law or purer hearts . " As the finger-pointing continues , other netizens have turned their ire on the police . One noted how the government in Changchun , the city where the crime took place , had since 2007 invested 140 million yuan  $ 22.5 million  to install a "  Skynet project " an intra-city video surveillance network , equipped with some 60,000 closed-circuit cameras . A micro-blogger named @LaoXuCommentary wryly noted : "  Citizens found the stolen car , the suspect turned himself in , thousands of police searched downtown while the man had escaped to the countryside already . A camera surveillance system worth 140 million yuan went blind in this case . " While some angry postings have been deleted on China 's social media sites , no new key words related to the case have been blocked on Chinese search engines -- a common censorship tactic -- just yet . Meantime , citizens are still expressing their grief and outrage on Haobo 's grisly death online .	Huge outcry in China 's cyberspace after a two-month-old boy was killed by a carjacker Incident has raised finger-pointing to police , the parents and Chinese society A leaked memo shows how Chinese censors sought to clamp down on media coverage Despite the media clampdown , the grisly death has sparked public uproar online
Ishinomaki , Japan  CNN  -- For three days , they had been waiting , waiting , waiting . They were high , dry and alive , but their patience , energy and water supplies were running low . Up to 200 people knew they could n't venture out on their own , marooned in the Ishinomaki office building after the remnants of a massive tsunami swamped the town , as it did many others in northeast Japan . When Japanese military personnel arrived , to whisk them away in boat after boat after boat -- over scores of trips , two to six people at a time -- they finally knew that survival was at hand . Still , many of their hopes and prayers remained unanswered . "  I have no words " to describe how difficult it has been since last Friday 's 9.0-magnitude earthquake , Mutko Chiva said . "  I 'm so scared . I am panicked . " Prime Minister Naoto Kan said Monday about 15,000 people have been rescued , according to Japan 's Kyodo News Agency . Yet such success stories -- like what happened Monday in Ishinomaki , a city of about 160,000 northeast of the hard-hit city of Sendai -- are becoming increasingly rare , as time , food and water runs out for those stuck in buildings , covered in rubble or otherwise clinging for life . Japanese TV network NHK showed video of one man canvassing the streets on his bicycle , attached to which he 'd written a sign with his wife 's name . He carried photos of her , showing them to everyone he met in a desperate attempt to find her . A business owner in Iwate Prefecture choked back tears Monday , as he came upon a worker who had survived the tsunami that had consumed his town . He told NHK that he 'd located half of his 25 employees by Monday , but could n't account for the rest . Chiva , the woman in Ishinomaki , knew that most of her co-workers were safe . She had been working alongside them , inside of the office building , when the quake struck Friday afternoon . But having no cell phone service or other means of communication , she did not know what had happened to her parents . In addition to those working inside , more people had trudged through floodwaters or otherwise sought refuge in Chiva 's building -- one of the highest in the northeast Japan town though , despite its locations several miles from the shoreline , still within the tsunami 's reach . Japanese authorities knew for some time that people were trapped inside , but could not dispatch rescue crews there due to difficulty in reaching the disaster-ravaged area and the scores of other crises competing for help . By Monday , the military began criss-crossing Ishinomaki 's streets in dozens of small rowboats and inflatable rafts , the only way to get around given the omnipresent water . One soldier told CNN that the mission of searching for signs of life in his homeland was emotionally challenging , if undoubtedly important . En route , the troops spotted one woman waving a white towel from a second-floor window . She told them she needed water , but did n't want to leave her home . The soldiers yelled to her , "  We 'll come and get you later on . Please wait . " Some evacuated from the office building , like Chiva , ended up going to hospitals to check their health after three days of subsisting on dwindling amounts of food and water . Others said they had no desire to go home , right away -- with one man telling CNN he just wanted to go to a "  safe place . " Many survivors in Ishinomaki and other quake - and tsunami-ravaged communities like it around Japan did n't have a choice to go home : More than 450,000 people whose homes were lost or are inaccessible are now in shelters , according to NHK . Still , heading home was a problem for tomorrow . For now , the challenge of making sense of the tragedy and coming to grips with their grief was more than daunting enough . After arriving at a Red Cross shelter , weakened survivors rescued from Ishinomaki were gently placed on stretchers and carried away . NHK showed a civil defense soldier carrying a woman into a room at the shelter . After he gingerly set her down , the woman rose to her feet with some difficulty and bowed to the soldier , telling him that she was all right . She bowed again and then collected herself to briefly tell her story , paraphrased by an NHK interpreter : "  She had been waiting for help all night , outside . She had been washed away by the wave . ... The moment she opened the door of the house , the water flooded in . ... She grabbed hold of a tree and hung on , hung on for dear life with the water all around her . A ... floor mat floated by , and she grabbed it and held on to that . " As the woman spoke in Japanese , the interpreter 's voice trembled in English : "  Her daughter was washed away . She was washed away , and she has not found her . " CNN 's Cameron Tankersley , Brian Todd and Justine Redman contributed to this report .	A woman rescued from a Ishinomaki building says , "  I 'm so scared -- I am panicked " She , like many others , have not been able to locate loved ones after the tsunami Rescue teams in rowboats have brought in hundreds of survivors in that city alone Japan 's prime minister has said at least 15,000 have been rescued , a report says
CNN  Sorry , I ca n't contain my excitement about this one . Remember the #LikeAGirl video , which became a sensation last summer ? It 's now been viewed online more than 80 million times worldwide , according to the company behind it , Always , a maker of sanitary pads . And it 's about to reach even more viewers . The powerful video so clearly demonstrated how the phrase "  like a girl " gins up negative and weak stereotypes . When adolescent girls , older women and boys were asked to demonstrate how to "  run like a girl " or "  fight like a girl , " their arms flailed as they ran and awkwardly slapped instead of throwing powerful punches . Contrast that with prepubescent girls , girls 10 and younger , who when asked to do the same thing ran as fast as they could and hit as hard as they could . They were girls on fire , and to them , running "  like a girl " meant nothing more than running like themselves . Well , a 60-second version of this video is about to get its biggest audience by far when it is showcased during the Super Bowl on Sunday . To give you a sense of the possible reach , more than 110 million people around the world watched the game last year . Meet the Puppy Bowl contestants ! Fama Francisco , vice president of Global Always , said the company has been thrilled with the response to the ad -- including over 54 million online views alone for the English version -- but determined that the most-watched television event of the year could take the message even further . "  We 've only reached one half of our girls in the United States and ... even fewer boys and men with the message , so I think with such a powerful message like this and the fact that we know it 's already making an impact and changing perceptions , there 's no better platform than the Super Bowl . " Francisco said the power of the ad is twofold . It illuminates the real and serious issue of the drop in self-confidence that girls go through at puberty and how attitudes can shift just by watching the video . She cited a study of 1,800 Americans between the ages of 16 to 49 , which was conducted by the group Research Now in December . Among girls ages 16 to 24 , 76 % no longer said they saw the phrase "  like a girl " as an insult after watching the video , she said . Two out of three men who saw it said they would stop or think twice before using the phrase "  like a girl " in a negative way . "  It 's already making an impact and changing perceptions . There 's no better platform than the Super Bowl to reach over 100 million people to spread the message and redefine the meaning of ` like a girl , ' " Francisco added . This Super Bowl ad will leave you speechless No word on the cost of the 60-second spot , but it is probably in the millions . CNN 's Brian Stelter reported that 30-second spots for Sunday night 's game on NBC cost $ 4.5 million . Lauren Greenfield is a critically acclaimed director and photographer whose past works include the film "  THIN " about eating disorders , the documentary "  The Queen of Versailles " about the economic collapse in 2008 and the book "  Girl Culture " on body image . She directed the "  Like a Girl " video , which involved interviews with more than 100 people . "  The fact that ` Like a Girl ' is playing at the Super Bowl is so exciting and important because it puts the message broadly into the mainstream , in front of men as well as women , " said Greenfield , who happens to also be a friend of my husband 's and mine . "  As we gather to celebrate one of the most important days in sports , ` Like a Girl ' reminds a giant audience that we need to empower our daughters , sisters , and mothers to be their best , and that means playing ball and living life ` like a girl , ' " said Greenfield , who received a Directors Guild of America award nomination for the commercial . She says she 's the first solo female director to get a nod in the commercial category . "  I am very proud that I also broke through a barrier by directing ` Like a Girl , ' " she added . NFL off-field woes tainting Super Bowl ? After a year in which the NFL has faced questions about how it handles domestic violence against women and campus sexual assaults have garnered national headlines , the #LikeAGirl ad could have an impact beyond the phrase itself , some women say . "  It is hugely significant that the #LikeAGirl commercial is being shown during the Super Bowl . The ad turns a negative stereotype of girls on its head during one of the largest sporting events watched by men  and women  all over the country , " said Jennifer Siebel Newsom , filmmaker and founder and chief executive officer of the nonprofit The Representation Project . The Representation Project is paying close attention to what ads are shown during the Super Bowl . It is collaborating with The 3 % Conference to host the second annual Super Bowl Tweetup to monitor the portrayal of women in ads during the game . Siebel Newsom said stereotypes do n't just hurt women . They hurt boys , girls and men , too , she said . "  Especially after such a destructive year for the NFL  and the women affected by it  , I hope we get to a place where we are not relying on gender stereotypes to divide us and instead can work together for a healthier culture for all , " she added . Her newest film , "  The Mask You Live In , " about the impact our narrow definition of masculinity is having on boys , men and society , just premiered at the Sundance Film Festival . In addition to unveiling a 60-second clip of the video during the Super Bowl , Always is sending Karlie Harman , a 15-year-old quarterback and the only girl on her football team in Northern Virginia , to the Super Bowl as a #LikeAGirl ambassador . The brand is encouraging people to share the video and what they proudly do #LikeAGirl on social media during the game . "  We can change the meaning of words . That 's what we are taking a stand on , and our message , which we hope will inspire girls , women , boys , is that we can make the everyday ` like a girl ' to mean amazing things , " Always ' Francisco said . "  I think our girls deserve that . " What do you think about the #LikeAGirl ad being shown during the Super Bowl ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	A 60-second version of the #LikeAGirl video will air during the Super Bowl The video has been viewed more than 80 million times online , according to Always Women say that showcasing the ad during the Super Bowl could have an enormous impact
The Philadelphia abortion doctor who was convicted of first-degree murder for killing babies that were born alive in his clinic has been sentenced to 30 years in prison for running a pill mill out of the same clinic , according to a U.S. attorney 's office statement . Kermit Gosnell , 72 , pleaded guilty to prescribing and dispensing narcotics from June 2008 to February 2010 . He wrote fraudulent prescriptions for hundreds of thousands of prescription pills -- including 600,000 pills containing oxycodone -- to cash-paying customers who showed no medical need , according to the Monday release from the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania . Gosnell , along with his staff , allowed customers to purchase prescriptions under multiple names , pay in cash and give tips to the clinic 's staff , according to the release . Gosnell horror fuels fight for abortion laws Gosnell wrote more than 2,300 prescriptions for controlled substances in January 2010 alone , charging up to $ 150 for each , according to the release . Gosnell pleaded guilty to conspiracy to distribute controlled substances , distribution and aiding and abetting the distribution of oxycodone and maintaining a place for the illegal distribution of controlled substances . In May , Gosnell was convicted on three counts of first-degree murder for killing babies at his West Philadelphia abortion clinic by cutting their spinal cords with scissors . He was sentenced to life without parole in exchange for waiving his right to appeal the convictions . Prosecutors had sought the death penalty . The medical clinic owned by Gosnell had been growing increasingly reckless , according to a 2011 grand jury report . Gosnell and nine other employees at the Women 's Medical Center were charged with crimes for the illegal practices at the clinic . Eight people involved at the Gosnell 's clinic have pleaded guilty to various charges , including four to murder . CNN 's calls to Gosnell 's attorney were not answered . Wife of convicted Pennsylvania abortion doctor gets jail time	Kermit Gosnell , convicted of killing babies in abortion clinic , also ran pill mill Doctor sold thousands of fake prescriptions from 2008 to 2010 , feds say More 600,000 pills with oxycodone were dispensed , U.S. attorney 's office says In May , he was convicted of murder for killing babies and was sentenced to life without parole .
Ten loveable mutts rescued from the streets of Sochi , Russia , arrived in the United States for adoption Thursday , the result of an international outcry over the plight of stray dogs in the 2014 Winter Olympics host city , organizers said . Sochi animal rescue organizations began bringing in dogs from the streets after reports that they were getting rounded up and poisoned circulated around the Games . At the time , American skier Gus Kenworthy , an Olympic silver medalist , made headlines when he pledged to bring four street dogs back to the United States after the Games . Humane Society International worked both on Kenworthy 's project and bringing these 10 dogs to the United States . "  These 10 are representative of some of the dogs that have been removed from the streets and are now up for adoption in Sochi , " said Kelly O'Meara , director of HSI companion animals and engagement . "  They 're the sweetest , most interactive , very friendly dogs , very adoptable that just happen to be unfortunate enough to be living on the street . " The group worked with PovoDog Animal Shelter in Sochi and two other organizations to arrange vaccination , documentation and travel for the dogs , who then spent two days in transit . "  These dogs have had a tremendous journey . It 's been almost two days of travel for them . They went from Sochi to Moscow , had a long layover in Moscow , and then the flight to Dulles airport today , " O'Meara said . "  And as you can tell , they have to be pretty chill to handle it like this . And they did . They all did remarkably well . " The dogs will be housed for the time being in the Washington Animal Rescue League facilities in the nation 's capital . Bob Ramin , CEO of the animal league , said the next few days are all about comfort for the animals . "  These animals are seeing a lot of new things and experiencing a lot of new things , so they 're kind of stressed out , " Ramin said . "  We want to make sure they know they 're in a safe place so we 've got our staff working with them one on one . " Each dog will get a medical evaluation . If all goes well , the dogs could be available for adoption within weeks . "  In the next couple of days , we 'll start socializing them , taking them out on walks with other dogs , and really just treating them like other dogs so they can have that socialization and feel safe , " Ramin said . Organizers say that they expect a great deal of interest in these dogs because the public outcry before , during and after the Games . More dogs are expected to arrive in the United States for adoption in the coming days .	Reports of stray dogs being killed in Sochi , Russia , before the Olympics fueled public outrage American skier and silver medalist Gus Kenworthy made the cause famous Ten dogs from Sochi arrived in Washington and will be available for adoption soon
CNN  -- The slaughter of civilians in Sudan goes on with too little attention . But when George Clooney gets involved , the world takes notice . And that 's at least a step in the right direction . Clooney brought the media spotlight with him Friday , as he protested outside the Sudanese embassy in Washington and was arrested alongside his father , longtime newsman Nick Clooney . On Wednesday morning there were crowds lining the hallways of the Russell Senate Building , a reception more suited to a movie star than a hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Inside the packed wood-paneled committee room , Clooney testified about his most recent trip into the remote Nuba Mountain region of Sudan with Enough Project co-founder John Prendergast , where they found themselves in a rocket attack and brought home harrowing footage of children freshly mangled by rockets and bombs pushed out of airplanes . The president of Sudan , Omar al-Bashir , who has been indicted as a war criminal by the International Criminal Court , and defense minister Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein are repeating a cycle of ethnic cleansing they infamously perpetrated in Darfur a half-decade ago . "  They are proving themselves to be the greatest war criminals of this century by far , " Clooney testified . Why George Clooney got himself arrested In a perfect world , the sight of a government slaughtering its own people would provoke enough outrage and attention . But this is not a perfect world , and when atrocities occur outside camera range it is difficult to get the world to care about the slaughter of their fellow human beings . That 's why Clooney envisioned the Satellite Sentinel Project , administered by the DigitalGlobe and the Harvard Humanitarian Initiative , which uses satellite surveillance technology to pierce the isolation of the Islamist nation . This allows anyone with a computer to be a witness to troop movements , while providing evidence of attacks and burnt villages . "  We are the anti-genocide paparazzi , " Clooney is fond of saying . The effect is a powerful role reversal -- dictators can no longer hide in the dark . It is difficult to keep people in the Western world engaged in the ongoing slaughters in Syria and the civil war in Somalia , let alone those in the isolated mountain region of Sudan . But state-sponsored murderers bet on our short attention span and lack of follow-through . They know the cameras will eventually go away and then they believe they can go back to killing with impunity . That 's why Clooney 's sustained focus on Sudan -- and his strategic self-deployment at carefully timed intervals -- has helped keep both light and heat on the Islamist government in Khartoum . When I traveled to what is now the Republic of Southern Sudan with Clooney a year ago for Newsweek to witness a successful independence referendum , Valentino Achak Deng -- the former "  lost boy " known to Americans as the subject of a "  fictionalized memoir " by Dave Eggers , "  What Is the What " -- told me that Clooney 's involvement in Sudan "  saved millions of lives " by drawing the world 's attention to the region and reducing the chance of another north-south civil war . Clooney is the first to admit that his star power can only help illuminate the problem ; it takes policy makers and political leaders to make direct changes that can save lives by stopping a conflict from escalating . What 's equally clear is that Clooney can serve as a "  gateway drug " into these issues , provoking more people to care and inspiring a new generation to help stop suffering half a world away . Clooney is trying to use his celebrity to get us to care about something more important than celebrity , an important wake-up call . But then it is up to each of us to take the next step and focus on humanitarian crises where they occur . We must add our own small wattage to the spotlight of international attention and assure the victims of state-sponsored violence that they will not be ignored , while sending murderous dictators the message that they have no place to hide in the 21st century . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : George Clooney , arrested at Friday protest , draws spotlight to Sudan He says world looks away , so Clooney backs satellite surveillance initiative over Sudan He says this strategy allows anyone with computer to bear witness to troop movements , attacks Avlon : Clooney sets example of how we should all be holding brutal dictatorship accountable
Cairo  CNN  -- A few days before the runoff elections that brought the Muslim Brotherhood candidate to the presidency , I was invited along with other civil activists to meet Mohamed Morsi . He did not show up , but his top advisers were present . After the long speech they gave about how Morsi will empower the civil society and that the Muslim Brotherhood will respect human rights including women 's rights , a colleague of mine raised his hand to ask a question . "  I saw in your booklet that you respect human rights and women rights according to Sharia , " my colleague asked . "  Is it different from the rights mentioned in the international conventions that Egypt has signed ? " The answer given by one of the leader of Morsi 's campaign was shocking . "  Sharia values women more than the international conventions , " the Morsi adviser said . "  Do you know that according to Sharia the woman may choose not to breastfeed her child or clean the house until her husband pays her for doing this ? " he added confidently , to much laughter in the room . This simple conversation , more than anything , sums up how the Muslim Brotherhood views women 's rights and what the status of women is likely to be under its rule . For while it may use the same terminology that we do , its perception of what those terms mean is completely different to that of liberal activists like me . They can not see a woman outside the biological stereotypes as a mother , child-bearer , and housewife . On the other side , activists like myself are working to establish women rights and gender equality in social , political , and civic spheres . Actually , they always describe "  women 's rights " as a western value and used to call it "  women 's issues . " The space provided for women on the Brotherhood 's Ikhwan website , for instance , is called "  family oasis " and is full of stories about bringing up children , making your husband happy , the proper dress for the woman , and such topics that views women 's role exclusively within the family . The Muslim Brotherhood in fact has a shameful record of marginalizing women in the group , until it needs to abuse them to beautify the group 's image . All through its history , the Muslim Sisters have never been allowed access to the leadership office of the Muslim Brotherhood group . The Muslim Brothers have changed this only in the past year by establishing the Freedom and Justice political party . It hired some women in the supreme committee of the party , but they are the wives , daughters , or relatives of leading brothers . We do not know much about them and they rarely -- if ever -- appear in public to speak on behalf of their party . Although the Muslim Brotherhood allows women to run for parliamentary elections , they put them at the bottom of the ticket or support them with weak campaigns . The women chosen are merely the wives of the leaders , regardless of their skills or qualifications . Thus , their chances to win are limited . This makes the group appear to be respecting women rights ; in reality it is doing the opposite . Regardless of the fact that Muslim Brotherhood declared in 2007 that they may never allow Egyptian "  women or Coptic Christians " in decision-making positions , they did not hesitate to exploit women to appear more moderate than other Islamist groups and appeal more to the political scene . In 2005 parliamentary elections , they put three women among the 133 candidates on their parliamentary election campaign platform . These women were the wives of prominent members in the group . They were politically weak and generally unpopular . One of them was Makarem Eldiary , who included many items in her political agenda that were clearly discriminatory towards women . Her equivalent in the post-revolution parliament is Azza Al-Garf who has been lobbying against the 2003 legislation that criminalizes the savage practice of female genital mutilation . A few weeks after her statements , the Muslim Brothers ' Freedom and Justice Party launched a medical convoy that roamed Upper Egyptian cities looking to circumcize girls . The Muslim Brotherhood can not be solely blamed for the marginalization of Egytian women , whose rights are almost grinding between two large stones . The first is the patriarchal mind-set that traps women in stereotypical female roles and stigmatizes any woman who tries to break out of this mold . The second is the rise of political Islamists who encourage this patriarchal mentality and are wrongly interpreting religion to justify the social and political marginalization of women in the name of Islam . One month after the revolution , we had a referendum on the constitutional amendments . Massive number of Egyptians motivated by their hunger for democracy participated in the poll . As a woman rights activist , I seized the opportunity to test people 's willingness to include women in their vision of democracy . I ran a survey about whether "  it is good for Egypt to have a woman president " outside polling stations in three areas Nasr City , Shubra , and Downtown . With the help of two interns , we surveyed 1453 people , including 634 women . The answer for my survey question was "  100 % no . " Ironically , most of the words that followed this extreme "  no " was loaded with much hatred and derision toward women . Despite the impressive role of women in the revolution , most Egyptians still believe that women are made for kitchen not for office . I do not know Morsi to pre-judge how women will be treated under his rule . Yet , I know the history of the Muslim Brothers that our new president came from . I know that they show respect to women rights only to hunt a political gain and then go back to mistreating them . If this happened this time , they will not be abusing the group 's women , they will be abusing Egypt 's women . I hope and pray every day that Morsi will prove me wrong and does his best -- despite the Muslim Brotherhood attitude toward women -- to empower Egypt through empowering its women in their non-biological roles . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dahlia Ziada .	Egyptian activist says Muslim Brotherhood views women only in terms of role as mother and housewife Dahlia Ziada argues Muslim Brotherhood has shameful record of marginalizing women New President Mohamed Morsi has much to prove to protect women 's rights , she adds
Atlanta  CNN  -- The board of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference is meeting to discuss whether to keep its current president . "  There has been speculation " that President Isaac Newton Farris Jr. will be dismissed , "  but that has not been decided , " Maynard Eaton , the SCLC 's communications director , said Tuesday night . "  His status is uncertain , " Eaton said . Eaton said the deliberations regarding Farris were "  not about character but about the direction the organization is going to go in the future . " Farris was elected president after the death of his predecessor , the Rev. Howard W. Creecy Jr. , in July 2011 . The Atlanta-based civil rights group is closely linked to the Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. , who co-founded the organization along with Ralph David Abernathy and served as its first president . Farris is King 's nephew . The SCLC has suffered through internal struggles in recent years as two competing factions claimed to run the organization . In 2010 , a Fulton County court ruled in favor of the national board . Creecy became president in January 2011 after King 's daughter Bernice King turned down the position , saying she was "  not interested in merely being a figurehead " and criticizing the "  turmoil , chaos and confusion " that had surrounded the SCLC for more than a year . After becoming SCLC president , Creecy selected Farris , 50 , as his vice president , Eaton said .	"  His status is uncertain , " spokesman says of Isaac Newton Farris Jr. . Farris has been SCLC president since the death of his predecessor last year The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was Farris ' uncle The organization has gone though internal strife in recent years
CNN  -- All but one of the families who lost relatives in Baghdad 's Nusoor Square killings have agreed to settle their claims against the security contractor formerly known as Blackwater , one of the survivors said Sunday . Hassan Salman , who was wounded in the 2007 shootings , told CNN that 16 of the 17 families of the dead agreed to $ 100,000 lawsuit settlements from Xe , as Blackwater now calls itself . Those wounded were offered between $ 20,000 and $ 50,000 apiece , Salman said . Blackwater guards protecting a U.S. State Department convoy opened fire in Nusoor Square , in western Baghdad , in October 2007 , killing 17 people and wounding more than two dozen . Blackwater denied any wrongdoing , arguing its contractors used necessary force to protect a State Department convoy that had come under fire from insurgents . Iraq called the killings unprovoked and an act of "  premeditated murder . " The incident led the Iraqi government to slap limits on security contractors hired by Xe and other firms operating in the country . Xe announced it was settling the lawsuit last week to allow the company , which is also under new management , to move ahead "  free of the costs and distraction of ongoing litigation . " One of the guards who took part in the shooting pleaded guilty to a voluntary manslaughter charge in a U.S. court 2008 . Five others were charged with manslaughter , but those cases were dismissed in late December when a federal judge found prosecutors wrongly used the men 's own statements against them . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Families of slain offered $ 100,000 to settle lawsuit , survivor of shooting says Blackwater guards protecting a convoy opened fire in Baghdad in October 2007 Seventeen people were killed ; security firm said guards came under fire Guard pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter ; charges dismissed against five others
CNN  -- The president of one of the world 's most famous football clubs has decided not to appeal a jail sentence for tax evasion as he stepped down from key roles at the reigning German and European champions Bayern Munich . Germany and Bayern legend , Uli Hoeness , who resigned from his post as president and board chairman , was found guilty by a German court Thursday and sentenced to three years and six months . "  After discussing the matter with my family I have decided to accept the judgment passed by Munich District Court  Landgericht  II regarding my tax affairs , " he said in a statement released on the Bayern Munich website . "  Evading tax was the biggest mistake of my life . I accept the consequences of this mistake , " he continued . "  Furthermore I hereby resign the offices of president of FC Bayern München e.V. and chairman of the FC Bayern München AG supervisory board with immediate effect . " Hoeness ' lawyer had initially intimated that the 62-year-old would appeal the sentence . During the trial , Hoeness admitted to evading $ 28.4 million  $ 39.6 million  in taxes on income earned in secret Swiss bank accounts . He was originally charged with evading $ 3.5 million  $ 4.87 million  but that amount increased to $ 39.6 million during the court process . State prosecutor Achim von Engel had called for a prison sentence of five-and-a-half years for Hoeness on seven counts of tax evasion . Hoeness thanked friends and colleagues for their backing , before pledging his continued support for Bayern . "  FC Bayern München is my life 's work and will always remain so . I will continue to be associated with this magnificent club and its people in other ways for as long as I live . " "  I wish to thank from the heart my personal friends and all followers of FC Bayern München for your support . " Hoeness played for Bayern from 1970-1979 before retiring through injury aged 27 . Despite that truncated playing career , he won the 1972 European Championship and the 1974 World Cup with West Germany and three successive European Cups with Bayern . Subsequently he was appointed general manager of Bayern , who won last year 's Champions League final at Wembley after beating German rivals Borussia Dortmund .	Bayern Munich president Uli Hoeness has said he wo n't appeal tax evasion sentence Lawyers initially intimated the former German international would appeal Hoeness has been sentenced to three years and six months in jail Bayern great resigns from club president and board chairman roles
Paris  CNN  -- Former International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn may face new sexual assault charges in France this week , days after charges against him in New York appeared to be on shaky ground . In anticipation of those new claims , a lawyer in France for the former IMF chief said he had filed a counterclaim against French writer Tristane Banon for "  false declarations " after the 32-year-old journalist and writer alleged that Strauss-Kahn assaulted her eight years ago . Strauss-Kahn 's lawyer 's filing was announced shortly after Banon 's lawyer , David Koubbi , said he will file the criminal complaint Tuesday with prosecutors , who will determine if there is enough evidence to file charges . The legal fireworks came days after questions arose about the truthfulness of a housekeeper who alleged that Strauss-Kahn tried to rape her in his New York hotel suite in May . Asked about Banon 's allegation , Strauss-Kahn 's co-counsel Benjamin Brafman said in New York , "  I do not wish to comment . " Banon 's mother , Socialist politician Anne Mansouret , said shortly after the housekeeper 's accusations were splashed across front pages around the world that her daughter had been attacked by Strauss-Kahn in 2003 but that she had discouraged her at the time from filing charges against him . He was never charged in connection with the alleged attack in France on Banon . Mansouret , a member of parliament , said she cautioned Banon not to file a police report at the time for fear it would hurt her journalism career . However , in light of the charges against Strauss-Kahn , 62 , after the alleged incident at a Sofitel hotel in New York in May , Banon 's attorney , Koubbi , said a few weeks ago that he and Banon were considering filing a complaint . Koubbi said the cases were not connected . "  I do n't see any reason why these two cases should be joined , because either the prosecutor has enough elements to condemn Dominique Strauss-Kahn in the United States -- and if he does , he should do it -- or he needs to bring two cases together to get a conviction , " he said in June . "  In that case , we do not want to participate , " he added . Strauss-Kahn 's attorney in France , Leon Lef Forster , did not respond to requests for comment on the allegations in May . Mansouret described herself last week as "  the woman who embarrasses the Socialist Party . " "  I am ... a sort of collateral damage in the DSK affair . I knew for a long time that my political career was sealed with this bomb , but I did n't imagine that this bitter past could be revived so violently , " she wrote July 1 on the Rue89 website , referring to the alleged attack in New York . Mansouret recently pulled out of the Socialist Party presidential primaries . Strauss-Kahn had been a front-runner for the party nomination until the New York arrest , and suggestions that the case was foundering have revived talk of his chances in next year 's presidential elections . Mansouret said in May that , in 2003 , her journalist daughter had interviewed Strauss-Kahn in his office in the National Assembly . However , after the interview , Banon received a text message from Strauss-Kahn , saying he was not happy with the interview and asking if he could speak with her again , Mansouret said . After Banon arrived at the address Strauss-Kahn had sent her , he locked the door to the room they were in , took her hand and grabbed her arm , according to Mansouret . Banon told him to let her go , and the incident ended with the two struggling on the floor , Mansouret said . Banon managed to escape the apartment and locked herself in her car , where she called her mother . Mansouret said she arrived about an hour and a half later to find her daughter still locked in the car and looking "  roughed up . " The heel of one shoe was broken , Mansouret recalled . But Mansouret told her daughter not to file a complaint out of concern that she would become known as Strauss-Kahn 's victim . CNN does not typically identify sexual assault victims , but Mansouret said her daughter gave permission for her name to be disclosed . In New York , the prosecutor 's case against Strauss-Kahn has been shaken in recent days after sources revealed that the housekeeper at the Sofitel hotel had been less than truthful with investigators . Within two days after the alleged attack occurred , she spoke by phone with a boyfriend in an Arizona jail in a recorded conversation . A source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN that she said that "  she 's fine and this person is rich and there 's money to be made , " as originally reported by The New York Times . The source also said the alleged victim had bank accounts in multiple states . "  She was getting deposits of several thousands of dollars at a time from people she knew , potentially involved in drug dealing , " the source said . The 32-year-old immigrant has admitted to prosecutors that she lied about her whereabouts following the alleged attack , the details of an asylum application and information she put on tax forms , according to documents filed in court Friday by prosecutors . Prosecutors said Friday that the woman also admitted to lying about being a victim of a gang rape . In angry remarks delivered outside the courthouse , the woman 's attorney , Kenneth Thompson , acknowledged problems with his client 's credibility , but the bottom line , he said , is that she was attacked . "  That was true the day it happened , and it is true today , " he said . "  She has described that sexual assault many times to the prosecutors and to me . And she has never once changed a single thing about that account . " The indictment and charges -- including criminal sexual acts and sexual abuse -- still stand . And , though Stauss-Kahn is now free to travel in the United States , the judge said authorities has continued to withhold the French financier 's passport . CNN 's Jim Bittermann , Susan Candiotti and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Lawyer for French journalist says he will file a criminal complaint over 2003 incident Banon 's mother advised her not to file a complaint for fear it would hurt her career Strauss-Kahn was arrested on an unrelated sex charge , but the case may be crumbling He resigned as head of the International Monetary Fund after the New York charges
CNN  -- An Arizona mayor is comparing a Border Patrol proposal to put razor wire on portions of the U.S.-Mexico border fence to building the Berlin Wall . "  We 've had a black eye because everybody is using the border as a political issue , " Nogales Mayor Arturo Garino said . The proposal , according to Garino , would put concertina wire on top of the 20-foot-high fence to the east and west of town . "  Tucson Sector Border Patrol is considering a proposed deployment of concertina wire in the Nogales area , " Border Patrol spokesman Brent Cagen wrote in an e-mail . "  Currently this proposal is still under review . Specifics concerning this proposal are unavailable at this time . " Should the U.S. be more like Mexico ? Nogales is a major trade hub on the border , abutting the Mexican state of Sonora . It is considered part of the Border Patrol 's Tucson Sector , which consists of 262 miles stretching from the Arizona-New Mexico border to Yuma County , near Lukeville . Garino , a former law enforcement officer and member of the Southwest Border Task Force , praised the Border Patrol for the "  tremendous " decrease in drug and human trafficking in southern Arizona . But he said that adding razor wire will negatively affect international trade . "  I strongly believe we do n't need it , " he said . "  It 's an eyesore . It 's a dangerous thing . We need to build relations with Sonora and Mexico . Let 's become a power in the world economy . " Victor Brabble , public affairs manager for U.S. Customs and Border Protection , said Garino 's concerns will be taken into account before a final decision is made . "  We are consulting with community leaders to evaluate the economic , environmental , political , and social implications our proposals may have on the communities we serve , " he wrote in an e-mail . House GOP split over immigration reform Nogales City Councilman John Doyle , a Nogales native , echoed Garino 's opposition to the proposal and said he was shocked to learn about it . "  We 've always been the home of the brave , and now we are living in fear , " he said . Nogales officials will meet with Homeland Security personnel this week to continue reviewing the proposal , which is being considered as a deterrent to would-be illegal crossers , Garino said . "  Right now , it 's a proposal , " he said . "  But if somebody says ` yes , ' it 's going up . " Garino also grew up in Nogales and said he thinks the best deterrent is increased manpower . Agents should be reassigned from checkpoints and interior bases to the border , he said . "  Bring the Border Patrol to the border and have them do their jobs . " ` The Bridge ' brings U.S.-Mexico border tensions to TV	Razor wire could be placed atop the border fence near Nogales , Arizona The area is considered part of the Border Patrol 's Tucson Sector The Tucson Sector is a major drug and human trafficking corridor Mayor , a Nogales native , serves on Southwest Border Task Force
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Two of nine mortars fired from Gaza into Israel on Wednesday contained white phosphorous , Israeli police told CNN . Bomb disposal experts examined the mortars and confirmed that two contained white phosphorous , a police spokesman said . It was not the first time that Hamas has attempted to target Israel using mortars containing white phosphorous , the spokesman said . White phosphorus ignites and burns , creating white smoke when it is exposed to oxygen . Militaries use it as a smoke screen to protect troops during combat . If it comes in contact with skin , however , white phosphorus creates an intense and persistent burn . Israel itself has been roundly criticized for firing white phosphorus shells over densely populated areas during the Gaza offensive that began in late 2008 . However , in a July report to the United Nations , Israel pledged to limit the use of munitions containing white phosphorus and to make greater efforts to protect civilians during conflicts . The latest allegations and violence come amid a fresh round of Middle East peace talks that began Tuesday in Egypt and continued Wednesday in Jerusalem .	Bomb experts examined the mortars White phosphorous can create an intense and persistent burn Israel has been criticized for using the material during the Gaza offensive
CNN  -- A bond hearing is scheduled for Friday in the case of George Zimmerman , the neighborhood watch volunteer who fatally shot 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in Florida , the court said Wednesday . The new judge in the case , Kenneth Lester Jr. , will preside , according to the Eighteenth Judicial Circuit . The previous judge in the case approved a motion Wednesday to disqualify her after it was revealed that her husband works with a CNN legal analyst who has commented on the case . Seminole Circuit Judge Jessica Recksiedler said in her decision that while the findings on each basis were "  legally insufficient " for disqualification , "  the cumulative effect of the events and the totality of the circumstances provides a legally sufficient basis for this court to grant the motion to disqualify , " a statement from the court said . New judge ` no soft touch ' This week , Recksiedler is on temporary assignment from the Florida Supreme Court and is hearing oral arguments at the Fifth District Court of Appeal in Daytona Beach , court spokeswoman Michelle Kennedy said in a statement Tuesday . Wednesday 's order directed the case to be returned to the chief judge for reassignment , who in turn ordered that Lester be appointed to preside over the Zimmerman case . Zimmerman , 28 , fatally shot Martin in Sanford , Florida , on February 26 , a killing he has said was in self-defense . The case has stirred civil rights activists nationwide and drawn intense publicity . The city of Sanford has scheduled a community meeting at 6:30 p.m. Thursday at a church to provide members of the public an opportunity to discuss the incident , according to the Sanford mayor 's office . Mayor Jeff Triplett will be among officials attending , the office said . Case divides Sanford Recksiedler said last week that she would entertain motions to disqualify her from the trial because her husband is a law partner of Mark NeJame 's . Zimmerman approached NeJame about representing him . NeJame is now a CNN contributor , providing analysis on this case . NeJame said Zimmerman "  contacted my office , attempting to reach me , and wanted to hire me to represent him " on March 13 . One of his law partners relayed that request to NeJame , who declined . He explained later that he knew how taking on "  big national cases  can  take a lot out of you " and wanted to have more time to spend with his children . "  I decided simply not to , " the Orlando lawyer said . NeJame acknowledged Tuesday , "  it 's an appearance of a conflict , an appearance of an impropriety " for Recksiedler to preside over the case . But he said he thought she did nothing improper by waiting for a request from attorneys instead of offering to recuse herself first . "  I do n't think she did anything out of the ordinary for this extraordinary situation , " he said . Meanwhile , media organizations , including CNN , petitioned Recksiedler Monday to reverse an order sealing court records in Zimmerman 's prosecution . Prosecutors did not object when Zimmerman 's attorneys asked Recksiedler to seal records last week . The judge ordered the court filings and other records sealed "  without giving the public and press an opportunity to oppose closure , " the media said in its motion . Florida law requires a judge to consider whether the records closure is needed to "  prevent a serious and imminent threat " to justice , the media members argued . The court must also find that there is no alternative to sealing the records that would provide a fair trial and that the action would not be "  broader than necessary to accomplish this purpose , " they said . In addition to CNN , several broadcasting and newspaper companies -- including the publishers of USA Today , the Miami Herald and The New York Times -- are part of the effort to unseal the documents . Zimmerman defense attorney Mark O'Mara said Monday that he favors keeping documents sealed in this case in large part because of concerns that witnesses might be contacted and in danger if certain information is released . "  Our  overall philosophy  is  to keep the information flow concentrated within the court system , " he said . "  It 's much better handled there . " As to his client , O'Mara said he speaks "  at least a couple times a day " with Zimmerman , whom he described as doing well physically but "  frightened . " Zimmerman is scheduled to return to court Friday for a bail hearing . O'Mara says he hopes his client will be eligible for bail after that hearing and eventually be allowed to go free until the trial . If he does get out , though , the lawyer said , there are legitimate fears about Zimmerman 's safety . "  There have been a lot of emotions that have come forward in this case , and some of those emotions have shown themselves in bad ways , " O'Mara said . Lester has served on the circuit court since 1996 . He is currently assigned to the Criminal Division but has previously served in the Juvenile , Delinquency , Dependency , Probate , Guardianship , and Mental Health divisions of the circuit court . A 2011 poll by the Central Florida Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers rated Lester the top judge in the county in terms of legal knowledge and diligence . He had the second-highest overall score among Seminole County circuit judges in that survey , which also ranked the jurists for impartiality , freedom from bias and demeanor . CNN 's Kelly Frank and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : A bond hearing for George Zimmerman has been set for Friday Judge Jessica Recksiedler approves a motion removing her from the case The judge 's husband is a law partner of a CNN legal analyst Chief judge orders that Judge Kenneth Lester Jr. be appointed to preside
Monson , California  CNN  -- In California , water flows uphill toward money and power . That 's a well-known maxim out here , especially in the Dust-Bowl-ready Central Valley -- that forgotten stretch of California that grows 40 % of U.S. fruits , nuts and other table foods . Meet a few people and it 's easy to see why . There 's Joel Sampedro , 56 , whose garden hose started spitting out sand , not water , about this time last year ; or Simona MagaÃ ± a , a 70-year-old former farm worker who stores water in buckets in the back of a rusty yellow pickup truck because her well is busted and there 's no reliable public system for her to hook up to ; she uses that nonpotable water to wash dishes , take showers and "  flush " the toilet ; or Eunice Martinez , 48 , who , like many here , makes a distinction between "  water , " which is the stuff that comes from her tap , and which is usually too polluted to drink , and "  drinking water , " which is the stuff she buys in plastic bottles . "  We 're in the United States of America . We should be able to turn on that water and drink out of it , " Martinez told me , standing by her kitchen sink , which has a five-gallon water jug next to it for cooking . "  We ca n't ... It 's discriminatory , racist . " This is the invisible California -- the "  other California . " A place of pickup trucks and pesticides . More West Texas than West Hollywood . It 's the same California John Steinbeck chronicled in "  The Grapes of Wrath , " the epic book about "  Okies " who left the Great Plains during the Dust Bowl and fled to farms here . Some of them are still around . On Tuesday , I went to the town of Tooleville  nickname : "  Little Okie "  ; and the unincorporated town of Monson . There , I met Clarence Harms , whose family came to this supposed promised land from Kansas and Oklahoma when the dust storms made life back there unbearable . And it 's the California that 's going to be the subject of my next project in the Change the List series . I 'm fascinated by this forgotten valley and a major river , the San Joaquin , that cuts through it . The advocacy group American Rivers recently named the San Joaquin the "  most endangered " river in the country . To figure out why , I 'm setting off on a three-week journey to try to kayak and walk along its path . I 'm doing so because I want to understand the river and the people who depend on it -- beyond the screaming headlines about drought-year California politics . I want to get to know this river , at a river 's pace , on a river 's terms . I started the journey on Tuesday by going on a tour of the Central Valley with the Community Water Center in Visalia , California . I did that because I wanted to understand how and why water matters to people here . I found out it 's everything . Yet there 's not nearly enough to go around . Wells are going dry . Those who do have water have to deal with pollution from nitrate , which is linked to blue baby syndrome , kidney disease and other maladies . Some blame farmers for slurping up groundwater with virtually no regulatory oversight from the state . Farm advocates say there 's not enough river water for them , in part because of regulations to protect rare fish . They say they 're pulling groundwater to survive , too . I 'm going to withhold judgment for now , but I plan to wade deeper into these and many other environmental and social issues on my trip down the San Joaquin . The adventure down the river starts for real on Wednesday . I 'm going to hike up to the untouched headwaters , high in the Sierra Nevada . I 'm hoping to end beneath the Golden Gate Bridge in early July . That 's assuming I do n't get lost or die of heat exhaustion . You can follow the journey on Twitter , Instagram and Facebook . Or , to make it easier , there 's a page on CNN.com that will collect all that stuff for you . I 'll be using the hashtag #endangeredriver . I could ramble on about my plans , but you 'll get to hear all about them in the coming weeks . For now , let me leave you with this : Water is such a deeply personal topic out here in California that Marcelina Sampedro , the wife of the man whose hose started sputtering sand , told me she has two recurring dreams about it . Both are about a river , but they 're slightly different . Version1 : The water is clean and pure . Someone is struggling to swim , but Sampedro is able to grab this anonymous person and pull him or her out to safety . Version2 : The river is polluted , which makes it not unlike the water that comes out of her tap . She and her husband use a $ 900 water filter/robot  it looks like a miniature version of Eve from WALL-E  to remove the nitrates from the water that comes out of their sink . They both work on fruit orchards , picking crops in the 100-degree heat , paid by the weight , and making about $ 26,000 , together , per year . In that second dream , again , the person in the river is drowning . She tries to help but ca n't . The unnamed figure drowns . She wakes up to a life where she and her husband would have no water at home if it were n't for the generosity of Clarence , their neighbor , who gives them water from his well . They 're all worried his well could go dry , too . There are potential fixes for all this , and state programs that are trying to bring safe water to more people in the Central Valley and elsewhere . But there 's just not enough water to go around . So water continues to flow uphill . Toward money and power . That 's the history . And , if more 's not done , it 's looking like the future .	John Sutter is starting a project on California 's San Joaquin River and watershed He is going to try to walk and kayak down the river American Rivers named the San Joaquin the "  most endangered " U.S. river It starts in the Sierra Nevada and flows into the San Francisco Bay
CNN  Latest developments : • One of the pilots on board Germanwings Flight 9525 was locked out of the cockpit when the plane crashed , a senior military official told The New York Times Wednesday , citing evidence from the cockpit voice recorder . • Lufthansa , the parent company of Germanwings , said "  we have no information from the bodies investigating the incident that would corroborate the report in The New York Times . We will not participate in speculation , but we will follow up on the matter . " • Helicopters have airlifted some victims ' remains from the site of the Germanwings plane crash in the French Alps , the Gendarmerie said Wednesday , according to CNN affiliate France 2 . Full story : Investigators trying to determine what caused the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525 have made a startling discovery in an audio recording , according to a New York Times report : One of the plane 's pilots was locked out of the cockpit before the crash . "  You can hear he is trying to smash the door down , " a senior military official involved in the investigation told the newspaper , describing audio from the cockpit voice recorder , one of the plane 's black boxes . "  We do n't know yet the reason why one of the guys went out , " the official said , according to the Times ' report . "  But what is sure is that at the very end of the flight , the other pilot is alone and does not open the door . " Lufthansa , the parent company of Germanwings , said it was looking into the report . "  We have no information from the bodies investigating the incident that would corroborate the report in the New York Times , " spokesman Boris Ogursky said . "  We will not participate in speculation , but we will follow up on the matter . " The Times ' report is a "  terribly shocking revelation , " CNN aviation analyst Peter Goelz said . But he and other experts cautioned that it 's still unclear what could have been going on inside the cockpit . Possibilities range from a medical emergency to something more nefarious , like a suicide mission , CNN aviation analysts said . Officials previously said that had n't ruled out terrorism , but it seems unlikely . French authorities revealed earlier Wednesday that they 'd been able to access audio from the recorder , even though its external casing was damaged . But they disclosed few details about what the recording actually contained , saying only that there was one audio channel with voices on it that went all the way up to the time of the crash . "  It is too early to draw conclusions to what happened , " said Remi Jouty , head of the BEA , the French aviation investigative arm leading the probe . "  There is going to be detailed work performed on that audio file to understand and interpret the sounds and the voices that can be heard . " Finding the plane 's second black box will also be critical to understanding the mystery of what went on inside the jet . That box , the flight data recorder , has n't been found yet , but Lufthansa CEO Carsten Spohr said Wednesday that there 's a high probability it will be . Investigators scoured dangerous terrain in the French Alps as they searched for clues in the wreckage . Workers dropped to the crash site from helicopters , Jouty said , and had to be tied together because the steep area in the mountains is so treacherous . Spohr said Tuesday 's plane crash "  represents the darkest hours " in the history of his company , which owns Germanwings . Officials are struggling to understand how an airplane that "  was in perfect technical condition " with two experienced pilots "  was involved in such a terrible accident , " he said . But even worse , he said , is seeing the heartbreak of the relatives and friends of the victims who perished in the crash . "  What they have gone through is , of course , incomprehensible , " he said , describing what he said was an emotional meeting between the relatives and airline executives Wednesday . And now , he said , the company 's focus will be taking care of them . Special Lufthansa flights will take relatives and friends of victims to southern France on Thursday , so they can be near the search scene , he said . "  We need to understand what happened , " French President Francois Hollande said . "  We owe that to the families . " The doomed flight was traveling from Barcelona , Spain , to Dusseldorf , Germany , when it crashed Tuesday in the French Alps . Germanwings said the plane reached its cruising altitude of 38,000 feet , and then dropped for about eight minutes . The plane lost contact with French radar at a height of about 6,000 feet . Then it crashed . There were 150 people from 18 countries on board . Mother , daughter from Virginia among the victims Teams have begun the daunting task of identifying the victims ' bodies , but caution that it could take time to complete . Investigators are still trying to piece together what caused the crash . Jouty , the head of the investigation team , said the debris suggests the plane hit the ground and then broke apart , instead of exploding in flight . Radar followed the plane "  virtually to the point of impact " in the Alps in southern France , Jouty said . The flight 's last altitude recorded by radar was just over 6,000 feet . FBI agents based in France , Germany and Spain are looking through intelligence sources and cross referencing the passenger manifest of Germanwings Flight 9525 , two senior law enforcement officials said . So far , their search has n't turned up anything that "  stands out " or anything linking the passengers to criminal activity , according to one official . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Rene Marsh , Nic Robertson , Pierre Meilhan , Richard Quest , Holly Yan , Laura Smith-Spark , Greg Botelho , Mariano Castillo , Hala Gorani , Elwyn Lopez , Laura Akhoun , Stephanie Halasz , Lindsay Isaac , Karl Penhaul , Marilia Brocchetto , Vasco Cotovio , Alexander Felton , Erin McLaughlin and Pamela Brown contributed to this report .	Lufthansa : We have no information to corroborate the New York Times report Report : Audio recording includes sounds of pilot trying to smash down cockpit door Teams are still searching for the flight data recorder
CNN  -- A Moroccan court on Friday sentenced to death Adil Othmani , the main suspect in a terrorist attack in Marrakech last spring , Morocco 's state news agency , Maghreb Arabe Presse , reported . Othmani was held responsible for an explosion that tore through a cafe April 28 , killing 17 people and wounding 20 others . The blast occurred at Cafe Argana in Place Jemaa el Fna , a bazaar and square popular among tourists . Moroccan authorities said the bomber remotely triggered two explosives , which he had placed there while disguised as a Western hippie . A Moroccan Ministry of Justice official who refused to be identified due to the sensitive nature of the case confirmed that a death sentence has been handed down to the mastermind of the bombing , the news agency reported . Another man , Hakim Dah , was sentenced to life in prison ; defendants Abdssamad Bettar , Azzedine Lachdari , Ibrahim Cherkaoui and Skiribia Wadia were each given sentences of four years in prison ; Mohammed Reda , Amhinni Mohammed , Dehhaj Abdelfattah were given three years each .	Adil Othmani gets the death sentence for an explosion last spring in Marrakech The blast tore apart a cafe , killing 17 people Blast occurred at square popular among tourists
CNN  -- A mother and eight children were killed in a Kentucky house fire early Thursday , authorities said . Two people -- the children 's father , Chad J. Watson , 36 , and an 11-year-old child -- survived . Both were taken via air ambulance to a hospital in Nashville , Tennessee and were listed in stable condition . The mother was identified as 35-year-old LaRae Watson . The children who died ranged in age from 4 to 15 . Investigators have ruled the fire at a rural home in Greenville accidental , according to Kentucky State Police . "  It appears that an electric baseboard heater located in a bedroom ignited some nearby combustibles , " they said in a statement . The fire was reported at about 2 a.m. Thursday . Aerial video from CNN affiliate WTVF showed the house 's charred exterior and blackened debris scattered around it . Multiple fatalities reported	NEW : Fire at rural Kentucky home kills mother , eight children NEW : Child , 11 , and father , 36 , taken to hospital , listed in stable condition NEW : Investigators rule the fire was accidental , apparently started by heater
CNN  -- Administrators for the Marussia Formula One team are putting its assets up for sale at auction . A lack of funding saw the team miss the final three races of the 2014 season . After falling into administration , Marussia ceased trading on November 7 with around 200 staff losing their jobs . The team is still named on the official entry list for the 2015 season , which begins in Australia on March 15 , but a new buyer has yet to be found . The online auction , organized by administrators FRP Advisory , is another death knell for the team 's ambitions to re-join the grid . A source close to the process said that efforts to find a new buyer are continuing but that there was nothing to prevent next week 's auction going ahead . It is understood that an investor was close to finalizing a deal to buy Marussia on the eve of the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . But the source added it would now take a "  last-minute miracle " to find another new buyer and call off the auction . The Caterham F1 team , which entered the sport at the same time as Marussia in 2010 season , is also in administration and searching for a new injection of funds . Caterham used crowd funding to raise enough cash to race in Abu Dhabi but that is not a realistic funding option for a full season , which costs at least $ 70m . Meanwhile , the administrators for Marussia are focused on generating funds through next week 's auction to pay the team 's creditors . The live online sale of Marussia 's assets takes place on December 16 and 17 through the auctionhq.com website . The plight of the Marussia team gives motorsport collectors and F1 fans a unique chance to get their hands on some amazing pieces of F1 kit . The star lot is the 2013 race car -- although with a dummy engine , gearbox and steering wheels its new owner wo n't be able to drive home in it . A functioning steering wheel from the 2010 car , a collection of exhaust parts , alloy wheels and a gearbox assembly , including suspension arms and brake calipers , are also some of the mechanical goodies up for grabs . There is also a chance to buy driver Max Chilton 's race suit and a collection of team shirts and baseball caps . The "  Everything Must Go " sale also includes more mundane items such as the reception desk from the factory 's headquarters in England , cordless drills and storage shelves . A signed photograph of injured racer Jules Bianchi competing at the Monaco Grand Prix lends a note of poignancy to the auction . The Frenchman collected the first ever points for Marussia this season by finishing ninth at the race around the streets of Monte Carlo but the 25-year-old is now battling severe head injuries . Bianchi crashed in difficult conditions during October 's Japanese Grand Prix and is now being treated at a French hospital . While the online auction of Marussia assets presents a chance to buy some very special Christmas presents for the F1 fan in your life , the team will be hoping for some festive good cheer -- and a last-minute buyer .	The defunct Marussia Formula One team is selling its assets in an online auction Buyers have a unique chance to buy a 2013 F1 car Max Chilton 's racesuit , a steering wheel and a variety of car parts are also for sale Administrators for Marussia are still hoping to find a buyer so the team can race in 2015
Livingston , Wisconsin  CNN  -- It 's the end of the day in rural southwest Wisconsin , and the Trocke family wanders through a ditch along a county road , their eyes fixed on the earth . Dan and Laurie Trocke , and their three kids , are on a mission for fragments of rock that came from about as far away as one can imagine . "  We 're not finding a lot , but that 's beside the point really , " Laurie Trocke says . "  We 're not professionals . It 's purely for fun . " It all began the evening of April 14 , when what looked like a giant fireball came crashing through the atmosphere . "  It just lit up the whole sky , " she says . "  You thought it was thunder and lightning , but it just kept going and going and going . " "  It really did n't sound natural , " Dan Trocke adds . What they were witnessing was a meteor -- and a pretty spectacular one at that . Watch the video Michael Farmer , whom the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago , Illinois , calls the "  world 's top meteorite hunter , " said that as soon as he saw video of the display , he hopped a flight to Wisconsin . "  Most of them do n't make a light show or a sound show , " Farmer said . "  When this one came in , the energy released was like nuclear bomb-type energy . ... -LSB- I knew -RSB- there would be thousands of pieces on the ground . " By definition , those pieces are what scientists call meteorites : the remnants of the meteor that do n't burn up along the journey and instead make it all the way to the ground . Farmer headed to the sleepy Wisconsin village of Livingston , which was about to become ground zero for the latest meteorite hunt . Livingston , with a population of 597 , was the town nearest to where the otherworldly bits were turning up . Soon , everyone wanted a piece of the action -- from internationally known experts to the locals , like 7-year-old Jackson McCluskey . Jackson , along with dozens of other students at Iowa Grant Elementary School in Livingston , learned about the meteors from geologists and meteorite-hunting experts at a school assembly . Later that day , the kids combed the school grounds for meteorites during recess . McCluskey found a rock that one of the experts confirmed was a meteorite , weighing 35 grams . He sold it to a collector , but they would n't say for how much . On average , prices for pieces of this particular space rock have been set at about $ 10 to $ 20 per gram , according to Farmer . He added that a meteorite 's worth can vary , depending on the amount of buzz surrounding an event and how much media attention has been devoted to it . It 's easy to compare it all to a mini gold rush . Most folks are n't hunting with the mere hopes of winning bragging rights . Brian Nodolf , who lives on a farm near Livingston , said his wife found a meteorite weighing about 100 grams . "  I 'm told it 's worth maybe a thousand dollars , " Nodolf said . So far , about two dozen pieces had been found , one expert hunter said . But there 's no way of knowing for sure , since many do n't announce it when they do find one . But what do the residents think about the influx of people to their small town ? They 've welcomed them with open arms -- primarily because it 's a boost to the economy . Who needs a government stimulus when you 've got money falling from the sky ? "  We 've gotten business we never would have had , " said Tom Brown , village president . "  I mean , who was going to come to Livingston ? It 's off the map . " Tim Loeffelholz , owner of The Friendly Place , a local gas station and convenience store , says business is up by about 30 percent since folks started finding meteorites . "  It 's what we needed , a little boost , " Loeffelholz said . "  It 's been great for the town , great for the whole area . " His store has become a pseudo-trading post , where people looking for or wanting to sell meteorites have put their contact information on signs along the counter . If and when the Trocke family gets their hands on a meteorite , they say it wo n't be from a want ad . They 'll do it all on their own . As 11 - year-old Connor put it , "  It 's a sense of pride to find one . "	Livingston , Wisconsin , is the town nearest to the April 14 meteor strike The sleepy village has seen an influx of meteor hunters First-grader found 35-gram meteorite during recess , sold it for an undisclosed amount The meteor fragments can sell for between $ 10 and $ 20 a gram
CNN  -- Relief teams dug through rose gardens at the headquarters of the Bangladesh Rifles Sunday , looking for more than 70 army officers still missing -- and presumed killed -- after a deadly uprising by paramilitary forces last week . Bangladeshi firefighters continued to uncover bodies Friday of Bangladesh Rifles officers from a mass grave . By late Saturday night , 72 bodies had been found floating in a river or in three mass graves inside the compound of the Rifles , or BDR , in the capital city , Dhaka , the Home Ministry said . Fifty of the dead were confirmed to be army officers , shot or stabbed to death . Another six were Rifles troops , or jawans . The rest of the bodies were too damaged for immediate identification , the ministry said . But four days since the rebellion , grieving family members keeping vigil outside the headquarters were losing hope of seeing their loved ones alive again . Some men quietly recited verses from the Quran , Islam 's holy book , or counted prayer beads . Several women howled in despair and collapsed hopelessly on the pavement . Sympathy for the mutineers has dried up , a Bangladeshi journalist said . "  The first day of the incident , Bangladeshis were for the BDR . They thought they had legitimate concerns of army officer corruption and denial of basic necessities to them , " said Ashraf Kaiser , host of the television show , "  Road to Democracy . " "  But from the second day , when we started getting news of missing officers and seeing pictures of one body after another being pulled out , the perception changed , " he said . One can see the shift in the media coverage of the mutiny , he said . "  What was being called Pilkhana revolt or rebellion " -- named after the area of the city where the BDR compounds are located -- "  is now being dubbed the Pilkhana massacre . " Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina initially earned high marks for persuading the jawans to surrender in exchange for amnesty . But now she finds herself in a delicate balancing act : trying to appease an army that demands the killers , who stubbed out the lives of so many of its officers , be punished . She met for hours Sunday with the army 's top officials , and made several concessions . A committee the Home Ministry set up to investigate the mutiny will be shuffled to include more members from the army 's ranks . She has also backtracked from her promise of amnesty . Killers will face trial , she said , and ordered jawans to return to their posts or report to police stations by the end of the day Sunday . Hundreds of jawans lined up at a field outside the Pilkhana headquarters , insisting to reporters they fled the compound during the rebellion . They kissed their loved ones as they waited , assuring wives and fathers they were innocent but asking for their prayers . The fear of a military take-over is a pervasive one in Bangladesh . The country has experienced a series of coup since its independence in 1971 , including one that killed Hasina 's father -- the country 's independence leader . The current government itself came to power in December , after two years of an army-backed rule . "  Hasina has her responsibility to keep peace and tranquility and so she did what she did , " said Aneeqa Khan , a student who lives not far from the BDR headquarters . "  And you ca n't fault the army from reacting . They lost so many people . " The military did its part to allay fears of retaliation . "  I believe if exemplary punishment is meted out to the people involved directly or indirectly in the mutiny , it will help pacify the anger among our officers and soldiers , " Brig. Gen. Mahmud Hossain told reporters . The standoff started Wednesday when BDR troops rebelled against their commanders . The BDR is a paramilitary force distinct from the army , but its commanders are career army officers . The Rifles is responsible primarily for guarding the country 's borders . The force , more than 65,000-strong , also takes part in operations such as monitoring polls . The troops staged their rebellion on the second day of BDR Week , when officers and troops from various BDR outposts along the border were in the capital for celebrations . Discontent had been bubbling for years in the ranks of the BDR , who complained their army superiors dismissed their appeals for more pay , subsidized food and their requests to participate in United Nations peacekeeping operations -- which pay far more than what they make at home . Bangladesh and its South Asian neighbors are the largest troop contributors to U.N. peacekeeping operations . During the stand-off , dozens of officers were killed . Some bodies were dumped in mass graves . Others were tossed in sewers that emptied into the Buriganga River , where they floated for miles before being retrieved .	72 bodies found floating in a river or in three mass graves inside Rifles ' compound Fifty of the dead were confirmed to be army officers Standoff started Wednesday when Rifles troops rebelled against commanders More than 160 were inside Bangladesh Rifles headquarters when mutiny erupted
In late 1989 the carefully constructed edifice of communism in Eastern Europe started crumbling in a wave of popular upheavals with a speed that took everyone by surprise . Nowhere was this process bolder and bloodier that in the final act of the revolutionary domino : the downfall of Ceausescu , the Romanian dictator who ran his country for the benefit of himself and his family like a feudal master . Today , the country is still trying to cope with a legacy that defiled the face of Bucharest , bankrupted the state and traumatized generations of Romanians . For some , one way of overcoming their psychological damage is to tell their story to tourists . It 's now possible to join a tour in Bucharest that awakens the memories from a despised era to recount the story of the last days of Romanian communism . Monument to megalomania The tour starts at the grandiose Parliamentary Palace , a permanent reminder of the communist leader 's megalomania . Irene , 30 , a chic parliamentary aide , gives us the figures and numbers . The building , she says , is the world 's third largest by volume after the Aztec pyramid of Teotihuacan and the Cape Canaveral rocket assembly hangar . It uses 220,000 square meters of carpet , 3,500 tons of crystal and one million cubic meters of marble . The carpet in the main Union Hall alone weighs 1.5 tons . How did this monster come to be ? Irene tells us how Ceausescu took advantage of a 1977 earthquake to raze most of the lower city center of Bucharest , flattening a hill and changing the course of the Dambovita river . Forty thousand people were forcibly displaced . "  Everything within an area of four square miles was rebuilt from scratch to match the style of the People 's Palace . A stadium , several hospitals and two dozen churches or synagogues were demolished , " says Irene . "  Only three historic Orthodox churches were saved by moving them , foundations and all , behind large apartment blocks so that they would remain invisible and not spoil his view . " Perfect echo Construction involved 700 architects and 20,000 building workers doing three shifts a day , plus 5,000 army personnel , 1.5 million factory workers and an army of so-called volunteers . The palace 's Union Hall features two large spiral staircases that descend to the main entrance to allow Ceausescu and his wife Elena to make grand , synchronized entrances . "  He was short and touchy about his height " , says Irene , "  so he had the staircases rebuilt twice in order to match his step . " Irene claps her hands . The sound travels crisply . "  Every chamber has a perfect echo , because when Ceausescu wanted something , he clapped . And he wanted everyone to know he 'd clapped . " Ceausescu never got to see the building finished . By the time of the revolution , in December 1989 , the building was only two-thirds complete . The incoming administration did n't know what to do with it , but the Romanian economy was so entangled with the palace that it had to be finished . The building was completed in 1994 and , since 1996 , it has housed the Romanian Senate and Chamber of Deputies . The ground floor is home to a modern art museum . Nevertheless , the building , which costs a dizzying $ 6 million a year to run , is still 70 % empty . After one hour of walking up and down its corridors , I had still only seen less than 10 % of it . Night of terror After this grand-scale folly , the simple , modernist design of the old Communist Party headquarters , now the Interior Ministry , looks mundane , banal even . It stands in front of what is now dubbed Revolution Square , where the protesting crowds gathered in December 1989 , intent on bringing down the regime . My friend Gabriel has brought me here to remember that night . "  I was just 17 , " says Gabriel , trying to sound neutral , but in his voice the underlying emotion is easily discernible . "  I felt a change in the air . So on December 21 , 1989 , I came here with my friends . We stood here for hours , sometimes silent , sometimes shouting slogans against the regime . Then someone started shooting at the crowd . " He looks up to the balcony . "  The guy standing next to me just fell without a sound . He was shot in the head . I thought , my God , that could be me ! But I stayed . Everyone encouraged each other and we did not go home . " Gabriel looks at me and guesses my thoughts . "  I do not consider myself a hero " , he says . "  I was just a curious boy . " Revolution Square is now adorned with the Pyramid Of Victory . It depicts "  a tall needle pricking the cloud of communism . " On the south side there is a Memory Wall with 1,058 names of innocent Romanians who were killed during the rebellion . Gabriel still does n't the name of the guy shot next to him . "  But I know he 's one of them " , he says . Next day , Ceausescu left the besieged Communist party HQ by helicopter . After the army turned against him , he was arrested in Targoviste and , after a short court martial , executed along with his wife Elena on Christmas Day 1989 . Images of their dead bodies ghoulishly beamed around the world . An empty grave They were buried in a hurry at Ghencea cemetery in southwestern Bucharest , their graves unmarked , although everybody knew where they were . Gabriel shows me the original plots , now empty -- no one wants to reuse them . In 2010 , Valentin , their only surviving child , received permission to have his parents ' remains exhumed and reburied together under a modest tombstone . "  So what happened to the Ceausescu 's villa ? " I ask Gabriel . "  I 'll take you there " , he says and drives me to north Bucharest , where green parks , tree-lined avenues and high walls illustrate the affluence of the residents . Gabriel stops on the one side of a dual carriageway and points at a building on the far side . "  That 's it " , he says with an ironic smile . I read the sign : "  Embassy of Kuwait . " I cross the road and try to take a picture . There are two armed guards outside the embassy . "  No Photos , " shouts one . I show him my press card . While he looks at it , I try to steal a few quick snaps . "  No , no , no , " shouts the second guard running towards me . I smile , shrug and scamper across the carriageway to Gabriel who has been watching the scene with alarm . "  You do n't argue with police " , he says , as he speeds off , shaking his index finger at me . Ceausescu and communism may have gone , but their impact in people 's minds will take some time to heal . Getting there Bucharest airport is connected directly with most European capitals . The TravelMaker agency offers a guided tour "  The Last Days of Communism . " Daily 9:30 -- 13:30 , $ 50pp .  9 Elena Vacarescu St. Block XXI/2 Bucharest ; +40 21 232 03 31 ; reservations@travelmaker.ro You can visit the Parliament Palace  Izvor 2-4 +40 21 316 0300  daily 10am-4pm , $ 10 , as an individual by prior arrangement . Bring along your passport .	Ceausescu was killed on December 25 , 1989 amid an uprising against his communist regime The former dictator 's Parliamentary Palace is said to be the world 's third largest building by volume Today the building houses Romania 's Senate and Chamber of Deputies , but 70 % still stands empty
CNN  -- Speak to an agent . After "  can you hear me now ? " is there a more frustrating phrase we have to yell into our cells over and over again than that ? It 's so bad that I find myself adding words like "  please " and sometimes "  dammit " even though I know it 's only going to confuse the automated service more but I ca n't help it because the process is slowly driving me insane . It 's either that or I start pushing the pound key as soon as I hear a robotic voice on the other end , which of course does n't work either because companies have figured out that we have figured out the shortcut . Consequently the companies have either eliminated the pound key option or force you to listen to the entire message because it 's only at the end do you hear "  or push 4 to speak to an agent . " Four . Why is four the new pound key and what in the hell happened to zero ? And why do we need to punch in our account number before we speak to an agent if the agent is only going to ask for our account number when he or she finally gets on the phone anyway ? It just seems like busy work and obviously we 're busy enough . That 's why we forgot to send a check to the cable company and now we have to call to pay the bill in first place . OK , maybe that last part is just me . But what is n't "  just me " is the irritation that comes from knowing these cable providers , banks , doctor offices and such have all taken what has traditionally been a fairly painless process and injected all of this stress into it because automated service seems easier on the bottom line than customer service . I get it . Siri and her girls may not get the caller 's request right the first dozen times , but they do n't require overtime , health insurance or raises . I guess it was n't enough that outsourcing funneled our calls out of the country and into offices in countries where the people on the other end of the phone only knew the English on the script in front of them . Now , not only do the people answering the phone not know English , they 're not even people . They 're software . Correction : It 's software . In fact you can buy groceries , pay for tolls , get tickets to movies and such and go for days dealing only with "  it " and never "  they " or "  them " or "  him " or "  her . " It would appear our growing usage and dependence on technology has not only made us lazier but so much more impersonal . My 15-year-old son actually tried to text me while in the next room of our house one night . I stormed right over and said , "  Young man you will tell me I am ruining your life to my face " ... or something like that . The world has gotten so crazy that some companies are now promoting the fact that you can call their customer service department and an agent will answer the phone . What used to be a given is now considered an innovative promotion that I 'm sure we 're paying for with some hidden charge dubbed a "  processing fee " or something like that . I remember seeing a recent CNN news segment in which a pastor encourages people to tweet while in his church . Imagine : the message from an infinite God filed down to 140 characters or less , which I guess is just as good as long as you have enough bars on your phone . And you do n't have to speak to an agent before the church service starts because you forgot to pay your bill  again , that last part may just be me  . Technology is great most of the time but not all of the time . While living in an automated world can certainly expedite a lot in our lives , it can also cause us to fly by some of the smaller things we do n't notice until they 're gone . Like arcades , telephone booths or the ability to speak to a freaking agent . I swear I never noticed just how important that part of life was until I started yelling that sentence into my cell in public . Now it seems whenever I dial a phone that 's all I want to do : Speak to an agent , pay my bills , go back to not having to be bothered with ... people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Technology is great , but it 's making it harder than ever to get to a real person Automated phone systems do n't have to be paid or given time off and benefits , he says He asks : Why do we have to punch in our account number , then be asked for it by an agent ? LZ : Some companies now promote fact that you can call and reach an actual person
CNN  -- Authorities will resume their search Monday morning for the bodies of four men who are believed to have drowned in southeastern Idaho after one of them fell overboard and three others went missing trying to rescue him , the Power County Sheriff 's Department said . "  It is not confirmed they are deceased at this time -- presumption that they are -- but we can not confirm any deaths at this time or drowning , " said Cpl. Leilani Morgan . The incident took place Sunday at the American Falls Reservoir , about 180 miles east-southeast of Boise . Five children -- all under the age of nine -- also were on the boat and have been rescued by authorities , according to the sheriff 's department . CNNRadio 's Matt Cherry contributed to this report	The men are presumed drowned at American Falls Reservoir in southeastern Idaho Three men disappear while trying to save a fourth man
CNN  -- Rush Limbaugh brought a cheering crowd to its feet several times Saturday at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington as he called on fellow conservatives to take back the country . Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh energizes crowd of supporters in CPAC keynote speech . "  We conservatives have not done a good enough job of just laying out basically who we are , because we make the mistake of assuming that people know . What they know is largely incorrect , based on the way we 're portrayed in pop culture , in the drive-by media , by the Democrat party , " the conservative talk show host told a mostly young crowd of energized supporters . "  We want every American to be the best he or she chooses to be . We recognize that we are all individuals . We love and revere our founding documents , the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence . We believe that the preamble of the Constitution contains an inarguable truth , that we are all endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights , among them life , liberty , freedom -- and the pursuit of happiness , " he said , pausing several times for enthusiastic applause . Looking ahead to the 2012 election , Limbaugh said conservatives will have to choose the right candidate to take the country back . Limbaugh 's impassioned keynote speech , punctuated by chest-thumping , fist-pumping and chants of "  USA " from the crowd , capped off three days of talk at CPAC focusing on rebuilding the Republican Party . "  He played to his crowd here , " CNN political editor Mark Preston said . "  And this crowd is now energized , something we have n't seen from Republicans , certainly not conservatives , since the November election . " Limbaugh used his self-described "  first national address , " which ran more than an hour longer than his allotted 20 minutes , to accuse President Obama of inspiring fear in Americans in order to push a liberal agenda of "  big government . " "  He wants people in fear , angst and crisis , fearing the worst each and every day , because that clears the decks for President Obama and his pals to come in with the answers , which are abject failures , historically shown and demonstrated . Does n't matter . They 'll have control of it when it 's all over . And that 's what they want , " Limbaugh said . "  They see these inequalities , these inequities that capitalism produces . How do they try to fix it ? Do they try to elevate those at the bottom ? No , they try to tear down the people at the top . " Limbaugh praised Obama as one of the most gifted politicians he has seen , but said , "  It just breaks my heart that he does not use these extraordinary talents and gifts to motivate and inspire the American people to be the best they can be . He 's doing just the opposite . " Limbaugh also dismissed the notion of bipartisanship as a "  false premise " given the diverging views of the Democratic and Republican Parties on a variety of issues , including the recent $ 787 stimulus package signed by Obama . "  Bipartisanship occurs only after one other result . And that is victory , " he said . Watch Limbaugh discuss bipartisanship " "  What -LSB- Democrats -RSB- mean is we check our core principles at the door , come in , let them run the show , and then agree with them , " he said . Limbaugh 's rollicking speech came the day after Obama supporters put out a political ad implying that the conservative radio host has become the de facto head of the Republican Party in the absence of a clear GOP leader . The ad argues that the Republican leadership in Congress is following Limbaugh 's lead in opposing the Obama administration 's stimulus package . "  So who are Republican leaders listening to ? " the announcer asks , before the 30-second ad cuts abruptly to footage of Limbaugh saying , "  I want him -LSB- Obama -RSB- to fail . " It was paid for by Americans United for Change and the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees union , two groups that supported Obama during the election and are advocating for his agenda . Limbaugh does n't speak for all Republicans or conservatives . Copies of the American Conservative magazine with the headline "  How radio wrecks the right " were distributed to CPAC attendees , Preston said . "  There is some criticism of Rush Limbaugh . Some people think he is a reactionary , " Preston said . Limbaugh defended his remark about wanting Obama to fail , comparing it to his desire to see the Arizona Cardinals "  fail " in this year 's Super Bowl game against the Pittsburgh Steelers . Watch Limbaugh explain failure remark " "  This notion that I want the president to fail , folks , this shows you a sign of the problem we 've got , " he said . "  What is so strange about being honest and saying , I want Barack Obama to fail if his mission is to restructure and reform this country so that capitalism and individual liberty are not its foundation ? Why would I want that to succeed ? " he said , bringing the crowd once again to its feet . "  Did the Democrats want the war in Iraq to fail ? Well , they certainly did . And they not only wanted the war in Iraq to fail , they proclaimed it a failure . "	"  We want every American to be the best he or she chooses to be , " he says Limbaugh says conservatives need to choose right candidate to take back nation He accuses President Obama of inspiring fear in Americans to push his agenda Opponents had put out political ad implying Limbaugh was de facto head of GOP
CNN  -- We are now five days away from the attempted terrorist attack to blow up Northwest Airlines Flight 253 to Detroit , Michigan . We are learning more each day about the multiple failures in our security and intelligence system that preceded that attack . It is worth discussing the most egregious thus far and the way forward to building a better system . The facts suggest that an al Qaeda plot was hatched in Yemen and involved the same radical cleric who communicated with the man accused in the Fort Hood shootings before the deaths of 13 U.S. soldiers . And the attempt to blow up a U.S. plane on Christmas Day used a bomb technique similar to the one to that was used in August to try to assassinate the chief of Saudi Arabia 's counterterror police . Having survived this assassination attempt , Prince Mohammed bin Nayef flew to Washington , where he personally briefed U.S. intelligence , law enforcement and national security officials both about the assassination attempt and on his concerns about the growing terrorism problem in Yemen . The CIA passed some information about Flight 253 suspect Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab to the federal interagency channel , but they appear not to have passed along all the relevant information that they may have possessed . The National Counterterrorism Center , which was created post-9 / 11 to "  connect the dots , " failed to do that and to ask the intelligence community for additional dots . Furthermore , we understand that there was an intercept of Yemeni cleric Anwar Al Aulaqi advocating al Qaeda 's use of Nigerians as operatives , but this was never put together with the information about AbdulMutallab . Al Aulaqi is the radical cleric who was in contact with suspect Nidal Hasan before the November 5 shooting of 13 U.S. soldiers at Fort Hood , but it appears that no one connected those dots either . Our British allies revoked AbdulMutallab 's British visa for fraud because he lied on his visa application , but they did not inform the U.S. because it was , in their judgment , not related to a national security issue . As President Obama said , there are both systemic and individual failures here . The president is understandably frustrated and under pressure to act . AbdulMutallab should not have been able to get high explosives on a plane , the watch list system should have prevented him from boarding the plane at all , and the U.S. intelligence community writ large should have been able to collect , analyze and disseminate critical intelligence . We will never encourage the risk-taking and creativity necessary to fix these problems if we indulge in the usual Washington bloodsport of the blame game . I have conducted more than my share of reviews , from the Silberman-Robb WMD Commission recommendations to the Katrina lessons learned . Obama needs people outside those directly responsible to look at what happened and provide him with an objective view . He now has the President 's Intelligence Advisory Board  of which I was formerly a member  , which can undertake such a review . It has been more than eight years since the tragedy of September 11 . While we all wish we could forget the pain of that tragedy , our enemies relish remembering it and planning for what they hope will be their next success . We need to confront the growing sense of complacency in the bureaucracy and among the American people . We can only prevent a repeated success for the terrorists if the American people get the facts and the solutions to fix the problems that this incident has brought to light . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frances Townsend .	Former National Security Adviser Frances Townsend : It 's crucial to review what went wrong She says agencies failed to put together intelligence that pointed to plot to blow up plane Americans and intelligence community ca n't afford to be complacent , she says
CNN  -- A single mother of six , Cherelle Wright brought her 3-month-old daughter to be immunized at Community Advanced Practice Nurses , one free clinic offering medical care to Atlanta 's disadvantaged . "  Since I am unemployed at the moment and was in between having Medicaid insurance , I found out about this place  and  I was able to get all the immunizations that my children needed , " she says . "  It 's a great opportunity to have health care when you are not able to afford it . " With the advent of Obamacare , the health market is changing . Connie Buchanan , CAPN director , has wondered how the Affordable Care Act would change the clinic 's mission . "  I ask  clients  every day if they will be signing up for Obamacare and they look at me with a blank stare , " she says . She explains that Atlanta 's economically disadvantaged , who make up an overwhelming majority of her clients , do not know much about the ACA . Most are extremely isolated from current events . Few own televisions and even fewer have Internet access . Because of that , she expects most of her clients to stay with the clinic . However , she worries about its future and the potential for dwindling donations . Most nonprofit donors assume low-income populations will register for Obamacare en masse , so donations are n't necessary . However , many may not qualify for Obamacare . As a result , many free-care providers -- which have been , and still are , the cornerstone of health care services for the indigent -- face an uncertain future . "  When the Affordable Care Act passed in 2010 , there was an immediate assumption that no one is going to need the free clinic , " says Donna E. Looper , executive director of the Georgia Charitable Care Network . Looper has had to work hard to educate her donors on popular misconceptions about Obamacare . Her first task was to clarify that having an insurance card was not a panacea that made the services offered by her nonprofits redundant . Even patients with Medicaid still look to free clinics to fill the gaps for services like dental care . Georgia is one of the states that refused the expansion of Medicaid under Obamacare . So people fall in the gap -- those who do n't qualify for Medicaid or Obamacare . Meanwhile , the number of patients attending free clinics has not decreased , staying the same or even rising . Those who make too much to qualify for support and too little to afford care are left in a coverage gray area . According to Looper , this group is now flocking to free clinics . It 's a trend seen elsewhere as well . "  Regardless of a Medicaid expansion ... we will still have more uninsured people in Virginia than the free clinics currently serve , " says Linda D. Wilkinson , CEO of the Virginia Association of Free Clinics . In Virginia , free clinics served 75,000 people in 2012 , Wilkinson says . She expects that 280,000 individuals will remain uninsured , even with Medicaid expansion . Arlington Free Clinic , the largest provider of its kind in Wilkinson 's region , serves 1,700 of Arlington 's working poor each year . In Chicago , "  Even with all of the great expectation and positive feelings ... there will still be well over half a million residents of Cook County five years from now who will not have benefited from the Affordable Care Act for a number of reasons , " says Judith Haasis , executive director of CommunityHealth Chicago , the largest free medical clinic in Illinois . In 2013 alone , her clinic served 11,500 unique patients . Many of those return multiple times , totaling an average of 30,000 visits . "  It is really difficult and often emotional for  health care providers  as they hear from our patients who are desperately asking if they can stay here , " Haasis says . Her group continues working with patients until they are fully enrolled and have found a new medical home . As a result , the clinic remains in a state of flux as it transitions out the eligible patients to other service providers while making room for those who are left with no options . As many as 29 million documented and undocumented people are still without access to health insurance , Nicole Lamoureux , executive director of the National Association of Free Clinics , testified last February before the House Ways and Means Committee . This figure includes those who are eligible for Medicaid but reside in states which choose not to expand their programs . Many people do not realize that since the 1960s , about 1,200 free and charitable clinics nationwide have been filling in the gaps for those who fall through the cracks , Lamoureux told lawmakers . Back in Georgia , Deloris Baker , a single mom with two kids , has been coming to CAPN for the last five years . She says her 6 - and 9-year-old sons receive the best care there . The children qualify for Medicaid , she says , but she is still awaiting approval . During the application process , she was told she herself did not qualify . Baker is not looking forward to any changes that ACA may bring . "  Everything I have heard has been negative  and  I do n't think it 's a good plan , " she says . Meanwhile , 19-year-old Paris Patterson , who is homeless with no source of income , is staying at Covenant House , an organization that cares for homeless youth . She had nowhere else to go , she says . Patterson receives medical care at CAPN . "  Right now my eyes are terrible . My stress is causing pain in my body , " she says . "  It 's hard to get back on my feet when I am sick . " Confusion over Obamacare has created ample work for Amanda Ptashkin , outreach and advocacy director at Georgians for a Healthy Future , a nonprofit group aimed at providing "  a strong voice for Georgia consumers and communities on the health care issues and decisions that impact their lives , " according to its website . Ptashkin 's job is to travel around the state and translate exactly what ACA means for individuals . The hardest questions she faces come from those who earn too much to qualify for Medicaid and not enough to qualify for Obamacare . "  It is difficult for them to fully understand that  Medicaid expansion  is a state decision and unless it changes , unfortunately , they are not going to have a coverage option , " she says . Ptashkin consistently finds herself recommending providers like CAPN as the best option for this group . CAPN and other clinics remain dedicated to working with their patients regardless of Obamacare 's impact . "  Because of the clinic , I have one less thing to worry about , " Baker says . Follow Meron Moges-Gerbi on Twitter @MeronCNN .	Free clinics worry that donors will dry up because of Obamacare Many make too much to qualify for Medicaid and not enough to get coverage Even Medicaid patients look to the clinics to fill gaps in care
With President Barack Obama set to lay out his strategy to deal with ISIS on Wednesday , Secretary of State John Kerry left for the Middle East on an urgent new diplomatic drive with a single sales objective : Shore up support from Sunni Arabs to defeat what Kerry calls ISIS ' "  genocidal agenda . " Kerry has said the United States will build "  the broadest possible coalition of partners around the globe to confront , degrade and ultimately defeat ISIS . " "  Almost every single country has a role to play in eliminating the threat and the evil that  ISIS  represents , " Kerry said Tuesday before leaving on the trip that will take him to Saudi Arabia and Jordan . The Obama administration has already gathered about 10 countries as part of a global coalition to beat back ISIS . But the strength of the coalition could hinge on whether it includes members from the Middle East , where ISIS poses the biggest threat . Obama laid out Kerry 's marching orders during an interview last weekend with NBC News . "  I think that it is absolutely true that we 're going to need Sunni states to step up , not just Saudi Arabia , our partners like Jordan , the United Arab Emirates , Turkey . They need to be involved . This is their neighborhood . The dangers that are posed are -- are more directed at them right now than they are us , " Obama told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday . "  And that 's part of the conversation that John Kerry 's going to be having this week " Americans want efforts to dismantle ISIS to be undertaken by a coalition , according to a CNN/ORC poll released Monday ; 60 % said Washington should undertake military action against ISIS "  only if other countries participate . " Kerry 's Middle East strategy In order to get a buy-in from Arab states , Kerry will take specific arguments to different countries . One key to his effort will be the new Iraqi government announced on Monday , which Kerry called a major milestone . Kerry hopes the new government will attract Sunni Arab help as it fights ISIS and bolster Sunni opposition to the group . The needs in any effort to defeat ISIS are great : military support , including air power , arms , training , and intelligence . U.S. officials say Arab partners will be asked to contribute what they can . The effort was given a boost on Monday when the Arab league agreed to take urgent measures to combat ISIS and other extremist groups , reflecting a new sense of urgency in the region . Obama looking for for congressional support on ISIS Kerry 's coalition-building tour will first take him to Jordan , which borders both Iraq and Syria and is likely to play a major but discreet role in the coalition . Jordan is already hosting hundreds of thousands of refugees from neighboring Syria . In Saudi Arabia , Kerry will hold talks in Jeddah with the foreign ministers of six Gulf Arab states , Iraq , Egypt and Jordan . Kerry must also convince the Gulf allies to dry up funding to ISIS , which comes from many of their own nationals and stop the flow of foreign fighters into Iraq and Syria , considered the lifeblood of the group . Another critical aspect to this will be driving a wedge between Sunni Arabs and ISIS , and delegitimizing the group 's ideology . Saudi Arabia , in particular , is seen as having a critical role to play in convincing other Sunni Arabs that ISIS is the enemy . The kingdom has been very effective in beating back al Qaeda in its territory , and officials and analysts say it has a unique religious credibility and legitimacy to combat ISIS now . There are already efforts within Middle East countries to root out extremists . Last week , Saudi Arabia arrested more than 80 extremists suspected of planning to carry out terrorist attacks both in the kingdom and abroad , and the UAE issued a statement last week saying it was ready to "  join the international community in an urgent , coordinated and sustained effort to confront a threat that will , if unchecked , have global ramifications for decades to come . " The UAE statement also called for a "  clear plan for direct intervention against ISIS . " Support , but slim chance for military intervention But do n't look for countries in the Middle East to join specifically with the United States and Western partners on a military campaign . Officials have downplayed suggestions of Arab military involvement , although have privately suggested even some minor participation from countries such as the UAE and Saudi Arabia would be important symbolic gestures about the need for Sunni Arab states to take responsibility in fighting extremism within their own region . What is unclear is whether Kerry , who visits the region the day after Obama delivers his speech laying out his strategy for combating ISIS , will make specific requests this week for a military campaign to combat the group in either Iraq or Syria . Arab diplomats say without concrete details on what type of military campaign the U.S. envisions , it will be hard for their leaders to sign up , no matter how badly they may want to . Another question is what happens after the campaign against ISIS . Arab diplomats say similar extremist groups are operating in Libya , the Sinai in Egypt and Yemen that pose a threat to the entire region and about which Washington and its Arab partners must have a conversation . With its laser focus on ISIS , Arab diplomats complain the United States is not connecting the dots about the alarming trends in the region . "  Without a tacit understanding of how we are going to work at extremism in general , it 's going to be tough to move ahead , " one Arab diplomat said . "  You want us to join you in Iraq and Syria and then when we see a problem in Libya or Yemen or Egypt and you say forget it ? I do n't think that is how it 's going to go . You ca n't be with us on one issue and be against us on another . " Which is why Kerry must carefully balance the concerns of a region nervous about a multitude of threats with the narrow U.S. interests in combating ISIS . U.S. officials say a series of airstrikes last week against armed Islamist factions in Tripoli , Libya , were conducted by Egypt and the UAE . While neither country has acknowledged the action publicly , the move sent an important message to Washington that the region is ready to take measures into its own hands if the United States does not take their concerns into account . The U.S. saw competing Arab interests in aiding the Syria opposition contribute to the growth of extremists groups like ISIS . A similarly uncoordinated effort against the group could give birth to new , and potentially equally frightening , problems . Terror fears could help GOP in midterms Senator apologizes for invoking names of slain journalists in policy argument	John Kerry is off to the Middle East to shore up support in the fight against ISIS The trip will take Kerry to Saudi Arabia and Jordan just after Obama lays out strategy By shoring up Sunni support , the U.S. looks to delegitimize ISIS ' caliphate claims Kerry will look to win what support he can , but military involvement will be a tough sell
Westminster , Colorado  CNN  -- It seems like a simple question , but ask Victor Perez and Dulce Garcia what grade they 're in and you wo n't get a traditional answer . At almost any other school in the country , the 11-year-old friends would be in fifth grade . Not so at Hodgkins Elementary in Westminster , Colorado , where there are no grades and no grade levels . Here , children are grouped together in classes based on their ability , not their age In literacy class , Victor and Dulce are both in level seven . In math , Victor is in level seven while Dulce is still learning level six . "  He 's the highest in the class , " said Dulce , who is proud of her friend 's achievements . The move to do away with grade levels throughout the Adams County School District began three years ago . Standards-based learning , as it 's called , is founded on the belief that every child learns in different ways and at different speeds . With the school district on an academic watch list , educators here were eager to reverse the slide . "  Every single student is getting an individualized education , " said Hodgkins Principal Sarah Gould , who helped usher in the reform at her school two years ago . "  We are giving our kids exactly what they need when they need it . " Children work at their own level in each subject and must demonstrate proficiency in various learning targets , achieving a score of 75 % or higher before they 're allowed to move on to the next level . During a recent visit to Jennifer Gregg 's literacy class , students ranging in age from 8 to 10 were gathered in small groups or working on their own to hit their learning targets . Each table had a basket with books separated into four different reading levels . Gregg says when she first heard about standards-based learning , she wondered , "  How do you juggle that many levels in one classroom ? " Now , she sees the benefits , since students are n't frustrated by work that 's too hard , nor bored with assignments that are too easy . "  The kids know exactly what they 're working on ... and what they need to do , so it 's very empowering for them , " she said . Gregg 's students come to her when they 're ready to take the proficiency test to move to the next level . "  I do n't know if ` hounding ' is the right word , " Gregg said , "  but they definitely will let you know ... ` Please sign me up . ' " Unlike traditional schools , students at Hodgkins can move up a learning level anytime they 're ready , not just at the end of the year . When a visitor asked who had moved up a level in the 2010-11 school year , almost all hands shot up . A large bulletin board in the hallway displays the smiling faces of nearly 400 students who had changed levels in the month of March . "  The time is right for a system that focuses on individual students and lets them progress at their own pace , " said education researcher Robert Marzano , who is helping the district develop standards-based learning , a system that was first introduced in the 1960s . "  The conversation around the country is about that like it 's never been before . " The Adams 50 school district is made up of about 10,000 students , mostly from Hispanic families . About 40 % are still learning English . In the last decade , as demographics began to change , standardized test scores fell , leading the district to be placed on an academic watch list . School board president Vicky Marshall said the district needed something drastic to turn it around . She set out to enlist teachers and parents , aware that without their support , the new system would fail . High school teachers were among the first to embrace the idea , realizing students would have to have mastered material before moving levels . Their response , according to Marshall : " ` You mean , by the time they get to us they 're going to know all ... of the prior material that they should know in biology , in math , in social studies , and I 'm not going to have to spend the first three months of their freshman year figuring out what they do n't know ? ... Wow -- absolutely . ' " Parents , however , did have concerns , especially whether there would be a big age range in some classes . "  We were very quick to say , ` No , we 're not going to have someone with a mustache ... sitting next to a 6 - year-old . ' That 's just not going to happen , " she said . Instead , older children at lower levels are given extra help , as they are in traditional middle and high schools . Standards-based learning in the Adams County School District is currently in place in kindergarten through ninth grade , and will be integrated through all high schools by 2014 . But it 's not for the faint of heart . This particular approach was developed by the Re-Inventing Schools Coalition , a nonprofit organization that helped turn around a small , struggling school district in Alaska . Students there went from 0 % attending college to nearly 90 % going on to secondary education or the military . The organization 's executive director , Wendy Battino , said that in order for standards-based learning to work , schools must have strong leadership and shared vision . Of the approximately 300 schools that have attempted to enact this system , Battino said , half have n't been able to stick with it . "  Superintendents last 2-2 1/2 years on average in this country . It 's really hard to lead systemic change when you have that much turnover , " Battino said . Community and school support are critical , she said , "  so when a leader does leave , you have enough shared vision and stakeholder support that they will hold onto this and it wo n't leave , despite the next leader . " The message is particularly relevant in Adams County , where the schools superintendent who brought the change recently resigned . And since school board members are are limited to two four-year term limits , the unanimous support may wane if standardized test scores do n't improve . So far , they have n't . In last years ' CSAP test , only 39 % of Hodgkins ' third - graders tested proficient in reading . That 's 8 % lower than the previous year , before the new system was put in place . School Board President Vicky Marshall explained that it would take three to five years for any type of major reform to show results . "  So I would say , if within three to five years we 're not seeing the kind of results that we project , yeah , it probably could be at risk , " she said . Principal Gould is quick to point out that the initial drop in test scores was expected , since many kids were placed in lower levels to make up for gaps in their educations . "  Our hope and goal is that when this year 's test scores come out and the following year 's , that progression will just continue to increase , " Gould said , adding that test scores do n't paint the whole picture . Discipline problems , Gould said , have decreased 76 % in the past two years -- a sign , she said , that the system is working . "  When students are challenged exactly where they need to be , " she said , "  there 's not a lot of time for students to be messing around in class . "	A Colorado school switched to standards-based learning It means students learn according to ability , not their age group District leaders say it will take 3-5 years to improve test scores
CNN  -- Former Crown Prince Philippe was sworn in as king of Belgium on Sunday after his father abdicated the throne an hour before . Albert II of Belgium gave up his throne over concerns about his advanced age . "  I have noticed how my age and my health have not permitted me to exercise my duties the way I would like to , " the 79-year-old said in an address to the nation . King Philippe , 53 , was educated in public schools in Belgium 's two major languages , Flemish and French , and later attended the royal military academy , where he trained to be a fighter pilot . Belgium , which is home to the European Union capital of Brussels , has also gained a queen in Mathilde , Philippe 's wife . She is the daughter of a count and countess and graduated with a degree in speech therapy . Albert 's abdication follows that of the Netherlands ' Queen Beatrice earlier this year and that of Pope Benedict XVI at the Vatican . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has praised Albert for the move . "  I wish to express to him my sincere thanks for his tireless efforts in the service of Belgium and Europe , " Barroso said in a statement . Throughout his 20-year reign , Albert "  has never ceased to be a staunch defender of the values that are the basis of the European construction , " Barroso said . The Belgian royal family has had less luck promoting cohesion within its own country , which is culturally split between ethnic Flemish Dutch people in the north , ethnic French people in the south and a small group of ethnic Germans in the east . Separatist ideas have sprouted particularly in the Flemish region , which has a stronger economy . Opinion : Why Queen Elizabeth wo n't step down CNN 's Neda Farshbaf contributed to this report .	King Philippe is sworn in as king of Belgium on Sunday in Brussels His father , Albert II , stepped down an hour earlier Belgium also gained a queen , Philippe 's wife Mathilde
CNN  -- One of the most dominant theories of this year 's presidential election is that President Barack Obama 's re-election prospects have been undermined by high unemployment levels . Yet despite a dismal labor market , which saw a net increase of only 103,000 private-sector jobs for August , the president has been widening his lead over Mitt Romney in recent days . This raises the possibility that other factors are trumping high unemployment . To be sure , the fact that the unemployment rate has remained above 8 % throughout Obama 's first term has greatly contributed to the sense among many that his economic agenda has been a failure . Perhaps the most memorable speech at the Democratic National Convention , by former President Bill Clinton , was devoted to defending the current president 's job creation record , a clear sign that Democrats recognize it as their central vulnerability . Opinion : Bill Clinton brings it for Obama Yet one of the ironies of the 2012 presidential campaign is that the incumbent president has benefited from strong support among many of the constituencies that have been hardest-hit by high unemployment levels , particularly black Americans and Latino Americans . This has left the Romney campaign in the position of having to win over voters who 've fared relatively well since 2008 . Unfortunately , we do n't have reliable or consistent data on the political preferences of the unemployed . The numbers we do have are fragmentary . For example , a recent survey of 18-to-29-year-old voters sponsored by the Youth Engagement Fund found that while only 14 % of Romney voters were unemployed , almost a third of Obama voters were unemployed . Undecided voters fell somewhere in between , with 25 % of them unemployed . This hardly settles the question , but the fact that the president fares so well with demographic groups that have experienced higher unemployment rates is nevertheless suggestive . Perhaps the most obvious explanation is that voters interpret economic data through the lens of their cultural and political affiliations . Voters who are disinclined to favor a Democratic incumbent will be more likely to interpret disappointing jobs numbers as an indictment of Obama while voters who are more favorably disposed towards Democrats will maintain that he is doing the best that can be expected of him in the face of powerful economic and political headwinds . With that in mind , we can learn a great deal by taking a closer look at different groups in different states . For example , of the three states with unemployment rates above 10 % , two , California and Rhode Island , are heavily urban , coastal states that overwhelmingly support Obama . The third , Nevada , is more closely contested , though most surveys find that the state is leaning toward backing the president . This is despite the fact that Nevada is one of the states that has been most adversely impacted by the housing bust . The state is also 27 % Latino . And though its electorate is considerably less so , the fact that Latinos tend to favor Democrats more strongly than do white Anglos has given the president a significant boost . Opinion : Three hurdles for Obama , Romney The political configuration of states with unemployment levels from 8 % to 10 % is also quite interesting . Indiana , Kentucky , Tennessee , Mississippi , Georgia and South Carolina are all in the Romney column . Several of these states are part of the cultural region political analyst Sean Trende has called "  Greater Appalachia , " a region that moved toward the GOP even as the rest of the country moved away from it between 2004 and 2008 . Others , including Mississippi , Georgia and South Carolina , have electorates that are defined by racial polarization . The large black minorities in these states tend to be strongly Democratic while the white majorities tend to be strongly Republican . Moreover , unemployment rates in the black population in these Deep South states tend to be much higher than unemployment rates in the white population . This implies that many of the president 's strongest supporters in these states have been touched by unemployment , either directly or indirectly , while many of his staunchest critics have emerged unscathed . Many of the unemployed and underemployed households in these states have benefited from the extension of unemployment benefits , the expansion of eligibility for the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program and other social transfer programs that the president and congressional Democrats fought for as part of the 2009 fiscal stimulus law and in subsequent budget battles with congressional Republicans . The Obama-supporting states with unemployment levels between 8 % and 10 % -- such as New York , New Jersey and Connecticut in the northeastern United States , Illinois in the Midwest and Washington and Oregon in the Pacific Northwest -- are states in which college-educated voters , who 've fared relatively well in the post-crisis economy , have shifted to the Democratic Party at least since the Clinton presidency . These are in a sense the Obama voters who do n't present much of a puzzle -- relatively insulated from the weak economy , they 're more likely to vote on the basis of their socially liberal values . Less affluent voters in these states , meanwhile , disproportionately benefit from the aid programs championed by the president and his allies . Opinion : Harsh realities for Democrats Earlier this summer , John Hudak , a political scientist based at the Brookings Institution , shed light on this underlying dynamic by considering how Democratic and Republican officials at the state level have responded to Obama 's health care reform , the Affordable Care Act . So while Democratic elected officials rely more heavily on the support of voters who are far more likely to be uninsured , e.g. , black Americans  22 % of whom are uninsured  and Latino Americans  32 % of whom are uninsured  . Republican elected officials , meanwhile , reply more heavily on white voters , only 14 % of whom are uninsured . There are a number of contested states in the 8 % to 10 % unemployment range , including Michigan , North Carolina , Florida , Colorado and Arizona . Florida , Colorado and Arizona are all states in which a surging Latino population has given the Democrats a foothold . North Carolina has a large and politically engaged black population as well as a growing population of college-educated social liberals , the combination of which has made the state more politically competitive than neighboring South Carolina . Michigan , which is still considered a swing state despite having voted for Democratic presidential candidates since 1992 , is quite distinctive . It has a black population slightly larger than the national average and a high concentration of union members , many of whom are clustered in the politically important automotive industry . The Obama administration has frequently touted its support for the auto industry , the cost of which continues to climb . As recently as last year , former auto czar Steve Rattner claimed that the ultimate cost to taxpayers of the $ 82 billion of government funds invested in the GM and Chrysler bailouts would be $ 14 billion . Earlier this month , the U.S. Treasury Department estimated that it would eventually cost the federal government $ 25.1 billion . Michigan voters have good reason to believe that an Obama administration would be more likely than a Romney administration to offer domestic automobile manufacturers future cash infusions . Many states with unemployment levels between 6 % and 8 % are solidly in the Republican camp ; for example , Alaska , Montana , Idaho , Utah , Kansas , Texas , Arkansas , Louisiana and West Virginia . These are states that have done reasonably well during the Obama years but nevertheless oppose his re-election . The states in this tier that back the president include states with large numbers of affluent college-educated voters and large minority populations , such as Pennsylvania , Maryland , Massachusetts and Delaware , and also states with very distinctive demographic profiles , such as heavily Asian Hawaii , heavily Latino New Mexico and Maine , a state that is both very white and very poor . The swing states in this tier -- Wisconsin , Ohio and Missouri -- are states in which Mitt Romney will have to win over large numbers of employed white voters . And that is also true of New Hampshire , Virginia and Iowa , swing states in which the unemployment rate is between 4 % and 6 % . New Hampshire is heavily white and socially liberal , and its economy has fared well in recent years . Romney will thus have to make an ideological appeal to tax-sensitive voters concerned about deficits and debt . A similar dynamic applies to Iowa as well . Virginia has a large minority population that is supportive of Obama , but it also contains a large number of tax-sensitive suburbanites who might be amenable to Romney 's conservative message . Romney has oil-and-gas-oriented low unemployment states such as South Dakota , Wyoming and Oklahoma locked up . But the incumbent is comfortably ahead in Minnesota and Vermont . At a state-by-state level , at least , there does n't appear to be a straight line between high unemployment levels and opposition to Obama . High unemployment does matter -- but judging by the state of the race right now , it seems to matter more because employed voters , including many who 've fared relatively well in recent years , see it as a sign of economic failure than because unemployed voters will turn out against the president in droves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Reihan Salam .	There 's a widespread view that unemployment levels are hurting Obama 's re-election chances Reihan Salam : It seems Obama has strong support from groups more likely to be jobless He says Romney is left in the position of having to appeal to those who have fared better Unemployment matters because even those who have done well see rate as a failure , he says
CNN  -- When I was a little girl , I watched a lot of TV . I loved sitcoms and had a special love for talk and variety shows . I loved it whenTotie Fields , Moms Mabley and Phyllis Diller came on , but there was no one who affected me like Joan Rivers . Like every other misfit Jewish girl growing up in the suburbs of New Jersey , I may have adored Barbra , but I could relate to Joan . She was a perfect stand-up comic . Self-deprecating without being self-deprecating . Her jokes were flawless . And she was always the smartest person in the room . Every time she came on TV , my mother would say , "  You know she graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Barnard ... Ivy League . "  My mother was obsessed with Jewish celebrities , and Ivy League graduates  . But the best part of Joan was how she made me laugh . And I mean belly laugh . And if you know a comic , you know that we do n't laugh easily . Joan Rivers was a role model to comics everywhere , but especially to women . She got the first laugh and the last laugh . I learned from this . When the kids in school taunted me because of the way I looked  6-foot-2 at 13  , my mother advised me to act like I could n't hear them . I would come up with insults and retorts and play them out in my head , but those insults never came out of my mouth . I censored myself , something Joan had the courage to never do . Humor is the best way to get your point across and nobody got their point across better than Joan . This tiny little loud-mouthed Jewish woman was my hero . When Joan Rivers walked through the curtain on "  The Tonight Show , " nobody in my house was allowed to utter a sound . Her gait was full of pep and purpose and her voice unmatched . Her first appearance was in 1965 , when I was 3 . Johnny Carson called her over to the couch and whispered , "  You 're going to be a star . " She looked behind her to see if he was talking to someone else . She never stopped . She kept working in clubs , opening for other celebrities , writing jokes and books , recording albums , and being a mother -- and eventually a single mother . She never revealed her pain and struggles , she just kept on working -- making other people laugh . We all know showbiz is n't easy , but being a comic -- especially being a female comic -- can be quite punishing . Whenever it got rough enough for me to wonder , "  Is this really worth it ? " I immediately thought about Joan . It was she who made me never , ever give up . She was sometimes vilified for saying exactly what she thought  something no one in our business had ever done before or has done since  . Everything and everyone was fair game . She found humor in the most tragic , forlorn and traumatic circumstances . Yes , she offended lots of people , but she laughed at herself first . She knew what you were thinking and trumped you with a joke every time . It 's one thing to be able to say the thing everyone else wishes they could think of saying , but it 's another thing to say it with aplomb , even as you know you 're opening yourself up to recrimination . Whether it was her plastic surgery , her age or her weight , she beat you to it . When I first met Joan , on this silly shopping show she was doing , I was so nervous . But she put me right at ease with her warmth and humility . Whenever I saw her after that , she would bestow loving , motherly , sage advice upon me . After my first son was born , I told her I was worried that I was screwing up his sleep because he would always wake up in the middle of the night when I got home from a gig and we would end up hanging out until he fell back asleep . Said Joan : "  Who cares ! The most important thing is not what time it is when you spend time with your child - It 's that you SPEND time with your child . " I told her once : "  I hope you know all you have done for female comics . We would n't be here without you . " "  Oh baloney !! I did nothing , " she replied . "  You are funny . That 's all that matters -- and that you do n't let anyone take your hard-earned money !! Do everything yourself ! " She would never listen to how great she was , but she would always make you feel like a million bucks . Joan Rivers broke down barriers , advocated for free speech , and never apologized for who she was . Everyone knew how much she loved her daughter and her grandson . She loved the people she worked with . She loved her fans . She loved her friends . But just like every other Jewish mother , she was uncomfortable hearing about how much she was loved . A few weeks ago , I emailed her and asked if her ears were burning because fellow stand-up Lynne Koplitz and I were up at the Montreal Comedy Festival talking with some other comics about how much we loved her and how good she was to us . She emailed back , "  Adore you both . XXX " She was so much more than a simple girl with a dream . She gave so many funny little misfit girls permission to dream . Thank you does n't seem nearly enough . This is a really hard one .	As a budding comic growing up in New Jersey , Judy Gold related to , adored Joan Rivers She says Rivers a role model to female comics , worked very hard , was fearless She says Rivers was a nurturing colleague , gave her advice on mothering , work Gold : Rivers not comfortable being told how beloved she was . But she was
CNN  -- What 's your excuse for not voting ? You moved and forgot to change your address ? Could n't get out of work on time ? You do n't care about the issues ? Rapper Lil Jon put you all to shame by jumping on a plane so he could turn out to vote in his home district in Atlanta . Lil Jon , who is registered to vote under his real name , Jonathan Smith , emphatically announced Tuesday in an all-caps message on social media that he was on a 6 a.m. flight from Los Angeles to Atlanta . He said Georgia never sent him an absentee ballot after he requested one on Oct. 9 , despite "  numerous calls . " In Atlanta , Fulton County Elections Director Richard Barron said the rapper 's request for an absentee ballot came in Friday , October 24 . The department sent out the absentee ballot via U.S. Postal Service on Monday , October 27 , Barron said . He was unable to confirm whether Lil Jon received the absentee ballot , because the department does not track the status of mailed ballots . Luckily for Lil Jon , he had the means to hop on a last-minute flight to his polling station . A few hours later , he posted an image on Instagram of him proudly wearing his "  I 'm a Georgia Voter " sticker . Lil Jon is not the only person with complaints  legitimate or not  about Georgia 's voting system . The office of Georgia 's secretary of state confirmed Tuesday that its website has been experiencing intermittent problems on Election Day . It would have looked pretty bad if Lil Jon did n't make it to the polls . As a spokesman for Rock the Vote , he appeared in a get-out-the-vote music video , "  Turn Out for What , " a remix of his hit song "  Turn Down for What . " CNN 's Magic Wall Midterms coverage CNN 's Noah Gray contributed to this report .	NEW : Lil Jon casts vote in Georgia after last-minute flight from Los Angeles Lil Jon says Georgia did not send him an absentee ballot despite "  numerous calls " Fulton County Elections Director says his office sent absentee ballot October 27 He appeared in the video for "  Rock the Vote " set to his hit song "  Turn Down for What "
CNN  It 's one of the most famous faces in history , even though no one really knows what he looked like . Instead , every culture , every generation , remakes Jesus in its own image . A blonde-haired , blue-eyed savior when America was mostly Anglo-Protestant , at least in Hollywood 's eyes . An androgynous , meek-and-mild messiah during the anything-goes 1970s . A studly action-figure hero after the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Flip through the gallery above , and you 'll see what I mean . If you turned on the television this past Sunday , though , a new vision of Jesus came into view . Darker , in mood and skin tone . Earthy rather than ethereal . If not following all of history 's clues -- Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus -- then at least inching closer . Flipping through the channels on a day millions of Western Christians celebrated the resurrection of their savior , viewers could choose from "  Killing Jesus , " a NatGeo production rebroadcast Sunday on Fox . "  A.D. , " NBC 's sequel to the blockbuster miniseries "  The Bible , " and "  Finding Jesus , " CNN 's addition to the ever-burgeoning body of Christ-centered TV fare . Does God have a prayer in Hollywood ? What unites these disparate projects , besides a recognition that Jesus always draws an audience and the Good Book is good for business , is the type of men chosen to play Christ . They are brawny , with brown eyes and dark complexions . They look like men who could be carpenters , if not in Nazareth , than at least in the Mediterranean neighborhood . Haaz Sleiman , from "  Killing Jesus , " was born and raised in Lebanon . He 's also Muslim , a fact that annoyed some Christians , who took to Twitter to voice their displeasure . Adam Bond , a British actor of mixed heritage , including Native American , portrays Jesus during the historical reenactments in "  Finding Jesus . " And Juan Pablo Di Pace -- a Argentinian named after the late St. Pope John Paul II -- takes a starring role in "  A.D. , " replacing Diogo Morgado , dubbed "  hot Jesus , " by some , "  smarmy Jesus " by others . You could make the case that authenticity is the coin of our current entertainment realm , and that filmmakers are competing to make their work as historically accurate as possible . Contemporary viewers are too savvy to stomach the fake beards and odd accents that littered the camels-and-sandals epics of eras past . But there 's another , deeper meaning behind our new , multicultural Jesuses , scholars say . "  Filmmakers and networks are in touch with the fact that the complexion of America has changed , " said Stephenson Humphries-Brooks , a religion scholar and author of "  Cinematic Savior : Hollywood 's Making of the American Christ . " "  A large number of Americans are people of color : Latinos and Middle Easterners and people from India , " Humphries-Books continued . "  That means the audience base is shifting in various and important ways . " The audience base may be shifting , but it 's also tuning in . Each of the Jesus shows drew big ratings , which means you 'll likely be seeing more of Christ as you channel surf . But according to the Apostle Paul , almost every depiction of Jesus so far has gotten at least one detail wrong : his flowing locks . Real men do n't wear long hair , said the New Testament scribe .	If you turned on the television this past Sunday , a new vision of Jesus came into view . Darker , in mood and skin tone . Earthy rather than ethereal . According to the Apostle Paul , almost every depiction of Jesus so far has gotten at least one detail wrong .
Gulfport , Mississippi  CNN  -- Someone has turned a crucial dolphin birthing area off the U.S. Gulf Coast into a killing zone and the race is on to find the culprit or culprits before the marine mammals begin giving birth and the newborn dolphins are put at risk . "  There is a sense of urgency . It is important that we find the person or persons who is perpetrating this heinous act , " said Moby Solangi , lead biologist of The Institute of Marine Mammal Studies in Gulfport , Mississippi . "  It looks like somebody is deranged . It 's really senseless . It 's repugnant . It 's illegal . I do n't understand what sort of person would do such a cruel act , " Solangi told CNN during an aerial tour of the sites where many of the dolphin carcasses were found . At least seven carcasses have turned up along a 120-mile stretch of the Gulf Coast , from Louisiana in the west to Florida in the east . Some have gunshot wounds , others have been mutilated , including one with its jaw cut off . Solangi , who performed necropsies of all the slaughtered dolphins , said the cruelty of what he 's seen is the equivalent of having your pet dog 's neck sliced . "  This is gruesome really , " Solangi said . "  It 's not only killing them , it 's also mutilating them . And the parts that are taken are disposed of ; not next to the animal , they are taken . And they are not worth anything . " The first dolphin was found January 8 with a bullet wound on Deer Island , near Biloxi , Mississippi . In June , a bottlenose dolphin was found in Perdido Bay , Florida , near the Florida-Alabama state line , with a screwdriver stuck in its head . In September , one was found on Elmers Island , Louisiana , with a gunshot wound . On October 10 , a dolphin was found on the beach in Dauphin Island , Alabama with its fluke cut off . The list gets worse from there . On November 6 , a dolphin was found in near Ocean Springs , Mississippi , dead from numerous cuts . Three days later two more were discovered ; another one with bullet wounds near Ocean Springs , and one on Ship Island , a remote barrier island off Biloxi , Mississippi , that was found with its jaw cut off . Authorities are still trying to determine if a dead dolphin found November 2 , in Bayou Julia , Louisiana , is linked to the other killings . To stop the slaughter before the dolphins ' birthing season , which begins soon , federal authorities say they need the public 's help . "  We need to have witnesses come forward . We need public input and information , " said Jeff Radonski , a deputy special agent for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , which is leading the hunt for the dolphin killer or killers . Investigators hope the culprit has bragged to friends or acquaintances about the killings . The large area over which the carcasses have been found make the investigation more difficult , Radonski said . There could be several motives for the slaughter -- it might be someone who is a "  thrill seeker , " or fishermen who found the dolphins interfering with their operations on the water , he explained . In at least two previous cases , fishing charter captains have been found guilty of shooting at dolphins that approached their boats , or the fish their passengers had hooked , NOAA told CNN . The Marine Mammal Protection Act states that anyone convicted of killing a dolphin could be sentenced to one year in prison and fined up to $ 100,000 . The law also makes it a crime to feed dolphins in the wild . Lt. Col. Claude Pittman , who patrols in the area of the killings for the Mississippi Department of Marine Resources , said he has n't seen a dolphin shot in his 22 years of work . But these dolphin killings are making him fearful . "  You do n't know what type of person is doing this , " he said . "  Would they carry it any further ? I have no idea . "	At least seven dolphins have been slaughtered off the Gulf Coast The animals have been shot and mutilated , authorities say Feds hope to find the killers before the dolphin birthing season
CNN  "  Attenzione , the wine ! " That is an old punchline in the Weir home , thanks to plastic cups of Chianti , a low bridge and a gondolier named Marco . His concerned bark broke the spell as my wife and I smooched and gaped , moon-eyed dorks on our first night in Venice . When I told my dad I was taking my wife to Italy for our first anniversary , he snorted . "  Where you gon na take her for your 10th ? The moon ? " He was right . It was perfect . Pigeons in San Marco , sunset over the Grand Canal , Bellinis and cheeseburgers at Harry 's . Venice entered our bloodstream that trip . But in the years since , I 've heard very different stories from disappointed folks back from their first trip to La Serenissima because the city of water and love now has too much of both . Too much water , and way too many lovers . Because this impossible city of palazzos and cathedrals is built atop wooden posts driven into the muddy floor of a lagoon , Venice has been slowly sinking since Casanova canoodled down its canals . When aquifers were tapped to build massive petrochemical plants on the nearby mainland , Venice sank faster . And then folks noticed that the sea level was on a slow but steady rise . In the 1920s , there were about 400 incidents of acqua alta , or high water , when the right mix of tides and winds drives the liquid streets up into homes and shops in the lowers parts of the city . By the 1990s , there were 2,400 incidents -- and new records are set every year . But , the Italians have a plan . It is called the MOSE Project . MOSE is an acronym for "  Experimental Electromechanical Module , " but it is also the Italian word for Moses , a guy known for parting the sea and protecting the faithful . It 's a system of 78 massive gates mounted to hinges on the ocean floor . The gates are filled with air , and designed to rise and create a temporary sea wall . Since the plan was hatched , low-lying cities from Miami to Mumbai have taken a keen interest to see if the idea can work . Everybody is still waiting : MOSE is now 10 years behind schedule , and $ 5 billion over budget . And on one early morning in 2014 , police rounded up 35 people at the highest levels of MOSE , including Giorgio Orsoni , the mayor of Venice . While several went to prison on plea bargains , the now-former mayor is fighting charges of corruption and kickbacks . But while I went back to Venice to do a story on rising water , instead I found a surprising drama about the rising tide of humanity . People know Venice is special and fragile , so they come -- to the tune of 20 million tourists a year . Meanwhile , the watery headaches and cost of living has created a mass exodus of native Venetians : 100,000 have moved to the mainland in a single generation , and around 60,000 remain . On a busy summer day , in the most popular section of the city , tourists can outnumber Venetians 600-1 . In Manhattan , that number is 8-1 . When a cruise ship dumps thousands of people into Venice at once , they squeeze down jammed medieval streets where purveyors of overpriced pizza and cheap masks have replaced the shops of artists and artisans . Each year , more people come . Each year , less get to enjoy the city we found on that first magical night . People have been worrying about the impending death of Venice for centuries , but the place is in trouble , now more than ever . And in an age of rising seas and exploding populations , Venice is a test . A test to preserve beauty , history and harmony from the greatest threats : time , tide and greed .	Venice , Italy , has slowly been sinking The city is testing a new system that would combat the rising tides CNN host Bill Weir travels to the Italian city for an episode of "  The Wonder List "
CNN  -- Ayman al-Zawahiri 's coronation as the king of al Qaeda came with some anxiety over another major attack and a barrage of questions about the future of the terror network . Since 1998 , al-Zawahiri had been Osama bin Laden 's personal physician and one of his closest confidants , a steadfast deputy who eulogized his boss after his death last month in Pakistan . But it took this many weeks for an al Qaeda announcement on its new leader , and that suggested to some analysts that there had been head-bashing over who should take the helm . "  It does n't suggest a vast reservoir of accumulated goodwill for him , " said Peter Bergen , CNN 's national security analyst . When the founder and leader of any organization dies , it 's a challenge to thrive . In al Qaeda 's case , the road ahead is lined with major bumps , especially for its newly anointed leader . Weakened in recent years , al Qaeda has been losing a critical war of ideas and now faces another hurdle in the Arab Spring , Bergen said . "  They are two big nails in the coffin , " he said . Al-Zawahiri will have to overcome al Qaeda 's troubles in spite of his personal shortcomings . For starters , he lacks the charisma and oratory of his former boss . "  He wants to inspire people , not just who are joining the al Qaeda organization , but people who have never joined the al Qaeda organization and are trying to launch attacks in their name , " said Paul Cruickshank , a CNN terrorism analyst . "  Without bin Laden there anymore , they wo n't be as inspired . There are others in the organization , like American-born Yemeni cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who were unlikely contenders but might have made a better choice . Al-Awlaki speaks English , is tech-savvy and might have been one to re-energize the network with a boost or morale and fresh recruits at a time when many believe al Qaeda 's influence is waning . And Saif al-Adel , a former Egyptian army lieutenant and long-time Islamist , was appointed the interim leader of al Qaeda after bin Laden 's death . But Bergen said al-Adel , sort of the defense minister for al Qaeda , has never been a public face for the group . He is widely believed to be managing insurgent paramilitary operations in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region . There are also reports describing al-Zawahiri as a prickly man who can be argumentative , divisive and difficult to work with . He has been accused of being a micro-manager who is not a true ideologue in the vein of bin Laden . These are all qualities that do not bode well for an organization that has to re-energize itself in order to survive , analysts said . "  Very poorly respected , " said former CIA Officer Phil Mudd . "  He is seen as a difficult man to work with . He has no sense among the work force in al Qaeda , the kind of prestige that bin Laden had . " But as it were , al Qaeda 's central command came together and talked it out until they agreed on al-Zawahiri , said Bill Roggio , military affairs analyst who is managing editor of The Long War Journal . "  He has been a very public official . He 's very well known in the rank and file , " Roggio said . "  There 's a lot of questions on how he 's perceived in the ranks , but even bin Laden had his detractors . " But ultimately , Roggio said , al Qaeda closes ranks , and the group is likely to operate in a business-as-usual mode . "  Under his leadership , there really wo n't be that many changes , " said Mark Baker , who worked for 17 years in counterterrorism at the CIA . "  It 's not like a corporate shakeup . " There has n't been a successful major attack on the West since the London bombings in 2005 , and experts were divided over whether al-Zawahiri will try to cement his throne with a dastardly act . Sajjan Gohel , director of international security for the London-based counterterrorism think tank Asia-Pacific Foundation , said al-Zawahiri will have to figure out how to unite the myriad factions of al Qaeda and deal with an operational space that has been confining due to U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan . The organization is also suffering financially , Gohel said . "  He needs to do something to keep al Qaeda relevant in a very difficult scenario , " Gohel said . The biggest challenge may be how to gain back ideological ground in a time when pro-democracy movements are blossoming in northern Africa and the Middle East . Al Qaeda has been opportunistic in claiming that the mass demonstrations fly in the face of Western powers , but in reality , Bergen said , the group has been rendered irrelevant in the events reverberating through the region . "  If you have freedom , al Qaeda will go away , " former Egyptian jihadist Osama Rushdi said in February . Roggio said that had bin Laden been killed shortly after the September 11 attacks , al-Zawahiri would have been taking over a less mature organization and might have had a more difficult time moving it forward . But 10 years after those devastating attacks , al Qaeda is well-established , Roggio said . It matters less who is in charge because the middle managers -- the bomb-makers , the men on the streets making the operations decisions -- are entrenched in their jobs . How important al Qaeda 's top job is remains to be seen . "  But it is far more established and networked today than it was , " Roggio said . Still , al-Zawhiri may not fit that easily into bin Laden 's shoes . He also takes charge after a series of recent captures and kills of al Qaeda leaders : Among them were Fazul Abdullah Mohammed , the most-wanted terrorist in Africa , and Ilyas Kashmiri in Pakistan . "  Between the drone program , losing the war of ideas , their relevance , the bench depleted by captures or kills , the lack of success of attacks on the West -- all these things do n't suggest a great deal of strength for al Qaeda , " Bergen said . "  That 's the problem set al-Zawahiri inherits . "	It took many weeks for al Qaeda to announce its new leader That could be sign of disagreement over al-Zawahiri Al Qaeda is losing the war of ideas Al-Zawahiri lacks the charisma and oratory of Osama bin Laden
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang has called on his nation 's tourists to improve their behavior , stressing it was important to project a "  good image of Chinese tourists , " official state media outlet Xinhua reported . Xinhua reported on Thursday that Wang made the remarks during a State Council teleconference on the implementation of the country 's new Tourism Law . The law , adopted in April , is to take effect October 1 . It includes measures aimed at addressing issues like unfair competition , price hikes and forced goods purchases that Xinhua said plague the industry . Wang also said it was important develop the tourism sector into a key part of China 's economy . In a matter of just a decade or so , Chinese tourists have gone from being relatively rare outside of Asia to becoming the most important market in global tourism , surpassing American and German travelers in 2012 as the world 's top international spenders , with a record $ 102 billion shelled out on the road . With the growth has come a backlash against Chinese tourist in some sectors of the travel industry , particularly Hong Kong . There , mainland Chinese tourists face harsh resentment for a number of issues . Clashes between locals and tourists on public transportation and in restaurants have been caught on video , rapidly gone viral on the Internet and are regular press fodder . Chinese tourism : The good , the bad and the backlash	China VP Wang says the country needs to project a better image of its tourists Chinese are now the world 's highest spending tourists Growth has also spurned backlash against mainland tourists
Paris  CNN  -- France 's interior minister admitted Monday that lapses in security made it possible for Greenpeace activists to gain entry to a nuclear power plant southeast of Paris . Interior Minister M. Claude Gueant said there have been lapses in the nuclear plant 's security system and has ordered a search of all nuclear plants , a spokesman for the ministry told CNN . The environmental activist group said on its website that members gained entry to the plant at Nogent-sur-Seine at dawn and managed to climb the dome of one of its two reactors "  in order to spread the message : ` Safe nuclear does not exist . ' " "  This action shows how vulnerable the French nuclear centrals are : Peaceful activists have managed with a few means , to reach the heart of the nuclear central ! Why ? How ? Because the security device is insufficient , " the website stated . President Nicolas Sarkozy , during a news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , called the act "  irresponsible , " but said that the government will "  absolutely publish all " of the audits related to plant security .	Interior minister has ordered a search of all nuclear plants , spokesman says Greenpeace : Action shows vulnerability of French nuclear security French president calls act "  irresponsible " but pledges transparency
CNN  -- The South Korean military suspended its search for missing sailors Wednesday because of high winds spawned by stormy weather , the Yonhap News Agency reported . Searchers have been looking for 46 missing sailors from the 1,200-ton ship Cheonan , a naval ship that sank Friday in the Yellow Sea near the maritime border of North and South Korea . Fifty-eight crew members were rescued , and the intense search led to the death of a military diver and the hospitalization of two others . Diver dies in rescue effort near sunken ship Yonhap reported that divers have injected "  air through a crack in the stem of the 88-meter-long corvette , hopeful that the latter section of the ship , about 45 meters underwater , is holding crew members alive . " But high winds and strong currents have been working against the rescue effort . "  We are temporarily suspending operations . We can not expect to get near the ship in this condition , " defense ministry spokesman Won Tae-jae told reporters . Military officials say an explosion tore a hole in the rear of the ship , but the cause of the blast is not known . South Korean President Lee Myung-bak has called for a thorough investigation into the cause of the explosion , and the country 's defense minister , Kim Tae-young , has raised the possibility that one of the many North Korean sea mines placed during the 1950-53 Korean War could have triggered the blast . He said the military was "  trying its best " to find survivors and that the cause of the incident will be made public "  at the soonest possible time . " Rescuers find rear section of ship where sailors could be trapped The navy plans to salvage the vessel , which was carrying missiles and torpedoes , to determine what caused the incident , Yonhap reported . Kim said work to hoist the ship above water could start next week and he said the government is mulling the formation of a fact-finding group to look into the incident . "  We will explain anything to answer questions and address rumors concerning the incident , " Kim said . "  We have nothing to hide and no reason to hide . So many lives are involved in this case . " Monday evening was the end of a 69-hour window during which rescuers believed the sailors could survive . Divers have knocked on the hulls of different parts of the ship with hammers , but raised no response . Baengyeong Island , the Seoul-administered island near the scene of the accident , is a flash point maritime border area between the Koreas . Given Baengyeong Island 's proximity to North Korea , North Korean involvement had been feared , but South Korean officials have continued to play down that scenario . North Korea 's official media has yet to mention the incident , according to Yonhap , but accused the United States and South Korea of conducting a maritime drill for the purpose of invading North Korea .	High winds caused by stormy weather delay search for missing South Korean sailors 46 sailors missing after explosion sank a naval ship Friday in the Yellow Sea 58 seamen were rescued soon after blast ; no bodies or survivors found since then Military officials say an explosion tore a hole in the rear of the ship ; cause of the blast not known
Whenever Alex Rodriguez -- or his DMs  designated mouthpieces  -- discuss the evil ways of his haters these days , it sounds believable . To hear the DMs for the man they call "  A-Rod " tell it , Rodriguez 's bosses on the New York Yankees are out to get him , and the same goes for the entire establishment of Major League Baseball . I mean , Team A-Rod would swear on a stack of trading cards that the world is forcing this guy to struggle up a hill with a cross made of old Louisville Sluggers . Poor thing . I 'm not buying any of this , by the way , and neither should you . It does n't matter that the tongues for those on Team A-Rod are as smooth as Rodriguez 's hitting once was while he was evolving into the most prolific slugger of his time , before a five-year slide to ordinary or less . Denial , denial , denial . Not about Rodriguez 's likely use of performance-enhancing drugs within the last few years  he has admitted that he used them when he played for the Texas Rangers from 2001-2003  . Team A-Rod has moved around that subject on its tippy toes . They mostly issue denials that Rodriguez is n't into misleading baseball officials , the Yankees , his teammates , fans and even his absolutely pristine self about anything at any time . Just thinking ... Have n't we seen this middle part of a three-station cycle before from Ryan Braun , Lance Armstrong , Rafael Palmeiro , Marion Jones , Pete Rose , Mark McGwire and Michael Vick ? Yes , we have , and these figures are among those in the ever-expanding Liars Hall of Fame . For induction , you must ace the ability to move quickly from The Accusations to The Denial , and before you reach The Confession , you must challenge the world record of politicians for denying and denying some more . "  I did not bet on baseball . " "  I have never , ever used performance-enhancing drugs . "  Everybody wants to know what I am on . What am I on ? I 'm on my bike busting my  butt  six hours a day . What are you on ? " "  Let me start by telling you this : I have never used steroids , period . I do n't know how to say it any more clearly than that . Never . " "  This is all B.S. I am completely innocent . " "  I take these charges very seriously and look forward to clearing my good name . " If you 're keeping score , the authors of those previous whoppers were Rose , Jones , Armstrong , Palmeiro  as he wagged his finger at a U.S. congressman on Capitol Hill  , Braun and Vick . What 's up with this ? "  Athletes get hooked on notoriety and fame . I mean , when is the last time they had to buy a meal or a drink ? " said Patrick Devine , who spent years as a sports psychologist for the Atlanta Braves before returning to private practice . He also serves as a professor at Kennesaw State University in Georgia . Added Devine , "  They think everybody loves them , because there are so many people looking at them as their heroes . "  So , athletes start to think that , because of their great deeds and because of the championships they may have won , the public in the end is going to forgive them for whatever they decide to do . " Opinion : How A-Rod let us down That 's why , after The Accusations and The Denial , members of the Liars Hall of Fame do n't bother with The Confession until evidence surfaces to confirm their guilt beyond a shadow of a doubt . Then they throw themselves to the mercy of their fans , but only after they have slashed and burned a bunch of innocent folks along the way . As a result , this Rodriguez thing is about to get creepier , because it feels so much like everything I just wrote . There is Major League Baseball claiming Rodriguez joined 12 other players in purchasing and using performance-enhancing drugs from a clinic in south Florida called Biogenesis . According to reports , those same baseball officials say Rodriguez tried to hinder their investigation by lying and by encouraging others to do the same . There also are reports from CBS 's 60 Minutes that Rodriguez used some of his associates to squeal on other drug-using players in an attempt to cover his pinstripes . Rodriguez denies this . Which brings us to this : Follow the money . The New York Times reported this week that Rodriguez has retained at least six law firms and two public relations firms . Among other things , the paper said those A-Rod entities are trying to prove the Yankees and Major League Baseball are trying to take away as much of what remains of Rodriguez 's original $ 275 million contract as possible . Baseball officials had slapped Rodriguez with a 211-game suspension that would keep the 38-year-old third baseman out of the game until after the start of the 2015 season . He appealed the decision , and it will be months before the results are known . If the suspension is upheld , Rodriguez will lose approximately $ 34 million of his salary . Until then , when it 's raining , we 'll have Rodriguez telling us the sunshine is beating against his shades . "  It 's the same thing as somebody suffering from alcoholism . Denial , " Devine said . "  Now , in the case of some of the people we 're talking about , they just look at everything  PED use , conniving , lying  as simply , ` This is what I have to do to compete at the highest level , ' and in their mind -- morally and ethically -- it 's not wrong . It 's also like , ` If I do get caught , what 's going to happen to me ? ' I mean , we 're eventually going to put Pete Rose in the Hall of Fame , and that sort of thing allows athletes to go into this denial thing along the way to being so convincing . Opinion : Is doping at work and in class OK ? "  To them , it 's really like that old kid 's line you hear : If you start telling a lie long enough , you start to believe it . " Yeah , but the rest of us do n't have to believe it .	Terence Moore : As he faces suspension , A-Rod plays martyr besieged by forces out to get him He says do n't buy it . It 's denial common to fallen sports stars , from Pete Rose to Armstrong He says in Liars Hall of Fame , first come accusations , then denial , and confession . Why ? Moore : Lying sports stars ca n't accept fall ; think if they repeat lie enough , it 'll be true . Do n't buy it
CNN  -- Cue the screams : One of the hardest-working couples in show business is headed on tour . On Monday , Jay Z and Beyonce announced a joint summer trek that will take them to 16 cities throughout North America , starting in June . The married couple first stirred anticipation that they 'd tour together in early April , but the buzz was initially dampened by Jay Z revealing that his 2014 "  Made in America " music festival will play in both Los Angeles and Philadelphia . It seems the pair just wanted an element of surprise . Their announcement of the "  On the Run " tour arrived complete with an image of the two wearing ski masks . Even before they quietly tied the knot in 2008 , Mr. and Mrs. Carter have dominated the music industry both as solo artists and as a couple . One of their recent collaborations , "  Drunk In Love , " was controversial but nonetheless landed at No. 1 . And with their "  On the Run " tour , the duo are hoping to use their combined star power for good . A dollar from each "  On the Run " ticket sold will go toward the Shawn Carter Foundation , an organization that helps underserved groups go to college . The tour is also being presented in partnership with Beyonce 's #BeyGOOD campaign , which seeks to inspire charitable work , kindness and community involvement . Tickets go on sale for the general public May 2 , while anxious fans can visit Beyonce 's or Jay Z 's Facebook page for information on advance purchases . The tour will launch in Miami on June 25 and wind down in San Francisco on August 5 .	Jay Z and Beyonce have announced a joint summer tour Anticipation for the tour was stirred earlier this month "  On the Run " will kick off in Miami in June The couple will visit 16 cities before concluding the tour in August
Patrick Sawyer had one stop to make before heading home to Minnesota to celebrate his daughters ' birthdays : a conference in Lagos , Nigeria . But when he landed in Lagos , Sawyer , 40 , collapsed getting off the plane . He had been infected with Ebola in Liberia , where he worked as a top government official in the Liberian Ministry of Finance . Sawyer was isolated at a local Nigerian hospital on July 20 . He died five days later . Sawyer 's wife Decontee Sawyer , lives in Coon Rapids , Minnesota , with the couple 's three young daughters , 5-year-old Eva , 4-year-old Mia , and Bella , who is 1 . The Sawyers are naturalized citizens ; their daughters were born in the United States . "  He was so proud when he became a U.S. citizen , " Decontee told CNN . "  He voted for first time in the last U.S. presidential election . He lived in the U.S. for many years , and wanted that for Liberia -- a better democracy . " Sawyer had been caring for his Ebola-stricken sister in Liberia , Decontee said , though at the time he did n't know she had Ebola . Sawyer is the first American to die in what health officials are calling the "  deadliest Ebola outbreak in history . " His death has sparked concerns that the virus could potentially spread to the United States . "  People were n't really taking it -LSB- Ebola -RSB- seriously until it hit Patrick , " Decontee said . "  People are ready to take action . " Let 's take a step back and look at what we know about the Ebola outbreak : Where is it happening ? Up until this past week , the Ebola outbreak had been contained to three West African countries : Guinea , where it began , Liberia and Sierra Leone . Sawyer is the first known case outside of these three countries . As of July 23 , the World Health Organization had confirmed more than 800 Ebola cases in the region , but suspects there have been many unreported infections and there may be more like 1,200 cases . Sierra Leone has been hardest hit with approximately 525 cases . How many people have died ? The World Health Organization says as of July 23 , there have been 456 confirmed Ebola deaths , and another 216 suspected deaths , bringing the number possibly to more than 670 . The country of Guinea has the most suspected deaths . The epidemic has been in that country longer . It is believed the epidemic began in the nation 's capital of Conakry . While international leaders have mobilized to fight the epidemic , it can be a difficult one to stop . It is so highly infectious that it typically kills 90 % of those who catch it . The death rate in this particular outbreak had dropped to roughly 60 % since it has been treated early in many instances . There is , however , no Ebola vaccination . Have other Americans been infected ? Last week , two American aid workers in Liberia 's capital city , Monrovia , were confirmed to have the disease . Doctors and medical staff are particularly vulnerable to the virus because it spreads through exposure to bodily fluids from the infected . It can also spread through contact with an object contaminated by an infected person 's bodily fluids . Dr. Kent Brantly , a 33-year-old Fort Worth , Texas , resident , had been treating Ebola patients in Monrovia when he started to feel sick . Brantly works with Samaritan 's Purse , a Christian international relief agency . He has been the medical director for the Ebola Consolidated Case Management Center in Monrovia and has been working to help Ebola patients since October . After testing positive for Ebola , Brantly went into treatment at ELWA Hospital . Samaritan 's Purse has been working to evacuate him for better care , said Ken Isaacs , vice president of the agency . Unfortunately , emergency medical evacuation flights in the area are not equipped to handle the "  intense isolation " required for an Ebola patient . Brantly 's family had been with him in Liberia , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , but left for the United States before he became symptomatic ; as such it is highly unlikely that they caught the virus from him . Out of an abundance of caution they are on a 21-day fever watch , the CDC said . "  We have a strong family unit within a stronger faith community that has given us incredible support , " the Brantly family said in a statement . "  Kent remains very physically weak , but his spirit has been determined throughout this ordeal . " Nancy Writebol from Charlotte , North Carolina , has also been infected . She is employed by Serving in Mission , or SIM , and had teamed up with the staff from Samaritan 's Purse to help fight the Ebola outbreak in Monrovia when she got sick . She , too , is undergoing treatment . It is believed one of the local staff was infected with Ebola and came to work with the virus on Monday and Tuesday , Isaacs told CNN . "  We think it was in the scrub-down area where the disease was passed to both Nancy and Kent , " he said . That staff member died on Thursday . Both Brantly and Writebol are stable , according to a statement released Tuesday by SIM , though both patients are still exhibiting symptoms of the virus . "  Due to the upsurge in cases of Ebola in the region , SIM and Samaritan 's Purse have taken the precautionary step of mandating the evacuation of all nonessential personnel from Liberia , " the statement said . "  Timing , means , and place of evacuation are being decided now . " Could Ebola spread to the U.S. ? The CDC held a media briefing Monday to emphasize that there is "  no significant risk " of an Ebola outbreak in the United States . There has never been a confirmed case of Ebola spreading to a developed country , said Kamiliny Kalahne , an epidemiologist with Doctors Without Borders . "  This is because people generally transmit the infection when they are very sick , have a high fever and a lot of symptoms -- and in these situations , they do n't travel . "  And even if they do get sick once they travel to a developed country , they will be in a good hospital with good infection control , so they are very unlikely to infect others , " she said . The U.S. health care system is also better suited to handle an Ebola case than many in West Africa , said Dr. Marty Cetron , director of CDC 's Division of Global Migration and Quarantine . Health officials would likely recognize such a case and be able to trace all points of contact with the patient to prevent further transmission , he said . "  Epidemics of disease are often followed by epidemics of fear and epidemics of stigma , " Cetron said . "  All of these things occur in a social context that can make containment very challenging . " That said , Sawyer did end up on an airplane at an international airport : What 's to say others might not do the same , and actually make it to the United States ? Count CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Sanjay Gupta among those who believe "  it 's going to happen at some point . " One big reason is that it takes 2 to 21 days between the time a person is infected and when he or she shows symptoms -- including vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function , and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Ebola is not contagious until symptoms appear , though that does n't mean a person can not travel in the incubation period . "  Just observing the whole process , it 's almost impossible to prevent from happening , " Gupta said . "  But I think ... it can be then stemmed , so it does n't turn into all these mini-secondary outbreaks . " What should I do ? Avoiding these West African countries is the easiest way to prevent the outbreak from spreading , Cetron said . If you have traveled recently to the region and develop a fever , or other symptoms consistent with Ebola , notify your doctor right away . If you 're a humanitarian worker in the region , you need to be familiar with proper infection control precautions and avoid contact with blood or any other bodily fluids , he said . You should also report any needle sticks or possible exposures early to receive testing and , if necessary , start treatment as soon as possible . The Sawyer family is working with their church community to start "  Concerned Liberians against Ebola , " Decontee said . Their goal is to raise $ 500,000 to help two international organizations : Samaritan 's Purse and Global Health Ministry . How can those with the disease be helped ? While experimental vaccines exist , there are no licensed ones that get widespread use , according to the World Health Organization . The disease can be devastating and , ultimately , deadly in a few ways . One is because it "  disarms your immune system ,  so it  can not fight the virus , " Gupta notes . Another is that it causes people to lose fluids , because of vomiting and diarrhea in addition to bleeding , as Ebola inhibits one 's ability to clot , adds Gupta . The most important thing a person needs to do to survive is to get treated as early and effectively as possible . But that 's not always easy in some parts of Africa , says Monia Sayah , a nurse with the humanitarian organization Doctors Without Borders . "  We go into communities where we are not necessarily welcome , because they understand now that the survival rate is not very high , " Sayah told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . Sayah acknowledges that , in addition to immediate family members , health care workers are among those at highest risk of being infected . One need look no farther than Dr. Sheik Humarr Khan , a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone before dying this week from complications of the disease . Health care workers don gowns , gloves and masks , among other measures , to guard against the disease . "  Every inch of the body has to be covered , " Sayah said . "  It 's essential . " Ebola doctor in Sierra Leone dies	Family : Infected American "  very physically weak , but his spirit  is  determined " CNN 's Gupta : Curbing Ebola almost "  impossible , " but it can be contained Patrick Sawyer 's family lives Minnesota ; he worked in Liberia and died in Nigeria Hundreds have been infected with Ebola around Africa
CNN  -- Seven-times Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong has once again denied claims from a former teammate that he used drugs during his cycling career . Armstrong has been dogged by allegations of drugs abuse in recent years with compatriot Floyd Landis -- who was found guilty of doping in the 2006 Tour de France resulting in him being stripped of the title -- making a series of claims last year . Now , 39-year-old Armstrong has come out fighting once again , in the face of fresh allegations made on the CBS News "  60 Minutes " show by another American Tyler Hamilton . Speaking on his Twitter page , Armstrong said : "  I have had a 20-year career , 500 drug controls worldwide , in and out of competition , and never a failed test . I rest my case . " In the CBS interview , to be aired on Sunday , Hamilton -- who retired in 2009 after twice testing positive himself -- says he first saw Armstrong use blood boosting substance EPO in 1999 , the year of his first Tour de France victory . "  I saw it in his refrigerator , " Hamilton told the American news program . "  I saw him inject it more than one time like we all did , like I did many , many times . " Hamilton added : "  Armstrong took what we all took -- the majority of the peloton took . There was EPO , testosterone , blood transfusions . " Armstrong , Hamilton and Landis were all members of the US Postal squad that is now the subject of a probe by U.S. federal investigators , who are trying to determine if their success came via a systematic doping program . Meanwhile , Armstrong 's lawyer Mark Fabiani blasted the "  60 Minutes " report , releasing a statement saying : "  Tyler Hamilton is seeking to make money by writing a book . "  He has completely changed the story he has always told before so that he could get himself on "  60 Minutes " and increase his chances with publishers . " Fabiani continued : "  Greed and a hunger for publicity can not change the facts : Lance Armstrong is the most tested athlete in the history of sports : He has passed nearly 500 tests over 20 years of competition . " Meanwhile , defending Tour de France champion Alberto Contador will find out next month whether he will be banned for doping . The World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  and world 's cycling 's governing body  UCI  are appealing the Spanish cycling federation 's  RFEC  decision to acquit the Spaniard over a failed doping case . Contador tested positive for a tiny amount of banned muscle-building substance clenbuterol during last July 's Tour . But he was cleared to compete when the RFEC accepted the rider 's claim that he had unknowingly eaten contaminated meat . The case has now gone to the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  , which will decide Contador 's fate on June 6-8 . Meanwhile , on the road , Contador continues to blaze a trail in the Giro d'Italia , finishing second to Venezuela 's Jose Rujano in the mountainous 13th stage to extend his overall advantage . Contador is now three minutes and nine seconds ahead of Tour of Spain champion Vincenzo Nibali in the general classification , following the arduous 167km stage up to Grossglockner in the Austrian Alps	Lance Armstrong denies claims from a former teammate that he used drugs Armstrong was responding to allegations made by compatriot Tyler Hamilton In a CBS interview , Hamilton claims he saw Armstrong inject blood booster EPO
Lonely Planet  -- Go west , young man ! This historic clichÃ © still resonates when it comes to road trips . But whether it 's bombing to the Bay Area along the often dull-as-dirt I-80 or trying to find traces of iconic Route 66 amid a tangle of bland Interstates , the old paradigm of thinking horizontal when planning a road trip is simply not the way to go . Many of the best and most interesting roads in the U.S. run north to south , crossing the nation 's striations and taking you from northern weather and cultures to entirely different ones down south . As a bonus these roads pack a lot into routes that are often shorter than the east-west standbys . New York to San Francisco is about 2900 miles by the most direct route , snoozy I-80 . But Chicago to Miami on the legendary US 41 through Nashville is only 1400 miles and a thrilling journey from start to finish . Often overlooked , the old national highways  with route numbers proceeded by ` US '  offer some incredible north-south journeys . At times the routes disappear under modern interstates but these are mere interruptions in authentic journeys of discovery and adventure . Here are some favorites . Lonely Planet : How to survive a boring road trip US 1  2400 miles One of the great American road trips , this fabled road starts at the Canadian border in Maine and goes all the way south to the tip of the nation in Key West , Florida . Along the way it traverses 15 states , including 12 of the original 13 colonies . It hugs Connecticut 's shore , razors across New York City , crosses Washington DC and hits the old south at Richmond , Va. . Its rural meanderings in Georgia pass towns little changed in decades before it joins the balmy Atlantic coast in Florida and follows the beaches all the way through Miami and on to the Keys . Summer Travel : 10 best motorcycle roads in the U.S. US 41  2000 miles From the tip of Michigan 's Upper Peninsula , where Lakes Superior and Michigan bracket the road , US 41 follows the latter lake down the coast of Wisconsin and into Chicago . There it veers southeast and wanders through the dense woods of Indiana and Kentucky , which abound in pioneer sites , especially ones linked to Abraham Lincoln . In Tennessee , the highlight is Nashville , the music city , before the road bounces down to Atlanta . In Florida US 41 links the resort towns of the Gulf Coast before cutting due east through the heart of the Everglades to Miami . Lonely Planet : The planet 's ultimate drives US 61  1400 miles From a start in the lake-dotted prairies just north of Minneapolis-St Paul , US 61 stays with the Mississippi River through Wisconsin , Iowa and Missouri , where it passes through Mark Twain country in Hannibal and the urban pleasures of St Louis . Continuing south through rural Arkansas and Tennessee , the route earns its legendary moniker ` the Blues Highway ' as it follows the sinuous course of the mighty Mississippi through its namesake state 's Delta Region . Crossing into Louisiana , US 61 ends fittingly at the blues clubs and other myriad pleasures of New Orleans . Summer Travel : Secret hotels of Florida 's Gulf Coast US 83  1900 miles The sleeper of great US roads , US 83 is anything but a snooze , especially if you want hundreds of miles of driving through wide-open spaces , often little changed since the last Conestoga wagon passed through . From Manitoba to Mexico , the route runs near-arrow-straight south through North and South Dakota , Nebraska , Kansas and Oklahoma . The skies are big , the vistas wide and the small towns offer respite from chain-filled Interstate interchanges . In Texas , the beautiful Hill Country is a highlight before the road hits the troubled yet fascinating Mexican border at Laredo and follows the Rio Grande River to Brownsville . Lonely Planet : Top 10 places to view the golden gate bridge US 89  1250 miles No US highway hits more iconic national parks than US 89 , starting with Glacier near the Canadian border in Montana . Hugging the east side of the Rocky Mountains it passes Yellowstone at the Wyoming border and then drops down behind the iconic Grand Teton . In Utah it passes the mineral-laced waters of the Great Salt Lake and in the south cuts between Zion and Bryce Canyon National Parks . Over the line in Arizona is the biggest spectacle of all , the Grand Canyon . Although US 89 officially ends at Flagstaff , you can follow its original route south through Tucson and Saguaro National Park to Nogales and the Mexican border . US 101  1500 miles Easily one of the most famous American highways , a journey along US 101 is the reason for many a trip . The road starts on the Olympic Peninsula across Puget Sound from Seattle . Then it curves around to the Pacific , which it never strays far from all the way south . The views become spectacular at Astoria , Oregon and never diminish as you pass the giant redwoods of Northern California right until San Francisco . Although many people opt for Hwy 1 south of here , staying with US 101 takes you through Steinbeck Country and Salinas and on past the historic 17th century Spanish missions that once lined what was then called the El Camino Real . At Paso Robles , hundreds of wineries vie for attention before the highway encounters the beautiful Southern California coast and follows the beaches through Santa Barbara . Further on it picks up the evocative name Hollywood Freeway and ends near downtown Los Angeles . Originally published as "  America 's Best North-South Roads " Â © 2012 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved . © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Traverse 15 states along US 1 from Maine to Key West Take US 61 from Minnesota to New Orleans , stopping for blues in Mississippi No U.S. highway hits more iconic national parks than US 89
New York  CNN  Around 100 potential jurors made their way into a Manhattan courtroom Monday morning , as Pedro Hernandez , alleged killer of 6-year-old Etan Patz , looked on . Hernandez , joined by his attorneys , Harvey Fishbein and Alice Fontier , sat in court opposite prosecutors from the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office as jury selection for the criminal case began . In May 2012 , Hernandez confessed to choking the boy to death in New York City in 1979 , according to police . The potential jurors were asked to review a list of 131 names of potential witnesses and disclose whether they knew anyone on the list . "  The publicity surrounding this case is ... unprecedented , " said presiding Judge Maxwell Wiley , urging the possible jurors not to read any media reports on the case . You must "  base your decision on what you hear in this courtroom and nothing else , " Wiley instructed . Jury selection is expected to continue at least until the end of the week , with an additional 100 people expected to arrive Tuesday . Ultimately , 12 people will be chosen to serve on the jury . The trial is expected to last approximately two to three months , Wiley said . Hernandez admitted to luring Etan , who was en route to a school bus stop , into the basement of a bodega where Hernandez worked as a stock clerk and killing him , according to police . The boy 's body was put in a garbage bag and thrown away , Hernandez allegedly told authorities . The remains were never found . Fishbein previously argued that his client falsely confessed and the statements were not reliable because Hernandez has an "  IQ in the borderline-to-mild mental retardation range , " and had been repeatedly diagnosed with schizophrenia . But a judge ruled in November that Hernandez 's confession would be admissible in court . The Patz case garnered national attention after the boy went missing , and his picture was plastered on thousands of milk cartons around the country . In November 2012 , a grand jury indicted Hernandez on second-degree murder and kidnapping charges . He pleaded not guilty in court the following month .	Pedro Hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz in 1979 Hernandez confessed , but his attorneys say his low IQ and mental issues make confession invalid A judge ruled in November that the confession was admissible in court
The future may be renewable , but evidence of ancient civilizations is n't always reparable . "  Time for Change ; The Future is Renewable " was the message of Greenpeace activists protesting at the ancient Nazca Lines UNESCO World Heritage Site in the Peruvian desert on Monday . The activists placed yellow letters next to a famous hummingbird design , and now Peruvian authorities are threatening to sue Greenpeace and criminally charge the activists with "  attacking archaeological monuments , " according to The Associated Press . The demonstration was timed to coincide with United Nations ' Lima Climate Change Conference ending Friday . "  It 's a true slap in the face at everything Peruvians consider sacred , " Deputy Culture Minister Luis Jaime Castillo told The Associated Press of the activists ' decision to enter a "  strictly prohibited " area next to a famous hummingbird design . "  You walk there , and the footprint is going to last hundreds or thousands of years , " Castillo told the AP . "  And the line that they have destroyed is the most visible and most recognized of all . " Do n't make these stupid travel mistakes Located about 400 kilometers south of Lima and covering about 450 square kilometers , the Lines and Geoglyphs of Nasca and Pampas de Jumana World Heritage Site has geoglyphs and lines dating from 500 B.C. through A.D. 500 . Artwork that is made from placing or moving stones , earth or other objects , geoglyphs in the area fall into two general categories , according to the site 's UNESCO listing . One type is representational , featuring animals , plant life and other extraordinary figures . The other consists of the lines , mostly straight lines crossing the region 's pampas in different directions . Some are long -- several kilometers -- and form shapes . The designs are believed to have had ritual astronomical functions . Greenpeace has apologized for the action . "  Without reservation Greenpeace apologises to the people of Peru for the offence caused by our recent activity laying a message of hope at the site of the historic Nazca Lines , " the organization said in a statement . "  We are deeply sorry for this . "  Rather than relay an urgent message of hope and possibility to the leaders gathering at the Lima UN climate talks , we came across as careless and crass . " First UNESCO World Heritage Sites Greenspace says it has met with the government to apologize and will cooperate with any investigation and face "  reasonable and fair consequences . " The group says its international executive director , Kumi Naidoo , is in Lima this week to personally apologize and to participate in discussions with the Peruvian authorities . Peru 's World Heritage Sites have had a difficult year . Tourists had also been stripping around the ancient grounds at Machu Picchu just for fun . Incidents of "  naked tourism " at the 15th-century Inca citadel were on the rise this year , but tourists trying to visit sans clothing are being detained . Machu Picchu 's naked tourism problem	Greenpeace hosted a stunt at the ancient site to focus on climate change Peru says the group 's activists destroyed part of the famous Nazca Lines Greenpeace has apologized for the action
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton likely will release her delegates to Sen. Barack Obama , a Democratic official said Sunday , the eve of the Democratic National Convention . Sen. Hillary Clinton will meet with her delegates on Wednesday before that night 's roll call , a spokesman says . Also Sunday , the Democratic Party decided delegates from Michigan and Florida -- states that had been penalized for moving their 2008 presidential primaries to January -- will get full voting rights at the event . The moves answer some questions that lingered ahead of the convention , which starts Monday in Denver . Clinton , who suspended her presidential campaign in June after Obama secured enough delegates to win the party 's nomination , will meet with her delegates at a reception in Denver on Wednesday afternoon -- before that evening 's delegate vote on the nominee , said a Democratic official who asked not to be named . " -LSB- The reception is -RSB- an opportunity for Sen. Clinton to see her delegates -- many for the first time since the primaries ended -- thank them for their hard work and support and most importantly , to encourage them to support and work for Sen. Obama as strongly as she has , in order to elect him in November , " Clinton spokesman Philippe Reines said . Because Clinton suspended her campaign instead of dropping out , she kept the pledged delegates she earned in the primaries and caucuses . Earlier this month , Obama 's campaign said it agreed to put Clinton 's name in nomination at the convention "  in recognition of the historic race she ran and the fact that she was the first woman to compete in all of our nation 's primary contests . " Watch a preview of the convention Clinton already has urged the 18 million people who voted for her in the primaries to get behind Obama . Meanwhile , the Democratic National Committee unanimously voted to end sanctions against Florida and Michigan . The party initially stripped Florida and Michigan of their delegates for holding presidential primaries earlier than the party had wanted . However , in late May , the DNC 's rules and bylaws committee voted to reinstate the delegates but give them each a half-vote . Sunday 's decision gives the delegates a full vote at the convention . Ending the sanctions had been a goal of Clinton , who won Florida and Michigan in her unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination . Obama endorsed lifting the sanctions after Clinton 's withdrawal from the race . Between Monday 's convention opening and Thursday night 's acceptance speech by Obama at Denver 's Invesco Field , delegates are expected to ratify his nomination and that of his vice presidential pick , Sen. Joseph Biden , another former primary rival . Obama faces Republican Sen. John McCain in November in the contest for the presidency . McCain 's campaign has poked at the old Obama-Clinton splits with a campaign ad claiming Clinton was passed over for the No. 2 spot because she was too honest about Obama 's perceived weaknesses . "  The truth hurt , and Obama did n't like it , " McCain 's ad says . But Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. of Illinois , an Obama supporter , told CBS ' "  Face the Nation " on Sunday : "  This campaign is not about Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton . " "  His campaign is about George Bush and four more years of George Bush under John McCain , " Jackson said . "  That message is going to echo clearly from this platform . " A new CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Sunday night showed that Obama 's lead over McCain has evaporated . Forty-seven percent of those questioned are backing Obama , with an equal amount supporting McCain . Taken after Biden 's selection , the poll showed that the number of Clinton Democrats who said they would vote for McCain increased 11 points since June , enough to account for most of the support McCain gained . Clinton fared better than Obama among working-class voters in many states during the primaries . Obama on Sunday suggested the convention would help give those voters "  a sense of who I am . " Obama said he hopes voters will conclude that he is "  sort of like us . He -LSB- Obama -RSB- comes from a middle-class background . He went to school on scholarships , he had to pay off student loans . He and his wife had to worry about child care . " "  You 'll find out : ` He 's pretty much like us , ' " Obama told supporters about himself , while campaigning in Wisconsin on his way to Denver . Obama hammered at McCain on the economy and on McCain 's perceived strong suit , national security . Obama told supporters at a barbecue in Eau Claire , Wisconsin , "  The Republican track record on national security has not been particularly good . " "  My job in this campaign is to explain that talking tough and acting dumb is not a way to keep you safe and secure , " he said . "  We need somebody who talks tough , who 's going to act smart and be tough . That 's how we 're going to look after the safety of the American people . " Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , viewed as a potential McCain running mate , said Obama 's decision to pick Biden -- the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee -- was an acknowledgment that Obama lacked to national security chops to be president . "  I do n't think he 's ready to be president . And when you 're commander-in-chief , you should n't be having to select a mentor to help you with that role , " Pawlenty told CNN 's "  Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer . " CNN 's Jessica Yellin and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .	Sen. Hillary Clinton to meet her delegates on Wednesday , spokesman says Meeting to happen before vote to seal nomination Democratic Party restores full voting rights to Florida , Michigan delegates Florida , Michigan had faced sanctions for holding primaries in January
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was treated with blood thinners on Monday at a New York hospital to help dissolve a blood clot in her head and doctors were confident she would make a full recovery . Clinton was admitted to New York Presbyterian Hospital on Sunday due to the clot that was discovered during a follow-up exam related to a concussion she suffered this month , her spokesman , Philippe Reines , said . The clot was located in the vein between the brain and and the skull behind Clinton 's right ear and did not result in any stroke or neurological damage , her doctors said in a statement . Clinton was treated with blood thinners to help dissolve the clot and would be released once the medication dose had been established , they said . "  In all other aspects of her recovery , the secretary is making excellent progress and we are confident she will make a full recovery . She is in good spirits , engaging with her doctors , her family , and her staff , " Clinton 's doctors said . Blood clots : 4 things you need to know Clinton , 65 , was suffering from a stomach virus earlier this month when she fainted because of dehydration , causing the concussion . Blood clots "  are clumps that occur when blood hardens from a liquid to a solid , " according to the National Institutes for Health . Clots can form inside veins or arteries or even the heart , the NIH says . "  A blockage in the vein will usually cause fluid buildup and swelling , " the NIH website says . Among the possible threats : Sometimes , a "  clot can break loose and travel from one location in the body to another . " Read more : Hillary Clinton fast facts Clinton spent the holidays with her family last week after working from home . She was scheduled to return to work at the State Department this week after being sidelined for most of the past month . Her illness forced her to bow out of testifying on December 20 before the House Foreign Affairs Committee on the deadly September attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya . Clinton , a one-time presidential candidate who is the source of constant speculation she might run again in 2016 , plans to step down from the State Department once a replacement is confirmed by the Senate . President Barack Obama has nominated Sen. John Kerry to succeed her . Report blames poor security , inadequate response in Benghazi attack	The clot was found in the vein between the brain and the skull behind her right ear It did not result in a stroke or neurological damage , Clinton 's doctors said Clinton 's doctors expect her to make a full recovery
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Former U.S. President Clinton has been tapped as a United Nations special envoy to Haiti , a senior U.N. official said Monday . Former President Clinton has been chosen to serve as a United Nations special envoy to Haiti . An official announcement will be made Tuesday , the official said . The two-term president has traveled to Haiti on several occasions , most recently in March with his wife , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon . At the time , the Clintons voiced optimism at Haiti 's potential because of political stability and economic growth after decades of chaos . The Caribbean country is the poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere .	Official announcement is coming Tuesday Clinton visited nation in March with his wife and U.N. chief It is the poorest country in the Western hemisphere
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon has "  put a proposal on the table " for U.S. military forces to train and equip moderate Syrian opposition forces for the first time , two Obama administration officials told CNN . If approved , it would dramatically increase the role of the U.S. military in Syria 's civil war and would for the first time put American troops in direct contact with opposition forces . The idea has been under consideration since the August 21 chemical weapons attack outside Damascus , which the United States says was carried out by the regime of Bashar al-Assad . There are few specifics on troops or other aspects of the military proposal , but both officials said the effort envisions training taking place in a country near Syria . "  We have any number of options under development that could expand our support to the moderate opposition , but no decision has been taken at this point , " Joint Chiefs Chairman Martin Dempsey said when asked by reporters on Wednesday about the proposal . U.N. chemical weapons inspectors to return to Syria Until now , any training and equipping of Syrian opposition forces has fallen under the purview of the CIA and has not directly been acknowledged by the United States government . The Obama administration has acknowledged providing logistical , humanitarian and some military assistance to rebels fighting al-Assad 's forces in a civil war now in its third year . The training proposal was first floated in the days after the August attack as a means to step up U.S. support for the opposition . The proposal envisions U.S. troops training certain rebels on small arms , command and control and military tactics , according to one of the officials . Weapons however would not be directly supplied by the United States because legal authority does not exist for the Pentagon to arm the rebels . Is the U.S. back to square one on Syria ? President Barack Obama , who blames al-Assad 's regime for the attack and threatened a limited military strike as punishment , has vowed not to put "  boots on the ground " inside Syria . The training idea , however , has run into trouble in recent days as the United States has focused on diplomatic efforts to turn Syria 's chemical weapons over to international control , sidelining at least for now Obama 's push for congressional support to take military action . Both administration officials said the timing might be too sensitive now to engage in such an initiative . Dempsey initially hinted at the plan during a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing earlier this month . "  The path to the resolution of the Syrian conflict is through a developed capable moderate opposition , and we know how to do that , " he said . Dempsey noted the focus on dealing with chemical weapons . "  I think that subsequent to that , we would probably return to have a discussion about what we might do with the moderate opposition in a more overt way , " he said . Both administration officials declined to be identified due to the sensitive nature of the information .	Plan envisions U.S. forces training and equipping only certain members of the Syrian opposition The idea surfaced after August 21 chemical weapons attack in Syria the U.S. blames on regime No specifics on troops or other aspects , but officials envision any training taking place near Syria Though , plan has run into trouble as emphasis shifts from military response to diplomatic effort
CNN  -- Arriving for our interview in Berlin this week , Wolfgang Schaeuble seemed eager to be back on the campaign trail . Fresh from his summer break on the North Sea island of Sylt , the German finance minister effortlessly slipped back into what has now become a familiar routine : fielding questions about the eurozone When asked if he foresaw any more bailouts , Schaeuble said "  No , no I do n't see , the problems are not solved but we are in a much better shape than we used to be some years ago . " He pointed to the falling costs of sovereign debt and lower budget deficits across the common currency bloc and ruled out any more haircuts on outstanding government debt . With Germany heading towards elections on September 22 , Chancellor Angela Merkel is enjoying unprecedented popularity . Her approval rating is 63 % -- more than double that of her nearest rival , former finance minister and now SPD leader Peer Steinbrueck . The chances of a non-Merkel win may be slim . Read more : Full coverage of euro crisis However , as per Germany 's political tradition , whoever emerges victorious will have to form a coalition with one of the other parties , thus clouding the policy outlook for those on the outside looking in . "  I hope we will win , " Schaeuble told me , then adding : "  We have to fight -LSB- but -RSB- I think the general mood is in favor of us . " Germany 's government is in a curious position of having to serve two constituencies : one it 's elected for and another over which it has no formal mandate but a lot of financial sway . As the dominant economy in Europe , Germany has been pivotal in helping to fund and direct troubled member states but its leader has to balance that with her nation 's reluctance to be viewed as the rich relative . Read more : Recession over but do n't celebrate yet In this Schaeuble is steadfast : "  If Chancellor Merkel -LSB- is -RSB- re-elected I am confident that we will continue to work for a stronger Europe -- that 's our general position , " he said . "  We do n't want a German Europe but we want a strong Europe and that means every member state including Germany has to increase its competitiveness . " That , he said was about each country doing its duty and ensuring it did "  not to ask for more money by others -- that 's the wrong way to get a strong Europe , that 's the wrong incentive . " Since Greece was granted its first bailout in 2010 troubled eurozone countries have been granted around 440 billion euros in financial assistance . The cash has been funnelled through the International Monetary Fund , the European Central Bank and the European Union in exchange for promises to rein in spending and debt . Germany , which has the deepest pockets , is on the hook for the lion 's share of the support -- and as election fever sets in , so has bailout fatigue . Watch more : Sorrell : Why we need strong leadership Schaeuble reopened old wounds this month by saying Greece would need a third aid program , though when asked by CNN he would n't be drawn on the size of the offer , saying it was too early to speculate . However , Greece 's Finance Minister Yannis Stournaras said the country could be looking for an extra 10 billion euros in aid . It 's a figure close to the 11 billion euro shortfall already identified by the IMF , whose 3-year program is set to end next year . As part of a multi-pronged approach to contain the eurozone 's existential crisis , leaders have tried to shore up its financial sector by creating a banking union as well as a contingency fund for countries in distress . Read more : Greece may need another 10 billion euros When combined with the ECB 's commitment to "  do what it takes " to protect confidence in the single currency , such actions may have averted the worst for now . But Schaeuble is under no illusions that without coordinated budgets for the country 's using the single currency , the euro will always be vulnerable . I asked him if the move toward closer fiscal cooperation has left the eurozone more politically divided than it has been in its recent history . Schaeuble told me problems arose if there not a solid fiscal framework , saying the bloc has "  made a lot of progress . . to get better conditions , better rules for common fiscal policy . " One thing Schaeuble can not deny is the benefits to the country 's legendary export machine from the weaker currency . Thanks to its flailing adherents , the euro has been less strong than a deutsche mark would have been . However , Schaeuble also pointed to the lower interest rates enjoyed by the countries in Southern Europe . Read more : Tiny nation bucking eurozone 's problems Schaeuble 's euro-speak is as fluent and comes from one who has both experience and economic clout . Yet up until now it 's a language that has n't dominated Germany 's campaign literature , which has instead been focused on issues like creating jobs , wages and the housing market . Of course the great irony is that while Germany may be looking inwards this election , the world is keeping its eyes peeled for its next move . Just ask Germany 's neighbors . They have relied on her in times of crisis , and they will also look to her for the path to recovery .	CNN 's Nina dos Santos sat down for a rare interview with German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble She asked him if he foresaw any more bailouts , and he said "  I do n't see " any Schaeuble said the "  problems are not solved but we are in a much better shape than we used to be some years ago "
CNN  -- Iraqi security forces on Thursday thwarted an attack by an al Qaeda splinter group on a military base in central Iraq , killing 40 gunmen , Iraq 's Interior Ministry said . One Iraqi army officer was killed in the attack by members of the group calling itself the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , according to the ministry . The attack happened at a base in Yusufiya , about 40 kilometers  25 miles  south of the country 's capital , Baghdad . Also Thursday , a car bomb exploded outside a restaurant in northern Iraq , killing at least four people and injuring 13 others , police officials in Tikrit and Kirkuk said . The restaurant was in Tuz Khurmatou , about 200 kilometers north of Baghdad . Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months , often pitting Sunnis -- a minority in Iraq -- against Shiite Muslims , who came to dominate the government after Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was overthrown in 2003 . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with almost 8,000 people killed . In March alone , terrorist attacks and other violence killed 592 people and injured 1,234 others in Iraq , excluding Anbar province , according to the United Nations The United Nations in March kept separate , civilian-only figures for Anbar , which has seen intense fighting between Sunni extremists and Iraqi security forces since the beginning of this year . More than 480 civilians , including 133 civilian police officers , were killed , and 1,104 civilians were injured last month in Anbar , the United Nations said . In February , more than 700 people were killed and nearly 1,400 others were wounded in Iraq , according to the United Nations .	Iraq : Al Qaeda splinter group attacked military base south of Baghdad 40 attackers , one Iraqi army officer were killed , Iraq 's Interior Ministry says Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months
CNN  Whoever wins the general election on May 7 will face international challenges reaching to the heart of a question that has bedevilled every London government since 1945 : what is , or should be , Britain 's role in the world ? As one of World War II 's victor countries , Britain helped shape the post-war international architecture . Notably , it gained a permanent seat , plus veto power , in the U.N. Security Council , which it retains to this day . But these battlefield laurels disguised fundamental weakness . The two world wars severely depleted Britain 's human and material resources . The heyday of the world 's largest-ever empire and of London and Liverpool 's control of a vast maritime trading network had passed . As the Cold War took global grip , the United States purposefully pushed Britain aside . The U.S. took over its military bases , its spheres of influence , and its markets . Conscious of its decline , London clung , slightly pathetically , to what it termed its "  special relationship " with Washington . Maintaining this key U.S. relationship is the most important foreign policy challenge facing Britain 's prime minister after May 7 . Whether that person is the Conservative party 's David Cameron or the opposition Labour party 's Ed Miliband makes no difference . Barack Obama 's arrival in the White House now looks like a watershed for bilateral relations . Unlike many of his post-war predecessors , Obama was no Anglophile . Indeed , his grandfather 's unhappy experience in colonial-era Kenya gave him reason to dislike the English . Obama the dispassionate analyst also found scant objective reason to prioritize the British alliance or Europe generally . Looking at the EU , he saw one dominant , friendly power -- and its capital was Berlin , not London . Looking the other way , to Asia , Obama saw opportunities and threats of far greater moment , centered on rising powers such as China and India -- hence his subsequent "  tilt " to Asia . Britain 's principal value to the U.S. lies with its defense capabilities . It proved a loyal if not especially effective ally in Afghanistan and Iraq . Although capacity has steadily declined in the past 30 years , Britain was seventh in the world in 2013 in terms of military spending and remains a dependable U.S. deputy within NATO . But the pre-election consensus is that the next British government will be obliged to slash defense spending again , probably below the 2 % of GDP threshold to which NATO members are pledged to maintain . Big cuts in army and air force numbers are in prospect . Maintaining even one modern aircraft carrier has become a real struggle . It is likely , on these trends , that Britain would be unable to contribute separately to any new international campaign , but would be obliged to place its troops under U.S. command , as General Raymond Odierno , U.S. army chief of staff , recently suggested . America 's top politicians , soldiers and diplomats , such as U.N. ambassador Samantha Power , are applying increasing pressure on Britain over defense expenditure , but with little joy so far . In time , this impasse could lead to a permanent rift . Worse still , in the U.S. view , is the possibility that a Labour-led government , potentially beholden to the unilateral nuclear disarmers of the Scottish National party , could slacken its commitment to Trident , the UK 's nuclear missile submarine fleet . The SNP says the country can no longer afford a nuclear deterrent , morally or financially . Washington 's worries about Britain 's role have been exacerbated by the lack of fight , as some see it , displayed by London when faced with the prospect of Scottish independence and the inevitable break-up of the United Kingdom . Similar concerns apply to Britain 's EU membership , which Cameron has placed in doubt by promising a national referendum by 2017 . The U.S. greatly values Britain as an informal , surrogate voice within the EU . But Washington 's interests aside , the EU is Britain 's biggest trading partner and a natural ally in terms of democratic values , and legal , social and cultural norms . An exit from the EU would satisfy minority hardline nationalists in the UK Independence party . But it would seriously undermine Britain 's standing in the world , in relation to Europe and to the emerging Brics powers . All this matters more than ever because , amid the developing disorder of the post-Cold War world , old certainties are being uprooted and new or revived threats are multiplying . The aggressive behavior of Vladimir Putin 's Russia is one obvious example . Another is the rise of international terrorism , most recently in the form of ISIS , also known as the Islamic State . Another is China 's hegemonic ambitions in the East China and South China seas , at the expense of neighbors such as Japan , the Philippines and Vietnam . On these issues , it seems that Britain , by design or not , has little concrete to contribute . London allowed Germany and France to take the lead on Ukraine diplomacy . Embarrassed by public criticism , Cameron belatedly sent a few army advisers to help train Kiev 's forces . Similarly , London 's military contribution to the fight against ISIS has been minimal , and confined to Iraq . Members of Parliament recently expressed strong dismay that Britain was doing so little . And as for Japan , ostensibly an important British ally , recent defense cooperation agreements do not disguise the likely infeasibility of sharp-end assistance . Indeed , as some see it , there is far too much British kow-towing to China . Disturbed by this evidence of decline , Britain 's political class comforts itself by arguing the country still leads by example . It still maintains a generous overseas aid budget , it mounts successful humanitarian missions such as in Sierra Leone during the Ebola outbreak , it remains a top five world economic power , and sometimes  though not always  it uses its U.N. and other platforms to stand up for democratic values and human rights . All this is true . But it is small consolation for a country that , 100 years ago , was a superpower with truly global reach . In the election campaign , foreign policy and the key 21st century international issues , such as climate change , have barely got a mention so far . This is not an accident . Britain 's horizons are narrowing . Its strength and global ambitions are fading . Its post-imperial destiny is that of a second-tier power . The trick is not to appear second rate .	Whoever wins May 7 election must answer this question , says Simon Tisdall : What is , or should be , Britain 's role in the world ? Tisdall : Maintaining U.S. relationship is most important foreign policy challenge facing Britain 's PM after May 7 But foreign policy and key 21st century issues , such as climate change , have barely been mentioned , he writes
Washington  CNN  -- Two people without invitations crashed President Obama 's first White House state dinner , the U.S. Secret Service said Wednesday . The Secret Service confirmed a Washington Post report that the couple who crashed Tuesday night 's dinner were Tareq and Michaele Salahi . The Post described the couple as polo-playing socialites from northern Virginia . A Secret Service checkpoint "  did not follow proper procedures " to determine if the two were on the guest list for the dinner , said Edwin M. Donovan , a Secret Service special agent , in a statement . Playing down any security threat , Donovan 's statement said : "  It is important to note that these individuals went through magnetometers and other levels of security , as did all guests attending the dinner . " The incident represents a security breach for the White House at the Obama administration 's biggest social event to date . More than 300 guests , including Cabinet members , diplomats and Hollywood celebrities , attended the dinner in honor of visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . "  The Secret Service has tasked our Office of Professional Responsibility with conducting a comprehensive review of the incident , " Donovan 's statement said . Video footage of the dinner showed the couple walking past journalists into the event . On Wednesday , Michaele Salahi 's Facebook page included photos of the couple at the dinner , including two pictures with Vice President Joe Biden and another with Rahm Emanuel , the White House chief of staff , who was identified on the page as "  Ron " Emanuel . The couple 's names did not appear on the guest list distributed Tuesday by the White House . In an e-mail to CNN , Mahogany Jones , who identified herself as a publicist for the Salahis , said the couple had "  full clearance to attend the state dinner . " Fran Townsend , a homeland security adviser to former President George W. Bush , said the incident likely involved a breakdown at the "  perimeter " security for the event , which is the first checkpoint that guests encounter . Lying to the Secret Service could bring a felony charge , Townsend said .	Secret Service : Tareq and Michaele Salahi attended state dinner without invitations Michaele Salahi 's Facebook page shows pictures of couple with vice president Couple are polo-playing socialites from northern Virginia , Washington Post reports
CNN  -- Christian groups in the Philippines planned to protest Lady Gaga 's performances there Monday and Tuesday , just after Muslim protests have cast doubt whether she will be allowed to perform in Indonesia . "  This protest is not against Lady Gaga as a person but on her music and on how she declares distorted views about the Lord Jesus Christ , " said Reuben Abante , bishop of Lighthouse Bible Baptist Church and secretary-general of Biblemode Youth , which is leading the protests . Reached by phone , Abante said he expected a couple thousand protesters outside the Manila venue , Mall of Asia Arena , Monday night for a grand prayer rally before the concert . "  We are Christian Filipinos . She comes to our land . For us , this is something that should not be shown to the youth we have . " His brother , the group 's president , is former Congressman Benny Abante , himself a pastor . Of particular offense to the group is the pop star 's song , "  Judas , " with lyrics like , "  Whoa whoa I 'm in love with Juda-as , Jud-as , " "  Jesus is my virtue and Judas is the demon I cling to I cling to . " Lady Gaga 's Filipino promoter , Ovation Productions , is run by Renen de Guia , who is described on the company 's website as a born-again Christian . Attempts to reach him were not successful . When asked if Lady Gaga 's concerts could contravene Philippine laws , Loretta Ann P. Rosales , chairwoman of the Commission on Human Rights , replied in an email , "  The Philippines is proud of the fact that we do indeed have one of the best Bill of Rights in our Constitution that has the widest latitude as all other Constitutional democracies in protecting freedom of thought , freedom of expression , freedom of religion . " "  I have heard raves over her concert by Filipinos who have watched her , " she added . "  Maybe I shall have a chance to enjoy her concert too one day . " It is not the first time Rosales and Abante have faced off ; in 2006 , while both were in Congress , Abante had blocked passage of an anti-discrimination bill co-authored by Rosales aimed at protecting lesbians , gays , bisexuals and transgenders . For Lady Gaga , the protests in the Philippines are the latest in her problematic Asian tour . Her provocative lyrics and risquÃ © costumes have prompted conservative Muslims in Indonesia to call for the cancellation of her upcoming concert in Jakarta . As of Monday , her Indonesian promoter , Big Daddy Entertainment , was still trying to secure a permit , and the June 3 event was still on , according to its website . Read more about the Muslim protests against Lady Gaga When she opened her tour in Seoul , South Korea , last month , it was to concertgoers aged 18 and above after the Korea Media Rating Board banned the show for minors , even with an accompanying parent or guardian . At the heart of Lady Gaga 's "  Born This Way " tour is her message to gay youth to embrace and accept their sexual identities .	NEW : Commission on Human Rights says freedom of thought , expression , religion protected Christian group 's leader expects two thousand protesters outside Manila venue Lady Gaga 's Filipino promoter is run by a born-again Christian In Indonesia , her promoter is still trying to secure a permit
CNN  -- A Tennessee man was executed Wednesday for the death of a couple in 1985 , authorities said . Steve Henley , 55 , was executed by lethal injection at 1:33 a.m. ET . Henley was sentenced to death for the slayings of Fred and Edna Stafford . Authorities said Henley shot the couple and later set their farmhouse on fire . An autopsy found that Edna Stafford was still alive when the fire was set , according to authorities . Henley had maintained his innocence , blaming the couple 's deaths on co-defendant Terry Flatt . Flatt testified that Henley was drunk , high on drugs and angry over a debt he believed the Staffords owed his grandparents . Flatt served five years in prison before completing his parole last year . The U.S. Supreme Court denied Henley 's appeal late Tuesday . Tennessee last performed its execution in September 2007 . In February 2007 , the state put executions on hold when Gov. Phil Bredesen ordered a review of how Tennessee administered the death penalty . The moratorium was lifted in May 2007 after the state 's death-penalty protocols were revised .	Steve Henley dies by lethal injection early Wednesday for 1985 death of couple Henley was convicted of shooting Fred and Edna Stafford , setting farmhouse on fire Tennessee had not executed anyone since September 2007
CNN  -- One congressman says it 's "  shocking " how the Obama administration is now using the Patriot Act . But a senator says the secret court order for American phone records is "  lawful . " The Patriot Act , the landmark law born out of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , is at the center of an emerging controversy Thursday over how the Obama administration obtained a secret court order for phone records from the Verizon Business Network Service from April to July this year . The administration is accused of making a secret interpretation and going too far in that interpretation of the anti-terrorism law , specifically a portion called Section 215 . Experts wonder whether the revelation of the secret order will prompt a public outcry and Congressional hearings . And a digital civil liberties lawyer argues the government can no longer claim state secrecy privileges in federal lawsuits seeking to shut down domestic surveillance programs . Even before this week 's Verizon controversy , privacy advocates had long criticized Section 215 as vastly expanding the FBI 's power to spy on Americans . The USA Patriot Act  pdf The Verizon case apparently marks a difference between Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush in obtaining phone records , according to Tyler Newby , a former federal computer crime prosecutor under both administrations . The Bush administration also collected phone logs -- the same sort of "  metadata " that the Obama administration is gathering from Verizon -- and even conducted wiretaps , but it did so without getting a court order . Now the Obama administration is invoking the Patriot Act 's Section 215 -- as well as the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act -- as the basis for a secret court order demanding Verizon records that show originating and terminating phone numbers , their location , time and duration . The FISA court 's proceedings , held in Washington , are secret . "  It 's pretty broad authority that Section 215 gives the FBI , " said Newby , who worked in the U.S. Justice Department between 2007 and early 2011 . "  It 's important to note that this order does not permit the collection of the content of communications , so it 's not a wiretap , " said Newby , who now works for a Silicon Valley-based law firm that represents Facebook , Google and other companies . "  That 's important because if you 're collecting content , then there is a privacy interest of individuals , " Newby said Thursday . "  With these business records -- what the government is calling telephony metadata -- there is not the same expectation of privacy . "  Presumably this is going into a large and sophisticated data-mining database , looking for patterns and call activities " relating to terrorism , Newby added . One legal scholar wonders if the Verizon case will provoke a groundswell of outrage . "  Now they have taken the calls of every single citizen from Verizon , " said Jonathan Turley , a law professor at George Washington University . "  At what point do citizens stand up and say this is the tipping point ? We 're getting toward authoritarian power . "  The problem is , every administration , every politician will say we 're getting something from this , " Turley said . "  You can make that argument to remove all civil liberties . " The revelation of the court order could help plaintiffs and their attorneys such as the Electronic Frontier Foundation in their federal lawsuits seeking to shut down government domestic surveillance programs . With the revelation of the surveillance of Verizon , the government can no longer argue state secrecy privileges in those lawsuits , said Mark Rumold , staff attorney at the foundation , a digital civil liberties organization . "  The cat is out of the bag now , or they will have a difficult time convincing a judge that this information is still secret , " Rumold said . About the secret court order against Verizon , Rumold said : "  I do n't know of any single other publicly disclosed order in the history of the United States that could have had the far-reaching effect that this one has . We 're probably talking about millions of people . "  There 's no question in my mind that this type of order is illegal , " Rumold said , adding that Congress ought to hold hearings on the Verizon case . The secret court order also is drawing strong criticism from within Obama 's Democratic Party . Former Vice President Al Gore wrote on Twitter : "  Is it just me , or is secret blanket surveillance obscenely outrageous ? " Added Sen. Mark Udall , D-Colorado , who serves on the Senate Intelligence Committee : "  While I can not corroborate the details of this particular report , this sort of wide-scale surveillance should concern all of us and is the kind of government overreach I 've said Americans would find shocking . " Udall and Sen. Ron Wyden , D-Oregon , who also serves on the Intelligence Committee , accused Attorney General Eric Holder in a letter last year of making "  secret interpretations of public laws . " "  We believe most Americans would be stunned to learn the details of how these secret court opinions have interpreted section 215 of the Patriot Act , " which deals with "  business records , " they wrote . But Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , described the FISA court order as "  the exact three-month renewal of what has been the case for the past seven years . " "  This renewal is carried out by the FISA court under the business records section of the Patriot Act . Therefore it is lawful . It has been briefed to Congress , " Feinstein said . "  Terrorists will come after us if they can , and the only thing that we have to deter this is good intelligence to understand that a plot has been hatched and to get there before they get to us . " Many analysts cited how federal surveillance of phone records could prove useful . "  Think of the Boston Marathon bombings , " said Fran Townsend , a CNN contributor and former Homeland Security adviser to President George W. Bush . Phone records could have proved valuable in tracking the suspects in that terror attack , Townsend said . "  What numbers were they calling ? Who were their associates ? You may find witnesses , " Townsend said . Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , the Intelligence Committee 's ranking Republican , said the surveillance is nothing new . The gathering of phone records "  has proved meritorious because we have gathered significant information on bad guys and only on bad guys over the years , " he said .	NEW : "  At what point do citizens stand up and say this is the tipping point ? " professor asks NEW : There 's been no "  single other publicly disclosed order " with such far-reaching effects The Obama administration is accused of going too far in using the Patriot Act Section 215 in the law gives FBI "  pretty broad authority , " former U.S. prosecutor says
Ars Technica  -- With the planned settlement between Google and book publishers still on indefinite hold , a legal battle by proxy has started . Google partnered with many libraries at US universities in order to gain access to the works it wants to digitize . Now , several groups that represent book authors have filed suit against those universities , attempting to block both digital lending and an orphaned works project . The suit is being brought by the Authors ' Guild , its equivalents in Australia , Quebec , and the UK , and a large group of individual authors . Its target : some major US universities , including Michigan , the University of California system , and Cornell . These libraries partnered with Google to get their book digitization efforts off the ground and , in return , Google has provided them with digital copies of the works . These and many other universities have also become involved with the HathiTrust , an organization set up to help them archive and distribute digital works ; the HathiTrust is also named as a defendant . The suit seeks to block two separate efforts . In the first , the universities have created a pooled digital archive of the contents of their libraries , maintained by the Hathitrust . No one contests that these works remain in copyright , or that the universities have rights to the nondigital forms of these works . What the authors object to is the fact that the digital works are derived from an unauthorized scan , and will be stored in a single archive that is no longer under the control of the university from which the scan was derived . The suit suggests that the security of this archive is also suspect , and may allow the mass release of copyrighted work . A separate issue in the suit is an orphaned works project started by the Hathitrust that focuses on some of the works within this archive . The group is attempting to identify out-of-copyright books , and those where the ownership of copyright can not be established . If attempts to locate and contact any copyright holders fail , and the work is no longer commercially available , the Hathitrust will start providing digital copies to students without restrictions . This has not gone over well . The executive director of the Australian Society of Authors , Angelo Loukakis , stated , "  This group of American universities has no authority to decide whether , when or how authors forfeit their copyright protection . These are n't orphaned books , they 're abducted books . " The authors ' coalition would like to see everything grind to a halt -- Google and the libraries kept from any further scanning , the HathiTrust 's orphaned works project shuttered , and the digital copies on its servers impounded . The digital works would n't be deleted , but it wants to see "  any computer system storing the digital copies powered down and disconnected from any network , pending an appropriate act of Congress . "  Note that they want them shut down and unplugged , just to be sure . The Authors Guild was actually a party to the Google book settlement , so it 's not like it objects to the effort per se . However , the university libraries had not been a party to it , so this may be the Guild 's attempt to tie up loose ends when it comes to nailing down digital rights . Alternately , they may simply be sending a message that , until the settlement is approved , none of Google 's efforts should be reaching even a limited segment of the public . In either case , this suit could go a long way towards establishing how many digital rights are granted with the ownership of a book . More on Law & Disorder from Ars Technica COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	University libraries partnered with Google to get their book digitization efforts off the ground Authors object to unauthorized scan and storage of works in a single archive "  These are n't orphaned books , they 're abducted books , " executive director says
CNN  -- Gunmen launched grenades and used machetes against Muslims being evacuated in a truck convoy in Central African Republic , killing at least three children and 19 adults , a humanitarian group said Saturday . At least 23 more people , including children , were injured in Friday 's attack and were being treated in a hospital in Bouar , in the northwestern part of the country , said Michael McCusker with Save the Children in Bangui , the nation 's capital . The African country has been wracked with such serious religious and ethnic violence , including between Muslims and Christians , that the United Nations has said it fears a genocide could be brewing , and aid groups warn of a humanitarian crisis . The convoy was carrying mostly Muslim families from the village of Vakap when a grenade was launched into the trucks , said officials with Save the Children , a U.K.-based aid group . Attackers hacked many victims with machetes , the group said . Nearly a million flee violence The mostly Muslim families in the convoy were being evacuated from violence and were ultimately destined for refuge in neighboring Cameroon . "  It is a sign of the still fraught and highly dangerous situation in the Central African Republic that children and their families have been attacked and killed while trying to evacuate to safety , " said Robert Lankenau , the group 's director in the country . The Bouar hospital treats both Christians and Muslims , the group said . Security has deteriorated since the country 's interim leaders , President Michel Djotodia and Prime Minister Nicolas Tiangaye , announced their resignation at a regional summit in Chad this month . Chaos struck the Central African Republic last year after a coalition of rebels dubbed Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize , the latest in a series of coups since its independence . Rebels infiltrated the capital in March , sending Bozize fleeing to Cameroon . Djotodia , one of the Seleka leaders , then became interim president in a coup . Since then , political turmoil and violence has spread . Seleka is a predominantly Muslim coalition . To counter the attacks on their communities , Christians assembled vigilante groups and fought back . The violence prompted U.N. fears about a genocide brewing . Children beheaded as violence grows At least 1,000 people have died in the violence , and some 958,000 more people , many of them children , have been forced from their homes within the Central African Republic , according to the United Nations ' refugee agency , UNHCR . There are also more than 86,000 refugees in Cameroon , Chad , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo who fled the Central African Republic in 2013 , the UNHCR said Friday . Some 100,000 people have gathered at a makeshift camp by the international airport in Bangui , seeking refuge from the violence . French troops have deployed under a U.N. mandate to assist African peacekeepers . Sick and desperate , migrants wait for airlift home	"  It is a sign of the still fraught and highly dangerous situation , " aid leader says Attackers strike a convoy carrying Muslims , Save the Children group says The African country is wracked by violence between Christians and Muslims At least 23 more people are injured and being treated at a hospital the group supports
CNN  -- During a 1996 interview with television talk show host Charlie Rose , Apple co-founder Steve Jobs took exception to Rose 's characterization of him as "  a guy who founds high-tech companies and tries to make another billion . " "  Yeah , well , I do n't think of myself that way , " Jobs said . "  The things that I have done in my life , I think the things we do now at Pixar -LSB- the animation company he bought in 1986 -RSB- , these are team sports . They are not something one person does . " If pop culture were a team sport , Jobs would have certainly played quarterback . From the invention of iTunes , which completely changed the business of music , to offering the world its first completely full-length computer-generated animated film with Pixar 's "  Toy Story " in 1995 , Jobs left his indelible fingerprints on the entertainment industry . The other "  toys " he helped create like the iPod , iPhone and iPad not only changed the way the world consumed media , but also inserted both Jobs and Apple firmly into the entertainment zeitgeist . Even the commercials , from the 1984 , George Orwell-inspired Super Bowl Macintosh ad to the more recent "  Are you a Mac or a PC , " were uber-cool . While Jobs has been more well known and hailed for his innovation with high-tech , he also made some power moves which forever changed Hollywood . And in what sounds like a fantasy dreamed up by the geek gods , it all began with George Lucas . As Jobs explained to the news program "  60 Minutes " in 2003 , when Lucas was creating "  Star Wars " he reasoned that digital copy of his film would be clearer and cleaner than analog . The computer graphics division of his Lucasfilm company , which honed the technology behind the process , would go on to become Pixar Animation Studios after Jobs bought it for $ 10 million in 1986 . As chairman and chief executive officer of Pixar , Jobs led the way in marrying the endless possibilities of technology with the glitz and glamour of the entertainment industry . The world had n't even heard of computer-generated imagery  CGI  in 1991 when Pixar struck a deal with Walt Disney Studios to develop and distribute three full-length animated films . The first of these , "  Toy Story , " captured audience 's hearts with its tale of the adventures of a group of children 's toys . "  Toy Story " went on to become the top-earning film of that year , grossing $ 192 million in domestic box office receipts and $ 362 million worldwide . It spurred two sequels , theme park attractions and an extensive line of merchandise . It was followed by films like "  A Bug 's Life , " "  Monster 's Inc. , " "  Finding Nemo , " and "  The Incredibles , " the last two of which won Academy Awards for best animated feature . Jobs sold Pixar to Disney in 2006 . By then he was firmly back in the driver 's seat as the chief executive officer of Apple , which was setting the world afire with its inventions . One of his biggest launches was in 2003 with the iTunes Music Store , which revolutionized the world of music downloads . "  Other companies sold digital music before Apple , " said Bill Werde , editorial director of Billboard , said in a statement . "  Other companies made digital music available on computers and digital phones and used it in commercials . Apple 's brilliance -- and I do n't think anyone doubts that this was Steve Jobs ' brilliance -- was that Apple made it exciting and simple and effortless and fun . " Jobs was a major influence on portable media , which paved the way for gamers to be able to engage in their favorite past time via handheld devices and film fans to be able to stream movies almost anywhere . The introduction of the 99-cent single meant music lovers no longer had to purchase an entire album to selectively enjoy their favorite tunes . The ability of the iPod , and later the iPhone and iPad , to hold thousands of songs also meant that fans never had to be far from their tunes . "  Thanks for allowing me to put my whole CD collection in my pocket , " Sebastian Bach , ex-frontman of the heavy metal band Skid Row tweeted after news of Jobs ' death was made public . "  You have made air travel a lot more fun among other things . " Innovation was not without some growing pains , however . Some industry insiders worried that digital downloads were negatively affecting sales of music and the issue of piracy became a hot one . On Tuesday , Miramax chief executive officer Mike Lang in his keynote address at MIPCOM , a TV and entertainment event held in Cannes , France , pointed to digital monopolies like the one Apple has as potentially damaging to the industry . "  Apple is the strongest company in the music industry because there was not enough competition , and still to this day there is not enough competition , " Lang said . "  As an industry it ca n't then influence packaging , merchandising -- all the things that are vital . " Billboard 's Werde also noted that "  Today , the music business has a complex relationship with Apple , which has become yet another entity that built an enormous business atop the rights of music companies , much like radio and MTV before it . " "  But I think you 'd be hard-pressed to find one music executive worth his or her salt who would n't agree that Jobs ' vision and tenacity blazed a trail for digital music as we know it today , " Werde said . "  Without a doubt , when you think of the Mount Rushmore of the music business -- pioneers like Ahmet Ertegun and Jerry Wexler , Clive Davis and Jimmy Iovine - Steve Jobs has earned his prominent place . "	Steve Jobs pioneered inventions that changed the way the world consumed media Pixar made the first fully computer-generated animated film Billboard editor says Jobs brillance made buying music easy and fun
CNN  -- Last week the U.N. 's senior official for extrajudicial executions , Philip Alston , argued in a critical report and remarks delivered in Geneva , Switzerland , that the United States should explain the legal rationale for the CIA 's campaign of drone strikes in northwest Pakistan , which he characterized as "  a vaguely defined license to kill " that has created "  a major accountability vacuum . " Alston is also urging the Obama administration to disclose the number of civilians killed in the drone strikes . That is a controversial matter among the Pakistani public , less than a tenth of whom support the strikes , because of their perceived high civilian death rate . The drones ' latest important victim is Mustafa Abu al-Yazid , an Egyptian founding member of al-Qaeda who served as the group 's number three and was in charge of overseeing the group 's plots , recruitment , fundraising and internal security . While Yazid 's death is doubtless a blow to the terrorist group , al-Qaeda seems to have a stash of number threes waiting in the wings . At least eight men who have held that slot since 2001 have since ended up in jail or dead . Yazid joins three other number threes who have met their fates at the wrong end of Hellfire missiles : Muhammad Atef , Hamza Rabia and Abu Laith al-Libi . Yazid was not the only casualty from the drone strike that killed him : Reports say his wife , three daughters and a grandchild also died in the May attack in the mountainous Pakistani tribal agency of North Waziristan , a reminder that militant leaders are not the only ones to be felled by drones . According to our count , the drones program in Pakistan has reportedly killed at least 976 people since 2004 , of whom approximately two-thirds were described as militants or suspected militants in reliable press accounts , indicating that a third of the victims were not militants . The Obama administration has already authorized 90 drone strikes in and around Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas  FATA  , double the number the Bush administration authorized in its two terms in office . The accuracy of the drone strikes has improved even as the pace of the program has increased over the past two years . In 2008 , the first year the drones program picked up speed in Pakistan , an average of only 43 percent of the fatalities from the strikes were reported to be militants or suspected militants . In 2009 , that figure shot up to 62 percent , and so far in 2010 it stands at 87 percent , suggesting that the nonmilitant death rate from drone strikes has dropped to around 10 percent this year , according to our database . Overall , since Barack Obama took office , his administration 's drone strikes in Pakistan have killed an average of 71 percent militants , compared with the Bush administration 's 55 percent , according to reliable media accounts . The Obama administration drone strikes also seem to be having more success eliminating militant leaders , as at least 13 have been confirmed killed in drone attacks since Obama was inaugurated in January 2009 , compared with 16 during the Bush administration 's five years of authorizing drone strikes in Pakistan . This increase in accuracy targeting both high-level and lower-level al-Qaeda and Taliban members appears to stem from the CIA 's use of smaller missiles and increased cooperation with the United States ' Pakistani counterparts who , despite public protests about violations of their national sovereignty by the drone strikes , have quietly been sharing vital intelligence . An unnamed U.S. official commented , "  You need guys on the ground to tell you who they -LSB- the targets -RSB- are and that is n't coming from some white guy running around the FATA . " After 26 strikes in the Pakistani tribal region of South Waziristan during the first 10 months of 2009 , they halted after the start of Pakistan 's military ground operations there in mid-October 2009 , another indicator of U.S.-Pakistan cooperation about the drones program . As Pakistan gears up for operations in North Waziristan -- the last redoubt for a militant mélange that includes the Haqqani network , various factions of the Afghan and Pakistani Taliban and al-Qaeda -- the United States has fired more drone strikes than ever into this region : 37 of 2010 's 39 reported strikes have hit targets in North Waziristan . So far no drone strikes appear to have targeted Osama bin Laden , who occasionally releases audiotapes taunting the United States as he did a few weeks after the alleged botched Christmas Day attempt by an al Qaeda affiliate to blow up a Northwest Airlines passenger jet over Detroit , but who otherwise has vanished into the wilds of the Afghan-Pakistan border region . And al Qaeda 's number two official , Ayman al-Zawahiri , who was last targeted by a drone strike in January 2006 , has since then proven equally elusive . The criticism of the drone program by the United Nations official Philip Alston seems to have had little impact on the Obama administration , which is plowing ahead with drone strikes in Pakistan 's tribal regions on the grounds that they are "  effective , exact and essential . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors . The New America Foundation drones database is available here .	U.S. drone warfare claims life of al Qaeda 's number 3 leader , the 8th person to hold that position Co-authors say data shows drone strikes getting more accurate , killing fewer civilians They say Obama has stepped up drone war in northwest Pakistan U.N. official has asked U.S. to explain the legal rationale for the drone attacks
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A series of explosions in western Pakistan killed four people Sunday , including a young boy , authorities said . Fourteen others were wounded . A blast in Pakistan 's volatile Balochistan province left three members of the country 's security forces dead , and two more wounded , military and police officials said . The victims were part of a convoy escorting civilians through the Zain Koh area of Dera Bugti , said Ghulam Muhammad Baloch , a police official . Nine people were wounded when militants lobbed a hand grenade at a shop in the provincial capital of Quetta , speeding away from the blast . No deaths were reported in the attack , but one person was in critical condition , said Nazir Kurd , another police official . The attacks came just two days after an explosion outside the home of a former lawmaker in Quetta killed 13 people . Also Sunday , a 7-year-old boy died in a roadside bombing in Pakistan 's tribal Bajaur agency , said Islam Zeb , a government official . Three others were wounded in that attack . Journalists Wajahat S. Khan and Saboor Khattak contributed to this report .	NEW : A grenade attack wounds nine at a Quetta shop Three people are killed in Balochistan province , still reeling from Friday 's Quetta attack Another blast claims the life of a 7-year-old boy
CNN  -- It has appeared repeatedly on Venezuelan state television , government ads , and the even the president 's Twitter account . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has a new populist slogan . Chavez , who recently admitted he is battling cancer , is no longer using the slogan that defined his first decade in power : "  patria , socialismo o muerte "  motherland , socialism , or death  . He has now changed it for one that is markedly more optimistic . Since he returned from Cuba earlier this month after undergoing cancer treatment that included a surgery , Chavez has been using the slogan "  viviremos y venceremos " -- we will live and we will come out victorious . The 56-year-old socialist leader has also been noticeably more focused on topics that center on life rather than revolution and socialism . Earlier this week he attended Mass at a Caracas military academy and took Holy Communion while his supporters prayed for his health . Thursday morning , Chavez wrote on his twitter account , @chavezcandanga , "  Good morning , happy World ! Good morning , to Living ! I sing to you from my barracks . I play the trumpet and start my battle . We will live and we will come out victorious !!! " In a phone interview aired by the Venezuelan state channel VTV Wednesday , Chavez revealed to the audience that the tumor found in his pelvic area was "  the size of a baseball . " He also said that the second phase of his treatment includes "  an organ by organ evaluation " and that he may need radiation or chemotherapy later on . Chavez spent almost a month in Cuba for the initial phase of his cancer treatment , which included surgery . The opposition repeatedly called for Chavez to name a temporary head of government in his absence . Now that he 's back , Chavez says he 's under 24-hour medical supervision , but made it clear that he 's still calling the shots . "  I am in my barracks , but still commanding , " he said .	Hugo Chavez is using a new slogan that focuses on life He appears to have stopped using a slogan that referred to death He recently admitted he is battling cancer
My daughter graduated from Duplos to traditional LEGOs when she was 5 , around the time the iconic building blocks maker released its Friends line based on five female characters . My daughter was interested in science and art , but LEGO was interested in selling her pink beauty salons and cupcake bakeries . When we went LEGO shopping , she expressed frustration over the lack of female "  minifigures " in her favorite LEGOs , such as the blue - and black-packaged City set or the yellow-boxed Dino world . LEGO has expanded the Friends line by introducing activities such as biking , camping and playing sports . But now at 7 , my daughter is very much aware of the gender disparity in toy marketing . She sees it in the color-coded toy aisles , where male characters outnumber females , and she 's frustrated that she does not see more female characters in toys she likes . The Friends line encapsulates my problem with LEGO : the lack of female minifigures in the yellow , blue and black boxes and the lack of males in the Friends sets . It 's obvious from walking through a toy store that LEGO has focused its licensing and product development around boys . To capture the girl market , LEGO created the alternate , girl-only world of Heartlake City for Friends instead of incorporating more females into existing LEGO sets . LEGO says the line was one of its most successful to date , "  surpassing early projections to triple the number of girls building with LEGO bricks " in 2012 . But that still leaves the market wide open for children such as my daughter , who want more female "  minifigs " in gender-neutral packaging . Instead , LEGO clearly distinguishes which sets are aimed at boys or girls , and our children take in the colors on the packaging and placement on the shelves through a cultural lens . They get the message loud and clear . LEGO is the second-largest toy manufacturer in the world ; gender parity matters in a product that is consumed and loved by so many children . When kids play across gender lines Through my business and blog , I frequently discuss gender stereotypes in children 's products . A few weeks ago , a dad in New Zealand pointed out the LEGO CUUSOO competition site , which allows LEGO enthusiasts to submit product ideas on which the community may vote . The father asked me to use my social media following to promote a project called the "  Female Minifigure Set , " comprising 13 ideas for female minifigures engaged in astronomy , chemistry , geology , zoology , firefighting and law enforcement . I loved the project 's focus on women in science , technology , engineering and mathematics . These are examples I want for my daughter and son . If my daughter sees females in these roles , she is more likely to believe that she can fill these roles as an adult . If my son grows up with females occupying an equal amount of space in his toys , he is more likely to become an adult who respects women and sees them as equals . Teen says pink Easy-Bake oven discourages boys from playing kitchen Research shows that when women make up 25 % or more of a group , stereotypes begin to drop off , according to gender activist group SPARK Summit . About 16 % of LEGO minifigures are female , and this number includes the Friends line , according to SPARK Summit analysis . The project reached 10,000 votes on June 13 , thanks in large part to social media . LEGO said the project will advance to the review phase , where a LEGO review board will examine the idea . During the campaign to get 10,000 votes , I noticed how many times people commented they would buy these sets because their sons and daughters wanted them . I drafted a Change.org petition to aggregate these consumer voices and let LEGO executives know that if they make the Female Minifigure Set , we will buy it in droves . The petition asks LEGO 's decision-makers to consider the voices of more than 9,000 petition signers who say they would buy female LEGO Minifigs for our sons and daughters . While gender equality in toys is largely seen as a girl-power issue , dozens of comments on the petition indicate that parents understand it 's important for boys and girls to see female characters doing smart and daring things . I think LEGO is a wonderful toy with a few not wonderful parts . LEGO gives my son and daughter a chance to play side by side . And in the end , that is what I am after , a space that is equal for boys and girls .	Melissa Atkins Wardy launched a petition asking LEGO to make proposed Female Minifigure Set Female Minifigure Set includes 13 female characters in law enforcement , science roles Wardy says it 's good for girls and boys to see female figures in smart and daring roles
CNN  -- Red Cross President and CEO Mark W. Everson has stepped down after revelations he was "  engaged in a personal relationship with a subordinate employee , " the organization announced Tuesday . Mark W. Everson says he is leaving his post , effective immediately , for "  personal and family reasons . " The Red Cross Board of Governors asked for and received Everson 's resignation after it "  concluded that the situation reflected poor judgment on Mr. Everson 's part and diminished his ability to lead the organization in the future , " the Red Cross said in a statement on its Web site . Everson , 53 , said in a written statement that he was leaving the $ 500,000-per-year job "  for personal and family reasons , and deeply regret it is impossible for me to continue in a job so recently undertaken . " Everson -- who is married and has two children -- joined the Red Cross as president and CEO last May . The organization became aware of Everson 's relationship with a female Red Cross employee 10 days ago , Chief Public Affairs Officer Suzy C. DeFrancis told CNN in a telephone interview . "  I think the board acted very quickly , " she said , adding that the woman remains in her job . About Everson , DeFrancis said , "  We 're grateful for his service . " The board of governors on Tuesday appointed Mary S. Elcano , general counsel and five-year Red Cross employee , as interim president and CEO . Everson had worked in the Bush administration from August 2001 -- including serving as commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service -- until he was hired by the Red Cross . "  This is flabbergasting , that 's all I can say . It 's completely contrary to his public persona that he evidenced while he was at the IRS , " said Suzanne Ross McDowell , a Washington-based attorney who served on an advisory committee to the IRS division that deals with tax-exempt organizations . "  From the standpoint of exempt organizations on the non-profit sector , it 's just another news story that we would rather not see , " she said . "  It 's got nothing to do with the Red Cross , " said Ira Milstein , a New York lawyer specializing in corporate governance who has worked with the organization and was impressed with Everson . "  He was a team player and a good leader . To have him fall off a cliff like this is just sad . " A search committee has been formed to begin the process of finding Everson 's permanent replacement , the organization said . The job has been a challenging one . Marsha J. Evans resigned as president in 2005 , after the Red Cross response to Hurricane Katrina came under fire . Four years earlier , Bernadine Healy quit the post after the organization was criticized for mishandling donations intended for victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks and collecting vast quantities of blood that was not needed and ultimately thrown out . Healy told reporters she "  had no choice " about her resignation . Meanwhile , DeFrancis acknowledged Tuesday that , 14 years after a court ordered the agency to improve its collection of blood , it has yet to meet federal safety and quality-control requirements . E-mail to a friend	Red Cross says it became aware of the relationship 10 days ago Relationship allegedly involves a subordinate female Red Cross employee Board "  concluded that the situation reflected poor judgment on Mr. Everson 's part " Everson : I "  deeply regret it is impossible for me to continue "
On December 12 a bride and groom traveled to their wedding in al-Baitha province , Yemen . It was supposed to be a day of celebration . Instead , in a few seconds , their happiness was obliterated . A U.S. drone fired at the wedding procession , destroying five vehicles and killing most of their occupants . Not even the bride 's car , beautifully decorated with flowers , was spared from the carnage . Senior Yemeni officials later admitted that the strike was a "  mistake " . Quite some mistake : although the bride survived , the strike killed 14 civilians and injured 22 more , according to officials -- the largest death toll by a drone attack in Yemen since the program began in 2002 . Since the killings , a wave of outrage has swept across the country . The Yemeni government rushed to meet community elders , seeking to negotiate a quiet settlement for the killing of the bride 's loved ones . But the bereaved villagers rejected the overtures and instead demanded that President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi stop U.S. drone strikes before they would sit at any negotiating table . As ever , the White House responded to press queries about the incident with only silence . U.S. President Barack Obama has issued no admission of responsibility , let alone an apology . Only after recent evidence gathered from the scene by Reprieve did officials grudgingly admit that they would look into the strike . This is not the first time a U.S. drone has killed civilians in al-Baitha province . On September 2 , 2012 , a U.S. drone hit a minibus near Radda , according to Yemeni officials . This time the vehicle was full of villagers carrying their day 's shopping . As usual the initial press coverage labelled the dead as "  al Qaeda militants , " but when the relatives threatened to deliver the bodies to the President 's gates , the Yemeni government was forced to concede that all 12 people killed were civilians . Among the victims were a pregnant woman and three children . Only recently , we had reason to hope for better . Last month , Yemeni civil engineer Faisal bin Ali Jaber went to Washington , traveling over 7,000 miles in search of answers . He met Congressmen , Senators , and even some White House officials to describe how U.S. drone strikes incinerated his nephew and brother-in-law at his son 's hometown wedding last year . In this strike two of the casualties were not only civilians , they were potential allies -- one was an imam who regularly preached against al Qaeda ; the other was this small town 's only policemen . Faisal received heartfelt condolences from many lawmakers . Yet no official was prepared to explain why his relatives were killed , or why the U.S. administration refused to acknowledge it had made a mistake . The use of drones in Yemen might seem a simple , quick-fix option for Obama . But with every civilian death , al Qaeda 's recruiting power increases . Nabeel Khoury , former U.S. Deputy Chief of Mission to Yemen , recently reminded us of just that . Asked whether the covert U.S. drone war in Yemen was creating more enemies than it removed , he concluded : "  Drone strikes take out a few bad guys to be sure , but they also kill a large number of innocent civilians . Given Yemen 's tribal structure , the U.S. generates roughly forty to sixty new enemies for every AQAP operative killed by drones . " Let me be clear : I , like the vast majority of my countrymen , reject terrorism . All of us were repulsed by footage of the gruesome al Qaeda attack on a Defence Ministry hospital that left dozens dead in December . We agree that our fight against extremist groups can not be won without a variety of efforts , including robust law enforcement . But U.S. drone strikes are exacerbating our problem by leaving families bereaved and entire villages terrified . Drones destroy the fabric of Yemeni society . Wronged and angry men are just the sort extreme groups like al Qaeda in the Arab Peninsula find easiest to recruit . Our President may reassure the U.S. of his support for drone strikes , but he does so in complete contradiction to the Yemeni people 's wishes . This year , two of Yemen 's greatest democratic institutions made this clear . Yemen 's National Dialogue Conference -- praised by Obama as a "  historic " institution -- and the Yemeni Parliament have both voted overwhelmingly to ban the use of drones . For a country so often divided , this unanimity from Yemen 's key democratic bodies shows the strength of public opinion against drones . But the people 's cries have been met only with more missiles raining down from the skies above . How can we in Yemen build our fledgling democracy when our collective will is ignored by Western democracy 's most powerful proponent ?	In December a U.S. drone strike mistakenly targeted a wedding convoy in Yemen The strike killed 14 civilians , outraging Yemen , but U.S. has failed to take responsibility Shiban : Drones may seem like quick fix , but every errant strike helps al Qaeda recruit
CNN  -- Tickets went on sale for the 2012 London Olympics on Tuesday , but some sports fans were unable to process their applications due to problems with the online payment system . The official website accepts only Visa cards , but people trying to use ones which expire before the end of this August were unable to complete the process , the UK Press Association reported . Some 6.6 million seats went up for grabs 500 days from the start of the Games in the British capital , and people have until 2259 GMT on April 26 to apply . Payments must be made between May 10 and June 10 . "  What Visa is trying to do is to ensure that more people will be able to apply by bringing this threshold forward so that it will only be if your card expires before the end of June that the site will not process your order , " a London 2012 spokesman told PA. . How do I apply for London 2012 Olympic tickets ? "  It means if your card runs out in July you will still be able to apply , but you will just need to come into the process a bit later . It is an issue with Visa rather than the website or our systems . " On Monday , London 2012 chairman Sebastian Coe said there was no rush to apply for tickets as they would not be distributed on a first-come-first-served basis . "  You have no greater chance of getting a ticket on March 15 than say 22 days in to the process . We have got every confidence that everybody who wants to come will get a chance , " the two-time Olympic gold medallist told PA. . There are a total of 650 sessions during the Games , spread across 17 days with 26 sports to choose from . The popular events , like the men 's 100 meters athletics final , are limited to four tickets per person . The oversubscribed events will be settled by ballot . Ticket prices start at # 20  $ 32  and go up to # 2,012  $ 3,253  . Olympic champions past and present Carl Lewis , Nadia Comaneci and Rebecca Adlington helped launch the sales on Tuesday along with London mayor Boris Johnson .	Early problems as tickets for the London 2012 Olympics go on sale Tuesday Visa system prevents people with cards expiring in August from completing application London 2012 spokesman says the credit-card company is trying to improve system Tuesday marks 500 days until the Olympics begin on July 25 , 2012
PARIS , France  CNN  -- A day of strikes dubbed "  Black Thursday " in France looked more like "  Gray Thursday , " with officials reporting a mixed impact across the country . Commuters wait for a train at a metro station in central Paris on "  Black Thursday . " Union officials said 2.5 million people demonstrated across the country , while the Ministry of the Interior put the number at one million . No arrests or violence were reported , Paris police said . In Paris , all but three lines of the Metro subway system were operating Thursday , the RATP transport authority said . Buses and trains were operating normally with only slight disruptions , the authority said . Suburban trains lines into and around Paris were badly hit . At best , only one in five was operating Thursday , operator RER said . Public transportation workers and other civil servants planned the 36-hour strike over a range of concerns spurred by the world economic crisis . Specifically , workers are anxious about a range of problems , including low salaries , poor buying power and job insecurity . Their collective strike action challenges the way the French government has handled the economic crisis . Unions complain that the government has spent billions to bail out banks and the auto industry while allowing little of that money to filter down to workers . Students , teachers and government workers were striking alongside transportation employees . Under a law introduced last year , schools are required to provide a "  minimum service " to ensure that children with nowhere else to go during a strike may still be able to go to school . The law does n't require that classes take place -- only that caretakers are provided . Paris municipal authorities said it was difficult for them to ensure a minimum service Thursday because they were not given enough notice for the strike . City officials said a total of 90,000 children in the capital would be affected in some way . The strike began at 8 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  Wednesday and is to end at 8 a.m.  2 a.m. ET  Friday . Union officials plan to meet Monday to consider future strikes , they said . Hospital and postal workers , bank staffers , air traffic controllers and auto workers also walked off the job . Air France said it was operating 100 percent of its long-haul flights . In Paris . the airline said it suspended 30 percent of its short - and medium-haul flights at Orly airport and 10 percent at Charles de Gaulle as a precaution during the strike . The national state-owned railway SNCF said traffic was normal on trains from Paris to other European capitals such as London and Zurich . It said the national high-speed TGV trains were running normally in eastern France , with traffic at 50 percent to 80 percent of normal levels in other parts of the country . -- CNN 's Jim Bittermann and Sujatha Samy contributed to this report .	NEW : French unions say 2.5 million protested government handling of economy NEW : Government puts figure at about 1 million Hospital and postal workers , air traffic controllers among those striking In Paris , most Metro subway lines operating ; buses , trains operating normally
CNN  -- Workers at a Texas state school for mentally handicapped adults are believed to have been staging a "  fight club " among residents , encouraging them to physically battle one another , police told CNN Tuesday . A cell phone containing videos of the alleged abuse at the Corpus Christi State School in Corpus Christi , Texas , was turned over to police last week , and authorities are expecting to file arrest warrants this week , Corpus Christi police Capt. Tim Wilson told CNN . The incidents are believed to have taken place in a school dormitory , Wilson said . "  This has been going on for some time , " Wilson said . "  That is what makes this an exceptional case . It is not the workers abusing the clients , so to speak . The workers are not hitting them , but they are allowing these clients to fight with each other , thereby endangering their well-being . " "  These people are charged with the care and custody of these clients , and they are exploiting  them  , " he said . Those involved will likely face charges of injury of a disabled person , Wilson said . The charge 's severity can range up to a third-class felony , depending on the extent of a person 's involvement , he said . The actual charges , however are left up to the Nueces County District Attorney , which is participating in the investigation along with the Texas Inspector General 's Office , he said . Seven school employees have been placed on paid emergency leave by the Texas Department of Aging and Disability Services , according to spokeswoman Cecilia Fedorov . Some former workers also will be interviewed , authorities said . Fedorov said the agency received a phone call Friday from the state Department of Family and Protective Services , saying they had been alerted to the situation by police and were opening an investigation into possible abuse or neglect . The employees on leave can not come on to campus , but must sign in at the gate every day they are on leave , Fedorov said . State officials are awaiting the outcome of the investigation to determine whether they should take further action , she said . Wilson said Corpus Christi police received the cell phone a week ago , when a citizen found it and gave it to an officer working security at a hospital . The officer looked at several of the videos , then gave the phone to the police 's forensic unit for analysis . More videos were found in the phone 's memory . "  It appears it was some sort of a fight club , " Wilson said . Twenty videos were found on the phone , with dates going back about a year . All the videos featured the school 's "  clients , " who are severely mentally handicapped , he said . On the videos , "  they  the clients  are not upset like they are being forced , " Wilson said . "  They are being more goaded into it . There 's a lot of voices on there from workers ... saying , ` Look at that , ha ha ' ... laughing , stuff like that . " No clients are seen crying , upset or injured on the videos , he said , but no workers are seen stopping the fighting . "  The fighting entails pushing , wrestling and some shoving , " Wilson said . Police do not believe anyone was seriously injured , he said , but the investigation is ongoing . "  Four or five clients have been identified and at least five workers , possibly as many as 10 , " he said . "  Some are more active in staging the fights , and some others passively stand around not doing anything . " The clients are all adult males , ranging in age from their late teens into their 30s , he said . As part of the investigation , the Inspector General 's office has interviewed some of the clients , Wilson said . Asked whether the school had previously been investigated for abuse , he said , "  This is the exception . Over the years , we have had isolated instances of abuse we have investigated . Every once in a while , the school itself would report a case , but this appears to be organized . " Police believe , based on the videos , the "  fight club " was confined to one dormitory , he said . CNN 's John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	Cell phone videos of alleged abuse at Corpus Christi State School given to police The Texas school serves adults who are severely mentally handicapped Seven school employees placed on leave ; arrest warrants are pending No clients are seen crying , upset or injured on the videos , police say
CNN  -- Peace . Love . And Snarknado 2 . What does it say when Americans unite , not once , but twice in a lifetime for a TV show ? And not just a TV show , but one where a twister filled with man-eating sharks menaces a major metropolitan area . We could n't afford a psychologist so we 'll just have to look at social media . Last summer , "  Sharknado " churned up a storm of laughs , 5.3 million viewers and enough clever tweets to choke a ... shark . It was the same story Wednesday night for the debut of "  Sharknado 2 : The Second One " on Syfy . The Twitterverse exploded . #Sharknado2TheSecondOne was the top-trending hashtag on Twitter well into the overnight hours and social search website Topsy recorded more than 215,000 tweets with #sharknado2 over the past day . But what inspires such passion , such creativity ? Is it the rubber sharks flying through Midtown Manhattan , the implausible storyline , the Al Roker cameo ? Yes . Yes . And yes . With this amount of chum in the water , there was bound to be a feeding frenzy , right ? And there 's more to come . Syfy has already signed on for a third "  Sharknado " movie . Screenwriter Thunder Levin predicts now that New York has gone down , there might be a "  global Sharkapocalypse . " Heaven forbid . Sequel suggestions are already making the rounds . With all this creativity floating around , some were offering Syfy suggestions for new shows at #NewSyFyOriginals . This one has promise . And you know you 've got a good thing going when the National Weather Service and the Weather Channel are joining in on the fun . . Syfy announces ` Sharknado Week ' around ` Sharknado 2 ' premiere CNN 's Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this report .	Social media explodes for "  Sharknado 2 " It debuted Wednesday on Syfy Sharks invade the Big Apple for the sequel to last summer 's pop culture phenomenon Screenwriter predicts there might be a "  global Sharkapocalypse " in third outing
CNN  -- William Clay Ford -- grandson of automaker Henry Ford and the figurative father of the Detroit Lions ' NFL franchise -- died Sunday morning after battling pneumonia . He was 88 . The Ford Motor Company -- for which Ford served for 57 years as an employee and board member -- said that Ford died at his home . William Clay Ford Jr. , the company 's former president and current executive chairman , remembered his father as a "  great business leader and humanitarian " as well as "  a wonderful family man . " The news about Ford hit especially hard among those associated with the Lions , which he became president of in 1961 and purchased two years later . He was the team 's chairman at the time of his death . "  No owner loved his team more than Mr. Ford loved the Lions , " Tom Lewand , team president , said . Lions ' greats -- past and present -- weighed in on Twitter . Star wide receiver Calvin Johnson called the news a "  great loss to the Lions family . " "  Mr. Ford was a visionary that will be missed by all , " said Hall of Fame former running back Barry Sanders . He leaves behind Martha Firestone Ford , to whom he was married for 66 years , three daughters and his one son , 14 grandchildren and two great-grandchildren . People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Jill Martin contributed to this report .	William Clay Ford dies Sunday at his home from pneumonia , car company says He had worked or been on the board at Ford Motor Company for 57 years Ford also owned the NFL 's Detroit Lions since 1963 Son calls him a "  wonderful family man " ; Barry Sanders says he was a "  visionary "
CNN  -- Catastrophic flooding has prompted the evacuation of thousands upon thousands of people in Russia 's Far East , a government ministry said Sunday , spurring hasty efforts to set up housing for the displaced . Russia 's emergency ministry said Sunday that 18,000 people had been affected in three regions north of China not far from the Sea of Okhotsk . RIA Novosti , a state-run news agency , identified the affected regions as the Amur region , Khabarovsk Territory and the Jewish Autonomous Region . This report , citing an emergency ministry spokesperson , had an even larger number of people affected after heavy rains spurred the floods -- 32,000 , of which 17,000 had been evacuated . The evacuees had lived in thousands of homes and apartment buildings across 121 impacted towns and villages , including some like Amurskaya Oblast , Khabarovskiy Krai and Evreiskaya Oblast that were particularly devastated . Authorities rushed to set up 166 temporary shelters and move in food , water and medical supplies , Health Minister Veronika Skvortsova said , according to RIA Novosti . That report , for instance , said that a plane had headed to the city of Blagoveshchensk with 53 tons of aid , including food , life jackets and boats . Russian President Vladimir Putin held a meeting Saturday on the floods , after which he told local governors to be involved personally in the response . "  No one must be forgotten , and no one must be lost , " he said , as reported by RIA Novosti . The amount of rain should decrease , and the pace water levels are rising should slow down , after Tuesday , said local enviromental official Vyacheslav Parshin . The water in that river -- which is expected to reach 7 meters  23 feet  by August 25 -- had never been so high , Parshin said according to RIA Novosti . The emergency ministry 's report made no mention that anyone had been killed or injured as a result . But flooding in the expansive nation of Russia has proved deadly before . Last July , at least 141 people died after floods surged through southern Russia 's Krasnodar region , state-run media reported , citing Russia 's Interior Ministry . Scores killed in Russia flooding	3 regions in Russia 's Far East suffer catastrophic flooding A government ministry says at least 18,000 are affected Authorities set up 166 shelters , ship in emergency aid , state news reports
